Salutations, my babies. You are listening to 694.2 PTBP,
Contingent's best and only radio show. Now, Wolf got a little bit of news for y'all today.
Now, I heard through the grapevine that Officer Keith Vigna didn't get the chief a birthday
present. Now, that's some cold shit. She did, however, receive a box with a single rose,
a white hard hat, and a black silk bow tie before leaving town. And Julia Maxwell crashed her car
driving drunk and was pronounced dead at the city hospital. Now, ain't that some shit for you?
A body was found at the piston junkyard. The body has a brand on the back reading,
This is a fool. That's some spooky stuff, y'all. That's just some spooky stuff.
Now, we got a new jam for y'all today. It's Kudzu with No Backbone.
Alright, Joe, if you wouldn't mind giving me a quick description of your character,
Clark Bishop. Yeah, sure. Clark is a 17-year veteran on the force. He's in his late 30s,
balding and letting himself go. He's a hard worker and does his best, but it's often not enough.
He pretends to know what he's doing. Often he doesn't, though. He's gotten pretty good at
faking it. Clark is from contention, and he knows the town pretty dang well. He's a lonely guy who
gets home from work, heats up his TV dinner, and watches Wheel of Fortune.
And then he goes to bed and dreams about being a noir-style detective.
Perfect. Absolutely perfect. Okay, so you are going out to Carrie Page's home,
where she is called in last night that her dog is missing.
Councilwoman Carrie Pages. She is regarded highly in the community. You know of her,
you probably don't know her very well. She's got a night to play. She's in the old neighborhood.
It's where all these old houses are lined up. They've all been taken care of really well. These
houses have been passed down from family to family. They're like rarely bought and sold
in this neighborhood. What do you want to do when you arrive at her house?
I'm gonna just walk on up and knock on the door.
All right, cool. So she answers the door. She has a beehive bun, cat-eye glasses,
and is wearing a bejeweled pantsuit.
No shit.
It is lightly bejeweled, but any bejeweling of a pantsuit is immediately noticeable.
And she is kind of freaking out a little bit.
Hello, thank you so much for coming.
Miss Page.
So my dog is missing. Tyler, you know Tyler? Have you seen Tyler?
Tyler, do you have a...
Here's a picture. Here's a picture of him. And she hands you a picture. He's an old black lab.
Every morning he goes out and he typically just uses the restroom and comes right back inside
before I feed him his breakfast, before I leave for the day. But today he did not come inside.
And, you know, I saw some... There was something...
Last night in the backyard, I thought I saw something moving, but,
you know, there's this rash of homeless people. Are you doing anything about that?
There seems to be more homeless in the community these days. And I just think...
I'm very worried about Tyler. He's got a lot of meat on his bones.
And if the homeless people are looking for something...
But I'm not trying to say that homeless people...
Oh, no, man.
I'm not trying to say that homeless people eat dogs. But I am saying that
perhaps he is a good-looking eating dog. He's a good dog to eat.
I'm not... He is the kind of dog who would be... He's my... He's everything to me.
Ma'am, has Tyler ever gotten out before?
Tyler is a very good dog. He is always very patient with me.
And he goes out the backyard and he comes right back in,
because he loves his home and he loves his food.
Has he ever gotten out of the backyard before?
No. We have very tall fences.
Have you put up pictures yourself already?
No, that was this morning. Early this morning.
And I have not seen him since about 5 a.m.
It is 9 o'clock now and I'm late.
And I would really appreciate you to find my dog.
Would you mind if I took a look in your backyard?
Go for it.
I go in the backyard.
You go into her backyard. It's a nice backyard.
She's got a little back deck set up. She's got a little grill out there.
Lawn chairs and such. Big grassy area for the dog.
8-foot privacy fences all the way around.
Do I see anything out of the ordinary? Just on first glance of the yard?
No.
And then I want to just do a perimeter around the fence and see if there's any holes on the bottoms.
Go ahead and roll search for me.
Fail. 63 on a 20.
Okay. You see no holes in the fence. Nothing out of the ordinary as you're searching.
She comes outside and she's like, have you found him?
No, you're right. He's not here.
I know.
Do you ever take him for a ride or anything?
He goes out to the vet every once in a while when he is in need of a veterinary's assistance.
Do you ever take him for a walk?
I have taken him for many walks, but I'm in the car is when we go to the vet.
When you take him on walks.
Sir, I am a good dog owner. I take my dog for walks all the time.
I'm just trying to think of where that dog might have gone off to on its own.
He would come back. I know him.
But he hasn't yet, right?
You have not found my dog. Is that correct?
Correct.
Okay. I would like you to find my dog.
I'm working on it, ma'am.
Thank you.
Does that dog like to go anywhere?
I don't know what you mean. He comes inside and he eats his food every morning and now he's not
there eating his food. He should be in the room eating his food right now.
When you take him on a walk, what route do you take?
I go around the neighborhood.
All right. I'm going to take a quick lap around and I'll come back if I find anything.
Otherwise, here's the plan. We're going to put up some signs.
Thank you so much.
And we're going to find that dog.
I appreciate this. Would you like more pictures of him?
If you got them, sure.
She hands you five framed pictures of Tyler.
I take them.
And then she grabs one back and she's like, I'm going to hold on to this one.
Thank you.
You can hold on to any of these.
Thank you.
All right. And then I do what I said I was going to do. I'm going to do a lap around the
neighborhood and yell Tyler out the window as I go.
Awesome.
Kind of hating every moment of it.
For sure. For sure.
Tyler.
As you go around the neighborhood, you don't see anything out of the ordinary.
You also don't see any homeless people in the area.
You would notice as you're going around the neighborhood, the dogs in this neighborhood
do seem to be like the ones who are outside, which there are probably a handful.
They're all barking pretty loudly at different points.
Not constantly, but like in spurts, you'll hear a bunch of dog ruckus and then nothing.
Does Clark have knowledge of dog disappearances lately?
There've been no dog disappearances lately from any council members who would have called
the police about it.
Sure. Clark's plan, I don't know how much you want to do right now, but he would go back
to the office. He would literally do a missing dog poster as part of his service to the council
woman. He wouldn't do it for anybody else probably, but he's going ahead and doing it,
making copies of the photos.
Just begrudgingly making dog, missing dog posters.
And then going out and posting them.
Okay. Awesome.
Oh, and he would also check the vet. He would call the vet or the dog pounder,
wherever dogs would turn up if they are found.
Sure. Yeah. Yeah. There's a dog pound. Yeah. There's like an animal shelter, dog pound
combo thing going on in this town. I would assume.
Clark calls them up and inquires about an old black lab.
Yeah. Nothing.
Okay. Cool.
So yeah, that's what his day is.
They say lunch explorer?
Lunch explorers.
Yeah. That's my, that's my dream job.
I would absolutely explore many lunches.
That's like Anthony Bourdain, but for daytime TV.
All right, Thomas, if you could give me a quick, quick, a quip.
Does it quit equip?
How about those fat cats in Washington?
Let's take that.
All right.
All right. Do you want to give me a description of John Lee Pettymore?
Yeah. So John Lee Pettymore, he is the fourth of his name.
He is a, well, he's half contention native.
His, uh, his father was killed by the DAA on his drug farm when like just after John
was born and his, uh, his mother moved them back to contention where she was from.
So he comes from kind of a, a pretty rough and tumble background,
but he definitely wanted to turn his back on that a little bit.
He's about six feet tall.
He's got light brown hair.
Um, and just a fucking killer cop stash.
He's pretty average build.
Like he was very scrawny in high school.
So he's a little like touchy.
He like, he looks fine, but he thinks he's like still for sure.
He kind of had a, he kind of had a pretty wild teenage years.
He really, he got in trouble a lot.
He raced sprint cars for a while, but an injury kind of scared him out of those and,
uh, ended his career there.
Got him into a safer line of work.
Kind of. Yeah.
He was, yeah, Cthulhu hunting.
In every campaign I've ever played that line of work has worked out great for my character.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Oh man.
Who was it?
Was it Archie who got ripped through the wall by the hell dogs?
Yeah.
That was tight.
All right.
Perfect.
Thomas, John Lee Pettymore is going out.
Do you want to go to the spot where he called it in or do you want to go talk to Jimmy?
I, uh, I want to go to the spot and I will probably call Jimmy on the way and ask him
to meet me there.
You said he's my, like a distant cousin or something.
Sure.
Yeah, that totally works.
You guys, uh, known each other for a long, long time.
So you call him up.
Uh, Hey, uh, John?
Yeah, Jim.
Yeah.
What's going on?
You called us, Jim.
What do you mean?
Well, you said there was an oil spill.
Uh, I mean, I don't know what oil spill you're talking about.
Listen, Jimmy, uh, Drew said you called in pretty early in the morning, 4 AM and there
was an oil spill.
I called the police station last night.
You sure did, Jimmy.
Oh, okay.
Um, were you tying one on buddy?
No, no, no.
You know, I don't mess with that stuff anymore.
Um, God, I, uh, I don't know.
I don't know what I know, Jimmy.
Uh, well, um, I don't know, man.
I don't know what to tell you.
All right.
Well, um, where are you at right now?
No, I'm at the shop.
I'm going to head down there.
All right.
I'll see you in a second.
Subtropolis is literally two blocks away from the police department.
Uh, I will, and we're both downtown, so I'll walk over there before I leave.
I want to ask Drew some details.
What, you got a call from Jimmy?
I got a call from Jimmy at a 4 AM.
Yeah.
I, he was describing to me this, uh, this, this black, uh, oil that was all over the
ground out on a country road out Southeast.
That's strange.
Did he, did he describe the location more?
Exactly.
Do you think you could get me to that place?
Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You hold the Fort down, raise MIA, of course.
Oh yeah, for sure.
All right.
I'll be back soon.
Okay.
So yeah, I'm going to go.
I'm going to stroll down to, I guess actually I want to take him with me.
So I'm going to pop over there in my cruiser.
Okay.
So you go to Subtropolis, you know, Jimmy is the manager there.
He's like pretty much always stone.
Just slinging sandwiches.
Hey Jimmy, first of all, uh, can you have your, can you have your boy make me a number
five and then, uh, I need to talk to you for a minute.
All right.
Um, yeah.
Uh, what's up?
So you don't have any recollection of talking to, talking to Andrew last night.
Uh, um, uh, nope.
What'd you, what'd you do last night, buddy?
Oh, you know, I was just, uh, uh, at, out at the house, uh,
hanging out.
Where does he live?
Went for drive.
Uh, he lives, uh, he lives out kind of by the country.
That part of town.
Yeah, it's down there.
He's like kind of got some land out there.
Your, your family, like all of your distant relatives just kind of like have a plot of
land that they've had forever.
Um, so he's down in the Southeast part of town.
It's a little bit more farmy out there.
Gotcha.
So Jimmy, what do you recall from last night?
Go ahead and roll humid.
Should Pat.
Yeah.
24 on a 50.
He's going to level with you.
Man, uh, I, I got some pretty good mushrooms in recently and I hadn't, you know, tripped
in a while.
So I went ahead and just did some, I did some mushrooms last night, man.
And I don't know, I kind of went off into my own little space in my head.
And, uh, I mean, it was a crazy fucking trip.
Yeah.
I, uh, I definitely don't remember calling the police station.
I'm really sorry, but don't worry, man.
It's no big deal.
I feel bad.
Sorry, man.
Okay.
I mean, I'm still, I'm going to have to ask you to come down to the spot with me and take
a look at things.
Oh, just.
Okay.
Yeah.
Jimmy, I'm not arresting you.
Oh my God.
Jesus Christ.
I thought as long as you sell me some of those mushrooms.
I was like John Lee Powell.
You know, I actually, I, I've got an eighth with your name on it.
I love you guys.
Hey.
And so you guys drive out there and as you're driving, he's kind of telling you, uh, about
his trip.
And, uh, yeah, I'm eating that sandwich.
Yeah, chow down that number five.
It's good chip layer.
Of course.
And, uh, you guys make it out there.
It's the exact spot that he had told Drew that he was at when you saw the oil spill
and there's, uh, seems to be nothing out there on the ground.
Got any recollection of being out here last night, Jimmy?
Uh, he kind of stares off and he's like, no, man, pretty, pretty good stuff.
It was crazy, dude.
It was nuts, man.
I was having these crazy dreams and like, I could have sworn it was real, man.
There's just,
Jimmy, uh, you know, you normally don't black out from mushrooms.
I never have before.
Uh, it was, uh, it was a nuts night, man.
I mean, I was drinking.
I'll admit it.
Yeah.
I was drinking a bit too, uh, but I'm pretty sure I didn't come out here.
Maybe I did.
I don't fucking know, man.
And he like goes through his phone and he sees that he made a call to the police station
which is the first time he actually believes you that this happened.
And he's like, Oh wow.
Yeah, that's my bad.
Jimmy man, I love you, but I watched
a woman's face destroyed last night cause she was driving drunk.
So you're going to have to promise me, be a little more careful.
I promise John, we don't want nothing to happen to that face of yours.
Oh, and why would you?
It's a good face.
Pretty good face.
Hey, don't worry man.
It's just no big deal.
I'll take care of it.
It's fine.
It's fine.
And I'm sorry about the call.
I don't know what that was about, but shit, you know, who knows what I was seeing?
All right, well I'm going to poke around anyway.
All right.
All right.
So do you like get out?
Are you parking and getting out of the car?
All right.
So you park and get out of the car.
You're out on this country road.
There's like nobody out here.
Um, you see a few houses in the distance and stuff.
Yeah.
Nothing, uh, nothing too particular and checking the road, man.
There's not even like a stain on the ground.
Well, Jimmy, I mean, Hey, you know, even in that compromised mental state,
I'm glad you saw something and said something.
Yeah.
You called us.
That's the right thing to do.
Um, I am, I've got some vacation time looking up, coming up next month and I am looking
forward to these mushrooms, man.
Yeah.
Come on out to the farm.
You want to choose some shotguns?
Abso-fucking-lutely.
I do.
Yeah, dude.
Yeah.
It sounds like a good time.
Yeah.
Bring those sandwiches.
Thanks, John.
I really appreciate this, man.
I know, I know that you, you're trying to, you know, stay on, on your grind and, and
do your job and, you know, I should probably get back and, and, and take care of these
good people at contention, get them the sandwiches they need.
Something about this just bugs me.
I call Ray.
Listen, Ray, if you are south east of town, just keep an eye out around old County road.
Perfect.
Let me know if you see anything out of the ordinary.
For sure.
He will fucking something.
All right.
Yeah, that's perfect.
All right, Luke, if you wouldn't mind, could you describe Keith Vigna to me?
All right.
Keith Vigna is, uh, about five eight.
He's a 170 pounds, but he's down from 200 a little, he's been working out.
So he's slightly muscular, but he's still got a bit of a gut.
Because of his weight loss, his favorite pants are too big.
So he wears a belt and suspenders.
He's got the on purpose, messy hair look, but he doesn't pull it off very well.
So nobody can tell that it's on purpose.
Messy.
It just looks kind of messy.
Perfect.
Like dirty blonde.
Typically he's in uniform, but the uniform he wears tends to be worn quite a few times before
he washes it.
When he's off duty, he wears like cheap thrift store finds that tend to be like ratty button
up shirts as opposed to like cool vintage clothes.
He's got like a crooked smile with a slightly yellowed teeth, like one crooked tooth.
He's always got a bit of scruff on his face and he's got like bright green eyes, but they're
a little bit sunken in, uh, kind of like tired look about it.
Cool.
Cool, cool, cool.
All right, Luke.
So you are Keith Vigna.
See, Keith Vigna is going to check out this, uh, house that has the doors swinging open
or whatever.
And it was called in by Mildred Mitchell, who is the neighbor.
So would you like to go to the house or the neighbor's house first?
Uh, I'll go talk to Mildred.
As you pull into the old neighborhood where all the old nicer houses are in town that
have been well kept through generations and stuff, uh, you pull up and you see the house.
It's across the street from Mildred's house.
Mildred's house is like really well kept and the house across the street is just very
plain normal looking.
However, she is right.
The screen door is swinging back and forth and the front door is actually open.
There's mail piling up in the mailbox and the next to the mailbox.
Okay.
I'm going to Mildred.
Yep.
Okay.
So you knock and the door opens and you see a woman who has shock white hair and big rainbow
earrings and she is wearing a Snuggie and drinking tea out of a big mug.
Hey, Hey, how's it going there?
It's going good.
Did you called in about this house next door?
Yes, I believe so.
Who lives there?
I don't know the man, but he is, uh, he's lived there for some time and he, uh, years
or a couple of years for sure.
I don't, I don't, I don't talk to him very much.
He's, he's very, uh, closed off.
He, uh, he doesn't seem to be out and about much, but how old of a man are we talking?
He is, uh, probably in his like mid thirties, I'd say.
Okay.
So younger, younger guy, kind of a younger guy.
Um, when's the last time you saw him?
Uh, I saw him, uh, a couple of days ago, I guess, uh, a couple of days ago.
Was he at the house or where?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He always, you know, comes and goes, you know, he's a person.
Yeah.
How long has the mail and stuff been piling up?
What?
The, the mail over there, I see that the mailbox looks full.
Uh, how long has that been going on for?
A couple of days, probably since the last time I saw him.
Uh, yeah, no, he, um, I don't know.
Has anything weird, has he done, is he just reclusive or is he, do you think?
No, no, he's just a normal guy.
You know, we're, we're pretty friendly in this neighborhood, but, uh, he's, uh, it's
cold out, so I don't go out too much.
Right.
Yeah.
Look comfortable.
Yeah, yes, of course.
And you kind of look behind her and like, it smells like pot.
Okay.
It smells like bottle over in this house.
And, uh, she's just this kind of crazy looking hippie lady.
Yeah.
Okay.
Uh, well, you know, I'm going to go, uh, run over there and kind of check out the
scene.
I appreciate the call.
Um, I might be back over to, uh, ask a few questions, but I think for now you've been
helpful.
So beautiful.
Yeah, no, it's just, uh, I didn't, I didn't think too much of the door being open and
stuff, uh, but it hasn't shut in a while.
So I thought I'd make, give you guys a call.
Okay.
Well, we appreciate it.
I will say, um, the other night I was here at the house and I, my blinds are typically
open and I was, I was just enjoying the view of the neighborhood and there was like a weird
flash of light coming from the house.
Uh, I don't know what that was.
From inside that house?
Well, it seemed to be from that house, maybe, uh, definitely from the neighborhood in that
area, I guess.
But it was so bright, it shined into my house, uh, which is pretty rare.
I thought it was strange.
I looked to see if there was a, a car of some sort, but, uh, you know, it takes me a while
to get up sometimes.
So I must've missed it.
I don't know, but it was pretty strange.
Okay.
Well, uh, I might be back over to, to kind of finish up everything.
Uh, but for now I'll be next door.
So, okay.
Okay.
Bye.
Thank you officer.
And she like shuts the door behind you.
Okay.
Uh, I'm going to walk over to the house and, and actually I want to go check the mail and
see if I can find out this guy's name.
His name is John Peters.
John Peters.
John Peters.
There's a car and his driveway and the screen door is swinging back and forth in the wind.
The front door is wide open.
All right.
I'm going to go just right up to the front door and just kind of yell inside and see
if anyone's home.
Nothing.
Nothing.
All right.
Uh, we get my flashlight.
Are we, it's daytime right now.
It is daytime.
All right.
I'm gonna get my flashlight out.
Anyway, um, get my flashlight out and just kind of go look inside the house and see if
I can find anything.
Okay.
So it's a large wooden door.
It is open, but as you walk by, you notice that the doorknob is like fully embedded into
the drywall on the wall where it is.
Okay.
So it's like stuck open basically right in the living room, which is the room that you
see when you first walk in, there are a couple of picture frames broken on the ground and
there is a large trunk also sitting there.
It is wide open.
There is a broken lock and a pair of bolt cutters sitting in front of it.
There's a bunch of like empty cans of beer around and there's bottles all over the place.
This guy clearly liked to drink.
Okay.
But the house doesn't look like ransacked.
No, I mean this trunk.
Yeah.
I mean the, the, the picture frames that are broken on the ground, but it doesn't look
like anyone stole a bunch of stuff.
The TV is still there.
I'm going to look at the pictures and see if, what do those pictures look like?
Anything out of the ordinary?
It's just the owner and his family.
Basically there's some family pics, but it doesn't look like it's his nuclear family.
It's a bachelor pad.
Are we talking one story, two stories?
One story.
One story.
I'm going to just go search the rest of the rooms in the house.
Go to the kitchen and whatnot.
So as you go through the house, you're going to see, oh gosh, let's see.
Go ahead and roll search for me.
Oh, 33 crit success.
That is a critical success.
Well done.
So as you go through, you're going to see a key chain hanging by the door.
It has his house keys, a bottle opener, his car keys, a few small keys that say G10, G11,
G12, and a key fob for a rewards program at Dirty Dog Grooming.
And you would know from your time in the city that that is a pet salon franchise in the city.
Okay.
Also, as you're going around, you would see like when you get into his bedroom,
going through his stuff, maybe on his night table,
there are some stubs that seem to be like bedding stubs.
What?
So you know how like when you go to a horse race?
Yeah.
You've got the like bedding.
Yes.
Sorry.
Bedding stubs.
I was thinking like a mattress tag.
And these basically just have numbers on them.
There's nothing that really shows what he was bedding on or anything like that.
It's just a bunch of numbers and stuff, but you can tell with your search that they are
stubs from some sort of bedding.
Okay.
Also, as you're walking past it, you didn't notice anything inside of it,
but on your way back, you saw that there were words burned into the top of the trunk.
What did they say?
It says in all caps, do not open if you want to live.
I want to peek inside that trunk and see if there's anything left.
There is nothing in there.
There's like padding at the bottom.
Okay.
But it's empty.
It's like foam padding.
There are indentations.
I gotcha.
Yeah.
And there are four indentations, one large, two medium, and one small.
One more thing.
As you were like searching the house through on that critical success,
you would see that the deadbolt was smashed.
Like basically this door was kicked in and the wood in the frame of the door is like broken out.
Okay.
Okay.
So obviously somebody came here to get whatever was in that trunk.
I'm gonna call into the station.
Bring up a contention PD.
Hey Drew.
It's Keith.
I'm at this house.
Are you familiar with John Peters?
Do you know that name?
No.
Okay.
Could you do a quick search for that name and see if anything pops up on him?
I'm at his house and he hasn't been here in a couple of days and it looks like there's been a
break in and so I'm thinking that we might have a missing persons kind of thing.
Oh geez.
What is happening?
I know.
Okay.
So let me look him up real quick.
Go ahead and roll luck for me.
What's your luck?
60.
That is a seven.
Yeah baby.
Let's see.
What would you learn about John Peters?
He has had very little contact with the police.
Like he has never, he hasn't done anything wrong really.
Yeah.
He did find, uh, he was in the hospital for a while, like a long time.
He had a long stint in the hospital and that was like a couple years ago.
Does it say why?
No.
Okay.
Well thanks Drew.
Yeah, absolutely.
I want to go back to that trunk and try to get the fingerprints off of it.
Go ahead and roll forensics.
I have a zero.
Okay.
25.
Well it wasn't a crit fail, you just failed.
Yeah.
Okay.
You get some fingerprints off of it that you think are all right.
Probably.
You're like, I've never done this before, but uh, we'll give it a shot.
Okay.
You think you know how to do this?
Uh, you like get some scotch tape out and like...
I try my hardest.
Is there anything else you want to do?
If I've searched around the house and looked through everything, I don't know.
I guess I'll file a report just saying that it looks like a break-in.
I mean, I guess I can't file a missing persons because I have no other reason than the break-in
to suspect that, um...
Go ahead and roll an intelligence check for me.
48 on a 50.
Yeah.
On his key ring was a rewards program for...
The doggy daycare or whatever.
Yeah, the dirty dogs.
Dirty dogs.
And uh, there doesn't seem to be a dog in this house,
or any like thing that would tell you that he ever had it.
Okay, I'm gonna give a call there, see if he maybe works there.
Okay.
Uh, he doesn't.
Do they know his name?
Go ahead and roll human.
Shit.
98.
Uh, you have no idea.
Cool.
I'm gonna make a note of the daycare or the doggy thing.
Yeah.
There's no signs of any animals living here.
Nope.
Okay, I'm gonna go back over and talk to Mildred real quick.
Okay.
Hold on.
She opens the door like waving her hand in front of her face and she's like,
Sorry, what's up?
You gonna skunk, skunk in there?
Oh yeah, um...
Yeah.
I'm not worried, I'm here to help.
Let's see, do you, have you ever seen John with a dog?
Uh, John with a dog?
No?
I don't think he has a dog.
Okay.
These dogs have been going crazy.
I know.
Yeah.
Okay, that's all I needed to know.
Okay.
And something clicks in Keith's mind.
All right.
Okay.
Is that all?
That's, that's, that'll do it.
You can go back to, uh, tending to your skunk.
I'm knitting.
Yeah, go back to knitting.
Thank you.
Yeah, I'll come see what you did later.
Anyway, okay.
Have a good night.
Have a good night.
Yeah.
Um, okay.
I'm gonna go back to the station and, um, I also want to get in contact with Clark and
see what he found out about this dog.
You guys are gonna meet up for lunch probably right about now.
Cool.
All right, sounds good.
Y'all ready for this?
The three of you meet up for lunch at the police station.
This is a weird place to eat lunch.
Let's go to Klinker's.
Clark definitely has a bologna sandwich in a brown paper bag and he's, he's already probably
chomping on it at his desk.
I know you probably won't be hungry after the bologna sandwich, but, uh, I'm thinking
subtropolis.
Already ate a subtropolis today.
I'll just canonically, I'll just get a, I'll order a pizza.
I'm interested in this dog cause I've got a connection to make.
Well, maybe you can shed some light on it cause I didn't make much headway.
She's missing a black lab named Tyler.
She hadn't done anything to find it.
So I went ahead and put up some posters for her and did a lab around the block and called
the humane society.
But I did note that them dogs was barking all around that neighborhood.
So I went and checked out that abandoned house.
I talked to the neighbor Mildred Mitchell.
She is a quirky little hippie lady, but anyway, she let me know.
He's kind of a reclusive guy.
His name's John Peters that lives there.
Obviously it looks like somebody had broken in.
It was kicked open.
The dead bolt had torn off some of the wood from the door frame and door handle was sticking
into the dry wall.
He had left his key chain with like his key fob and stuff.
So it looks kind of a little suspicious that somebody broke in and he had a big trunk there.
And on the top of the trunk, it said, do not open if you want to live.
Looks like somebody had taken bolt cutters and chomped the lock on there.
Totally empty.
Like nothing else had been stolen.
The TV was still there and all that.
But I did notice on his key chain that he left, he had like a rewards, like loyalty
card for dirty dog, dirty dog grooming.
He, there was no, there was no signs of a dog living there.
And I asked, I went back and asked the neighbor and she said she'd never seen him with a dog,
which kind of makes me think, I don't know why he would have that loyalty key chain.
Definitely bizarre and dirty dogs.
It's in the city.
Not sure why he would have that, but I was thinking, I was thinking, uh, he's, he's gone.
He hasn't been seen in a couple of days.
This dog's gone.
I don't know what the connection there would be, but I, it could, it could be something
just to think about.
Isn't it as plain as day?
Man loves dog.
Dogs loves man.
They run away, run away together.
Damn.
That's why you're the best detective on the force.
What'd you find out?
What kind of oil?
Canola?
All, you know, my, my cousin, Jimmy, cousin, Jimmy oil, my cousin, Jimmy, who runs the
subtropolis, he, he was just up real late and pretty tired.
I think he was seeing things.
So there was no sign of a oil spill?
No sign.
Nothing like that.
He was, is he a drinker or a smoker or a tweaker?
No, Jimmy's all right.
He, uh, I think he's burning the candle at both ends.
You know what I mean?
He's, he's going a little too hard at subtropolis.
Okay.
Hmm.
Interesting.
But he did, what he, what he said, he described in depth what he saw to me.
Well, what did he see?
He said it was like, no, he didn't.
He didn't remember this at all.
Andrew had a little more details about what the car had said.
I said it was like a thick black oil just all across the road and the fields.
Yeah.
This was at 4am in the morning.
Yeah.
I went out there and there's no sign of it at all.
Nobody would have cleaned it up.
That would have been something that we would have known about.
Yeah.
And I'm certainly, it's probably not something revolved, like involved with any kind of elder
God death cult.
I wouldn't suspect.
Probably not.
Probably not.
Miss Paige did say that she had seen, she thought she had seen something in her backyard
not previous to the dog disappearance.
She thought it was a homeless person.
She said there's been a rash of homeless people in the neighborhood.
And she, for a moment floated the idea that the homeless men had eaten her dog.
Wait, which neighborhood, which neighborhood did the council woman live in?
She was in the old neighborhood.
Let's compare addresses to where she lives and where this abandoned house is.
Either the rose or the bow tie.
Are we talking the same, same street?
Same neighborhood for sure.
I would say that, uh, you were, sorry, uh, Keith Vigna, the house that you checked out
is on the same street, but south of the council woman's house on the same street.
Okay.
Interesting.
Um, we should have compared those.
How many blocks away?
Hold on just a second.
TNT.
We know drama.
We know drama.
Uh, you asked how many, you asked how many, uh, how many blocks away?
How many blocks away?
I'd say like a block.
Cool.
So I think John Peters is the dog and he ran away.
That makes the most sense to me.
Is this some kind of joke?
Yeah, it's a, it's a, I'm sorry.
We're talking about missing people, missing dogs.
I shouldn't be joking around.
You're not a, you're not a bad cop, but you are a bad cop.
I gotta, I gotta grow up into these britches.
In your investigation of the house, could you tell how long it had been vacant?
So Mildred told me that she, the last time she saw John Peters was two days ago.
And I checked, she didn't know his name.
I had to check his mail to see what his name was.
Mostly just junk stuff, but I don't think that he was in the house when it got broken
into because there didn't seem to be signs of any struggle or anything like that.
But as far as I know, nobody's seen him in at least two days.
You also found out one other piece of information from Drew.
The piece of information that I found out from Drew was that John had been in the hospital
for a long stint a couple of years ago.
With what?
He, uh, had trouble transforming back into the dog.
Uh, no, it, uh, they, uh, uh, it didn't, it didn't say,
it just said that he was there for a while, but I did, I don't know why.
My shape shifting abilities all fucked up.
Take a look at my dog.
I still have a tail.
Oh goodness.
Yeah.
So I don't know why, but, um, I found that out.
I told you about the key chain, the trunk.
Oh, uh, Mildred said that, sorry, was it a couple of days ago she saw that she saw like
a flashing light coming from that area or like inside of his house.
But she said that she, you know, didn't get up in time to like see exactly where the source
was, but I couldn't find anything that would have caused that coming from inside the house.
Was his car still there?
His car was still there.
His keys to the house and the car were still there as well.
Um, the only thing out of place was the trunk.
The key chain has his house keys, a bottle opener, his car keys, a few small keys that
say G 10, G 11, G 12, and a key fob for rewards program at dirty dog grooming.
What a series of bizarre and presumably unrelated.
It seems that he has a proclivity for alcohol because there's a lot of beer bottles and
beer cans just kind of strewn about the place.
The little keys that have the G numbers of those, uh, storage units.
That is a good detective work.
I've never done this before.
I've never done this before, but I also, here's, I hold up a piece of scotch tape.
I'm like, I try to get some fingerprints off the truck.
I don't know if this is how you do it, but do you want this?
That could go to police school.
I plead the fifth Clark.
When you look at the scotch tape, it's got a, it's got like, it's a paw print.
It's like, it's like literally like five fingerprints all smashed on top of each other.
Half of them are mine.
Did I do this?
Uh, no, I graduated from the police academy.
I won't tell you which one up in the city.
Yeah, I went to the city.
I'm, I'm a good cop.
I'm a good cop.
Keith, you would know that you didn't actually put any crime scene tape up or really close it.
You didn't even close the door of the house.
Not even when I went in.
Well, cause I didn't want it to preserve it.
You know, also I was a little scared.
It's a creepy old house.
You guys want to go back?
No, I mean, we're pretty busy.
We should probably have Ray.
I didn't even look in his car either.
Damn.
That could have been good.
Do you call the dog groomer?
I did call the dog groomer.
He did one thing.
I called the dog groomer.
John Peters does not work there.
And the person that I was on the phone with was not familiar with his name.
Probably because I rolled at 95.
Sometimes I just don't have any idea what the hell you're talking about.
It's a, you, you went to the police academy in town.
I went to police academy in the city.
There is no police academy in this town of 5,000 people.
I was in your class.
You know what?
I think maybe I should go check out what was in his car.
Cause people tend to keep things important to them.
Yeah.
Maybe we should all go check this house out.
It sounds like it might be a linchpin in this whole mystery.
We can double check your work.
You know what they say?
Three's better.
Three's company.
So you guys head out to go back to where John Peters lives?
On the, on the way there.
I want to call back into Drew because I, on the posters I put up,
I put the station's number on it.
Yeah.
Hey Drew, you get any calls about that dog?
No one has called yet.
All right.
Keep me posted.
I absolutely will.
That's all I wanted.
Perfect.
You take a nice little drive into the neighborhood,
go past Bean's pond on the way to the house.
As you pull up, Keith, I think you would probably notice right away that
John Peters' car is not in the driveway and the door is closed.
How did he move his car if I had the keys?
Are you asking the world?
I'm wondering out loud.
How did he move the car if I had the keys?
Are you asking how car thieves stole a car?
We don't know that it's a thief.
Is the mail still there?
Still there?
No, we're looking for the mail, John Peters.
Yikes.
The whole point is there.
Uh, the mail, the mail is gone.
The mailbox is empty.
Is the door still open?
No, it's closed.
I go ahead and take the lead and go and knock on the door.
Come and knock on our door.
So you pull up around the house, you got two cop cars in front,
maybe one in the driveway and you go up and knock on the door and you get no response.
I try it.
Oh, I mean the door has been kicked in previously.
It was basically set back into the frame.
I go and open it.
You open the door into this house.
You see there are, there's some glass on the ground.
There's a bunch of like bottles and cans out and about.
I holler in.
Hey, anybody in here?
You hear nothing.
Is the trunk still in there?
The what?
The trunk.
I don't know what you're talking about.
In the house?
There's no trunk in this house.
Fuck.
Uh, hey, where's that trunk you were talking about?
It was right there.
The one that said, do not open if you want to live.
Yeah, it was right there.
It's not there now.
Are you supposed, who are you supposed to be?
Yeah, the DM is fucking with us now.
I'm just telling you what you see.
Yeah, well it was sitting right there.
Yeah, but you said it like he had no previous knowledge.
Like gaslighting me.
I have no idea what you're talking about right now.
Look, uh, we actually, this is the first time any of us have been to the Peters' house.
Uh, am I John Peters?
We're in the wrong house.
You like quietly tuck a tail into your big britches.
Keith wrote down the address wrong.
Keith brought us to the wrong house.
Oh, we swatted this dude.
You can see, uh, as you're looking around now, there's some glass on the floor from
where the picture frames were, but they're now like all sitting on like a desk.
So it probably was John probably had a spare key, but fuck.
Why would he have moved the trunk and not like called?
Well, we're probably dealing with some shit that he didn't want to talk to the police.
Can I see an outline on the floor of where the trunk was?
Yeah, there seems to be.
All right, I believe you Keith.
Carpet.
There's like a little indentation where Keith claims the trunk was.
Believe me guys.
And you searched the, you searched the house before?
Yeah, I searched the house.
All I found, like I said, was those keys.
And you're a strange particular parlance.
Did you roll to search this house?
I crit succeeded.
I don't know what that means, but it sounds good.
I do a real good job searching this house.
Are you making fun of his accent?
The hell Vigna?
Sorry dude, it's kind of rubs off.
You also found something.
You found the betting stubs.
Oh shit, yeah.
Guys, I'm a good police officer.
I'm trying my, I want to do good.
Yeah, so I found these stubs that look like some sort of betting receipts.
What was he betting on?
That's, you should take a look at him.
What kind of money was he throwing down?
He was throwing down some heavy money.
There are dates on these as well.
Like hundreds or thousands.
Hundreds per night, but on multiple nights.
I wonder if this, if he was betting on horses or dogs.
He's betting on himself.
So basically these stubs are from the past, not this month, like not anytime in November.
These stubs are from the future.
What the hell is going on here, Jim?
They're, none of them are from November.
They're all from October and previous.
And there was a lot of money being bet and he never won.
And there is no indication what he was betting on.
Nope, none whatsoever.
Is there any commonality between the bets?
Is he always betting on the same thing?
He's always betting on it and oh yeah.
And you would also see there is a payout scale on there and he's always betting on these
crazy bets, like 30 to one, 50 to one bets.
None of these are like two to three.
None of these are good bets.
He's making bad bets.
And this seems, are we assuming, like, are there names?
Is this racing of some kind?
There's numbers.
It seems to be that the numbers are dictating what the bet is on.
And I was kind of asking, are those the same ever?
No.
Okay.
Oh, maybe sometimes.
Yeah.
Maybe sometimes.
Maybe sometimes.
And there's a knock at the door.
Hey, yeah.
It's clearly open.
Come on in.
You see a woman.
Does she have a face in the front door?
She is.
She has shock white hair and big rainbow earrings.
She's wearing a Snuggie and she has a big mug of tea.
Are you all back?
How's your knitting going?
What's going on?
Why, why are you so concerned?
Well, I just thought that there were some, you know, they came by, so I just didn't know.
Who came by?
Well, miss Mildred, the men who came by.
Have you ever seen these men before?
No, but I figured they were working with you all setting up the John one with them.
They look official at all.
I mean, they were just a couple men.
I didn't really think too much about it, but were they in suits?
One of them was wearing a suit and the other one had a big old jacket.
I mean, they both had big jackets on, you know, did the jacket say anything to see if
they were homeless or not.
Oh, eating dogs, eating dogs.
Oh, they didn't, they didn't seem to be eating any dogs.
Is that your is real quick.
Is that your Lippmann test?
Like, is he in a suit or not?
He's homeless.
Yeah, no, it was to fish for what they were wearing.
Yeah.
Did the jacket say anything on him or are they just.
No, they just pulled up and then they got in his car and one of them got in that car
and the other one took the other car and they both left after they came out into the house
and such.
And I just didn't know why you guys were back.
If it was there, I just want to make sure my neighbors.
Move the trunk.
Were they carrying anything?
The trunk?
Yeah, they carried a trunk.
They put it in John's car.
Yeah.
And they drove off with John's car.
Yeah.
They both drove away.
See which way they went.
They both, they both drove away in the same car or did they.
They were in separate.
One of them drove their car and the other one drove his car.
Do you know what kind of car that they showed up in?
It was just like a car.
It was like a white Toyota.
White Toyota, the four door.
I don't remember how many doors I had on it, son, but I appreciate you asking.
I'm glad you would value one old lady's opinion.
Are you mocking her now?
You know, this is a freeform medium.
Well, shit boys.
Keith, you, you got, you wrote down his license plate, right?
Yes, for sure not.
I do remember that it was a.
Why don't you roll to see if you did that?
What color was the car?
It was a red car.
Go ahead and roll intelligence for me there, Keith.
Oh, that's a 54 on a 50.
You have, it was a car.
It was maroon.
It was a maroon car.
Put an APB up for that.
This woman Mildred Mitchell is kind of like staring and looking around at you guys.
Watching the three Stooges routine.
Exactly.
And she's like, well, okay.
If, if you guys need any water or tea or anything, I'm right across the street.
Hey Mildred, do you remember what kind of car Mr. Peterson drove?
Who?
Your neighbor, John Peters.
Oh, he had that maroon car.
Do you know what it was?
You seem to be.
I used to drive a maroon 97 Oldsmobile Cheeto.
Was it one like that?
I don't know.
Is it a Cutlass Supreme?
A La Sabre perhaps?
What kind of car do you drive?
This is a conversation that I don't care anything about.
Well, you know what?
I mean, but I think the world cares.
This is what people want to hear.
Oh, I drive a white car.
That's real nice.
All right, go.
It's cold out here.
Go home, Mildred.
It's actually unseasonably warm if you recall.
It's a pretty nice day today.
It's cold out, Mildred.
Go home.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Drowning out on the nose.
With no mind at all.
No mind at all.
No mind at all.
Fly to fly to the stream.
