Hola, que pasa mis perros, esta es Wolf the dog.
On this week's edition of Howlin' with Wolf, we got ourselves a beautiful poem written
by a listener who gave us a five-star review on iTunes.
That was a super cool thing to do, listener.
She writes, My dearest Samuel,
You are the ying to my yang, The chicken tendies to my basement dweller,
The window to my wall, The sweat that drips down my balls,
You really butter my bread and stain my bits, I love you even if you keep taking weird pictures
of my paddle-board feet, Wow, that is so fuckin' gross,
Sorry y'all, Wolf is just jealous of all this love,
It gives me wet in the eye-holes, Now, wholesome news,
Officer Vigna broke into Officer Pettymore's house to find some cocaine for personal use.
This is the cocaine they stole from a storage unit after finding the key at the home of
a missing person.
The fire at the city hospital has now claimed the lives of more than 20 individuals.
The names of the deceased are not yet being released, my babies.
More importantly, however, the officers of law here in contention eat the most awful
breakfast food.
The officers are also dealing with the situation wherein Officer Bishop seems to be in more
than one place at a time.
He has no recollection of this.
Then, a lot of super important plot stuff happens, involving the FBI agents, the black
Nike bag, a small silver sphere, and things of that nature.
It seems like our boys at the local precinct might be getting called up to the big show.
For all our listeners in Springfield, Missouri, contentions greatest band, Kudzu, will be
playing in a show March 2nd at some place called the Front of House Lounge.
In honor of this actual event, we are premiering a brand new song by Kudzu.
It is No Backbone.
Okay, so in order to dig into these characters a bit more, we're going to take a look into
the past, starting with Clark Bishop.
Howdy.
I have Joe with me here today, and we are joined by a long-time Delta Green player and
my favorite person in existence, Taylor, my wife.
That's me.
And...
Borat.
My wife!
Nailed it.
I'd prefer you not do that.
So let's go ahead and get right into it.
Let's flash back to a time when Clark Bishop was a much, much younger man.
One might even call him a boy.
Yeah, and then I'll put in that in post.
It'll be like the nice dream sequence.
So you are in your childhood home, which just so happens to be, if I'm not mistaken,
to be the home that Clark Bishop still lives in.
Do you want to give a quick description of what it looks like back then?
Yeah, it's real clean.
It's one of those houses that keeps the plastic on the couch.
Lots of angel wings and crosses on the walls.
Maybe a framed picture of Jesus.
Jesus.
Is it tatting?
The little doilies and things on armchairs?
Yeah, your chairs have tats.
Yeah.
Tatted.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Yeah.
So as you're going about your normal kid time, I don't know what you're doing, but your parents
are in the kitchen making dinner.
Pat Sajak is loud and clear over the television, and as you're playing in the living room,
you hear your mom yell from the kitchen, Kermit the Frog in my throat.
And your dad is like, oh, it was right there.
I had the frog in my throat.
I couldn't come up with the Kermit.
And they're jawing back and forth, and you're looking over on the walls, you got all the
pictures of the Jesus, the crosses, you got some angels.
I don't know, maybe like a family picture of you guys on vacation somewhere.
And your mom walks over as your dad keeps working on dinner.
And she leans down to you, Clark, and she kind of like looks at the TV as Wheel of Fortune
goes into its final clue in the bonus round.
And she says, Clark, life is like the bonus round.
We were already given the best letters.
Then she gives you a big old hug and a kiss on the forehead and says, are you off to the
library?
Yeah, of course.
You're going to go say hi to Mr. Fingerson.
Mr. Fingerson?
Yeah, of course.
Yeah, go say hi to Mr. Fingerson.
Tell him that we send our guards and oh, also.
And she goes and grabs a little basket of muffins, lemon poppy seed muffins.
Yeah, they're good.
I bet he would enjoy these.
Mr. Fingerson?
He loves muffins.
So off we see little Clark Bishop riding a bike, maybe, or contentions in small town.
You could easily ride your bike.
Yeah, totally a bike.
To the contention public library.
When you go in there, you would see it's dead.
It's dead.
It's a really nice place.
The general's a little musty in here.
The library is not frequented often by the general population of contention.
However, you do see that at the information desk, Mr. Fingerson is having a conversation
with a man that I think you would recognize.
His name is Gary Daley and he runs the Pho Shop in town.
He is having a very loud conversation with Mr. Fingerson.
Uh, yeah, no, I really like this one for sure.
The true and horrifying confessions of the St. Oscyth witches.
Yes, of course.
If you have anything of this elaborate nature, something so esoteric, like this is the kind
of stuff that is right up my alley.
Oh, yes, Mr. Daley.
We have quite a bit in the occult.
I can surely gather some materials for you.
Tell me, what are you going to be reading these for?
Oh, I am just perusing them because I enjoy the story.
See nothing, I don't know.
It's just life is a little bit too bland and I like spicing it up.
I completely agree.
Often I feel in contention.
I don't feel fulfilled.
Perhaps if I had made better decisions in my younger life, I would be a greater man.
Jerry Daley walks away with his book and kind of denotes where he's going to be sitting.
Like, huh?
Well, I'm going to be right over here.
Oh, Clark, thank goodness you're here.
Hey, Mr. Fingerson.
Oh, please call me Gerald.
All right, Gerald.
No, no, no.
Good sir.
It is Gerald.
Oh, of course.
Extend that short O.
I always mess that up, Mr. Gerald.
That's very close.
We'll keep working on it.
It's only been, what, seven months that we've been practicing?
I'll get there one day, I'm sure.
Oh, I'm sure you will.
And what brings you here today?
Well, first of all, here.
My mom made these for you.
Oh my goodness, muffins.
If only I weren't gluten intolerant.
She always forgets, doesn't she?
Yes, she sure does.
I keep telling her you like muffins.
That's probably why.
I'll put these with the other batches.
So we see Clark and Gerald walking through the stacks, picking out books, and talking
about life, and then the phone in the contention public library begins to ring.
Ring, ring.
Ring, ring.
Thank you.
I was going to do that in post, but I think we don't need it anymore.
No, we're going to keep that.
No, that's-
And that's going to be the phone sound for the rest of the podcast.
All of the podcasts got that sweet, sweet sample.
You're welcome.
It will be used from here on out.
Yes.
Hello, this is Gerald.
Clark, Clark, get Clark.
Hurry.
Who may I ask is speaking?
Tell him.
Tell him he was already given the best letters.
You have to tell him.
Are we talking about-
Excuse me, are you still there?
He put his heart monitor on the line?
How very strange.
Clark, I believe you got a phone call.
He told you you have the best letters.
I've often liked the spelling of your name as well.
What do you think that means?
He sounded panicked, and then he screamed a little.
So you guys look outside the windows to the outside world.
The sun was still out, you know, late summer, and the sky turns, and it is dark before you
know it.
Like, it is not time for sunset, however, the sun is no longer shining over contention.
Oh, that precarious contention weather.
And you immediately see these figures start moving outside the windows, and you can't
make them out, but something is moving around outside the library.
And you kind of look over, and Gary Daley is just, you know, in his book, oh my, yeah.
You kind of look over, and you see the front doors, and you see this dark figure in the
darkness behind him, shrouded.
He's clearly wearing a cloak, and he is locking the doors of the library with a massive chain,
and he's locking you into the library.
As soon as he finishes, he turns and runs, and out of the windows, you see a bright flash
of light.
What do you guys do?
My God, what is happening?
Mr. Finkerson, did you see that?
Well, I sure did.
Let's go take a look.
Seems something's finally interesting is happening in contention.
Interesting is, I guess, one way to put it.
Yes, don't you worry, Clark.
I'm your mentor.
I will take care of this.
Okay.
And I go and stand very behind Mr. Finkerson.
All right, Mr. Finkerson.
All right.
So I go over and take a peek out of one of the windows.
Okay.
When you go over and take a peek out of the windows, I'm picturing...
Oh, also, real quick, what does Mr. Finkerson look like?
He looks like, let me try to think of a celebrity comparison.
Oh, we don't do that.
We don't do that here.
We don't do that here.
That's what all the other actual play podcasts do.
So we'd like to give a quick physical description using two to three descriptive words.
Okay, two to three, that's all I get?
Yeah.
Okay.
Sweater vest.
All right, you already used two.
No, that's a hyphenated word, if not just one complete word.
And if I only get one other word, bifocals, I was going to say like low on the bridge
of my nose.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
A sweater vest and bifocals that are low on the bridge of my nose.
He's also only 19, it's a weird choice in the voice.
As you look out the window...
Sweater vest but no shirt underneath.
Oh, that's a good look.
They tat it up.
Tribal tattoos going all the way down.
The glasses aren't even real, they're just like for to be trendy.
Are they transitions?
Oh, of course they are.
So we see, what's your fucking name?
Gerald.
Gerald.
I said it wrong.
Gerald.
Gerald.
So we see Gerald Fingersen looking out, creeping along and looking out this window and a young
Clark kind of peeking out from behind him and this massive, massive shadow moves right
out of frame and you actually see this man.
He's a very tall man wearing a black suit and he is sprinting away and following him
is this completely cloaked figure who is running after him into the darkness of the night.
That's happening outside the windows?
That's happening outside the window.
And it would have previously been like 2pm or something?
It would have previously been like 5.30pm, maybe even 6.
Do I recognize the man in the suit?
No.
Mr. Fingersen, do you know who that was?
I sure don't and there's only a population of...
Insert whatever you think the population of contention is.
I don't think we've ever talked about it.
So let's not.
We might need a whole lot more at some point.
Yeah, probably small.
Okay, how about this?
I do not, however, I only ever interact with people at the library, so it's pretty much
just you and now Mr. Daley.
Just geographically, would that guy have been, should he have been running from the library
or could he have been coming from somewhere else?
Geographically?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, they were coming from the library.
It looks like they ran through the wall and popped out the other side.
No, not quite.
No.
No, they're just running away from the library.
Okay.
But how far would you say they are?
20 yards.
Okay.
And then...
Take a shot, Mr. Fingersen, take a shot.
I pull out a big rifle.
They aren't even serpentining.
Dear boy, I'd like you to get behind the reference center.
I do believe I'm going to try to interact with them.
And then I go try to open a window.
When you open up the window, light actually comes back into the world and both figures
that you saw running away are no longer within sight.
However, based on how fast they were running and how far away they were and the flatness
of the land, you should still be able to see them, but you no longer can.
Okay, I'm going to go see if the lock is still on the door.
It is.
But it's lighter out now?
Yeah.
It's normal, but there's a lock on the door.
Clark pops his head up from behind the reference desk where he dutifully went and hid and sees
that it's kind of light out.
I want to look at Mr. Daley.
How's he acting?
Mr. Daley is sitting staring at this book and he looks at you and he's like, was there
a big cloud?
Maybe Mr. Daley.
It seemed pretty dark for a cloud though.
That was crazy.
I've read those occult books frontwards and backwards in my many years alone in the library
and I do believe that they have something to do with this.
Mr. Daley, I think we must have a sit and talk.
Okay, come on down.
We go on down.
All right, so we see, give me just a second.
I was going to do the Georgia booboo beep boop booboo.
There was an article that my favorite murder is the most listened to podcast in Missouri.
Is it really?
How interesting.
It's that and cereal and something else that they're all three of the things that my mom
listened to.
She was like, I'm bumping those numbers up, baby.
Well, I've almost finished all of my favorite murder in a short period of time.
They're good.
I've only listened to a handful, but I've always enjoyed them.
All right, well here, I'll show you what I was reading while, uh, when all that went
all dark and stuff, I was, I was looking at this page here, it says, uh, and casting her
eyes aside.
She saw- Mr. Daley, don't say it again.
What if it, what if it was the thing that did the thing and then you did it again?
Well then I guess it would get dark if you believe in that sort of thing, Clark, but
well, you know, you're a young boy, I suppose beliefs aren't that crazy for you.
Clark starts to kind of realize that he's being a little wimp and he's like, no, I mean,
of course, of course that's not what happened.
What are you, a little pussy?
Sorry.
Mr. Daley, do not talk to my son.
I mean my, my friend that way.
And casting her eyes aside, she saw a spirit lift up a cloth over lying over a pot looking
much like a ferret and it being asked of the examiner why the spirit did look upon
her, she said it was hungry.
This examiner being asked how she knew the names of Mother Bennet's spirits saith that
Tiffin, her spirit, did tell this examiner that she had two spirits and one of them was
like a black dog and the other was red like a lion and that their names were Sucken and
cleared and sayeth that Sucken did plague Biet's wife unto death and other plague three
of his beasts where of two of them died.
That voice is incredibly difficult to listen to.
Thankfully it's a small character.
I don't know what any of that means, but it sounded cool.
These spirits of a dog and a lion that made a, I don't think, I don't know if that has
anything to do with this, but that's pretty cool.
Clark is still trying to put on a brave face, but he is definitely peeking out the window
seeing if the sun's blinking out or anything.
Oh yeah, it's completely back to normal outside.
Nothing out of the ordinary.
Perhaps we should bury this deep inside ourselves and never talk about it again until we have
another encounter.
Yeah, I do think that's a real good idea there, Gerald.
Perhaps a formative experience will happen to you that will unveil this again.
Gerald, that's a really good point, Clark.
I think that if you guys think that this is going to, you know, affect me in some way
down the line, then I'm going to trust you older gentlemen.
Thank you for calling me a gentleman.
Same.
I don't know where to go from here.
Yeah, I think we're good in the library.
Cool.
Yeah, I think that was good.
I love that.
Is that an episode wrap on Taylor?
Well, yes, that is a wrap on Taylor.
You killed it.
I made it.
You fucking killed it.
Joe, when Clark turns the corner onto the street his house is on, his mind begins to
falter.
Your mind effectively breaks, shattering into different realities, and these different scenes
play out in front of you, but they're constantly changing like a television flipping through
the channels.
First, you see your house exactly as you know it.
Then it's on fire.
Next, the house is normal, but there are police officers and vehicles everywhere, and yellow
tape surrounds your home.
One after another, relentlessly, the scene changes around you.
There are a couple black sedans out front.
Now everything is normal again.
Now it's a wasteland.
Your surroundings continue to vacillate as you approach the door of your home.
A man in a suit hops out of a black sedan and hollers to get your attention as you open
your front door.
Inside is quiet.
Looking down the hallway, you notice something's off.
There are more wall decorations than normal.
Your reality breaks again.
Everything's back to the way it always has been.
You hear the sounds of Wheel of Fortune, but the sound of the wheel spinning just goes
and goes and goes, and you hear voices all around you and inside of you.
One says, well, we couldn't find the artifact, but we'll have to get the fuck out of here
because Karen did her goddamn magic trick again.
Your vision flickers back to your unacceptable reality.
In the hallway, there are not more pictures of a happy family, or of angels' wings, or
of Jesus.
Instead, suspended a couple feet off the ground as if they had been halfway quicksanded into
the wall, the parents of Clark Bishop, your parents, have become interior design.
Their knees jutting out into the hallway, their hands grasping out for life, their faces
contorted in anguish and disbelief.
A voice snaps you out of it.
We the jury, find the defendant and love.
You look up and see a cold, vacant woman smiling out from behind the thick, asymmetrical bangs
covering one of her eyes.
All you can remember about that day is how perfectly normal it all was.
How your house looked completely empty.
They weren't there anymore.
There was very little evidence in the trial, but the words of Anne Love's confession
haunt you as you try desperately to remember anything about that abhorrent day.
I did it, and I'd do it again.
It's X-Files.
It's like D&D, but it's like X-Files.
That's what I have to say to everybody when I describe this game.
I never think to use the X-Files analogy.
That's what I always say.
It's good.
Luke got it from me.
Speaking of the X-Files.
I always say that it's like true detective, but stupid.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
Wow, it literally sounded like you had a mouthful of vomit or something.
Dick.
Dude, I wish I had a mouthful of dick right now.
Dude, does anybody bring in any dicks to suck this weekend?
I think.
I think we're gonna suck Alex's dick all weekend.
Dude, honestly, I think if we're ever gonna get involved in a once in a lifetime gay orgy,
it's this weekend.
It's gonna be this weekend.
12 dudes.
And a lot of them are strangers to me, so I won't feel that embarrassed.
I'll never see them again.
And it ticks a few boxes.
And Alex is leading the party.
He's so drunk that he's not verbal again.
Alex would never do something like sleep with a stripper at his bachelor party.
His last hurrah of being single would be fucking 12 dudes.
11.
11.
Dude, it's gonna be fun and I hope that we all make it.
Yeah, I hope none of us drown in Lake of the Ozarks.
Yeah, we get arrested.
Or, yeah, I hope none of us get dragged by a cop underwater.
They slap cuffs on us and throw us in the water.
Oops.
Did that guy get fired?
You have the right to remain splashed.
No, like, nothing happened to that cop, right?
Nothing happened to that cop.
I didn't know this was a real thing.
They handcuffed a guy in a lake and he couldn't swim?
No, they handcuffed a guy, sat him on the side of the boat, and he fell backwards and
drowned.
Nobody got him.
Holy shit.
Holy shit.
Yeah, dude.
That's a big ol' oopsie.
I don't think the cops got disciplined, but the family is suing the fuck out of the city,
I'm pretty sure.
I mean, it's Keith's shit.
Like, straight up.
Straight up.
Hard.
That's us.
I want to say that he actually got charged with involuntary manslaughter or something.
Was it here?
Was it at Lake of the Ozarks?
Well, that's just a ticket in Missouri.
Yeah, that's not us.
Yeah.
50 bucks.
Duly noted.
I didn't mean to accidentally kill him.
Okay, give me one more puff and then I'm ready to boot this baby up and start playing my
Bean Boy.
You ready to boot-skootin' Biggie?
Also, I think we're going to...
Well, I'm good.
Okay, one last puff.
Can you do it?
Oh my god.
That's your third last puff.
I know.
Okay, so Agent Kennedy looks at you guys and she says,
Good luck.
And Kennedy and Billy Harrison turn around and walk out of the police station.
Before they do that...
I think they already did, though, in the last one.
They did, yeah.
Yeah, that was just, like, getting us back in.
Well, shit.
I mean, I don't think we just let him leave, though.
I'd be like, wait, what the fuck?
What is this number?
Who are you?
What are you talking about?
Please fill us in.
We're in what?
Should we just call the number right now?
None of this is helpful so far.
You've just added more mystery to our, like, horribly chaotic lives.
Yeah, how about you're too stunned by the recent revelations that have been brought
to your attention to say anything.
Well, but the only revelation brought to our attention is that there was a phone number.
She also confirmed that weird shit exists.
Yeah, weird shit is happening, but...
Yeah, like, super weird shit.
Like she is letting you hold onto a Nike bag that makes things disappear, and she was desperately
trying to get rid of a small silver sphere, and Billy Harrison, the bald guy from Charles
Donovan's trunk, is one of them, and, okay, how about this.
On the back of the paper with the phone number, it says, your job is to stop the incursion,
minimize exposure, save lives, and cover the whole thing up.
But the ink disappears after you read it, and on the other side, the phone number is
still there.
Okay, so you guys were talking at the end, and maybe I just missed this in the game.
Did you really say call this number in 48 hours?
With in.
With in, yeah.
Oh, with in.
They are gonna call us in 48 hours if we don't.
If we don't call them first.
Gotcha.
I thought it was call when you've completed.
That also.
Our job is to stop the incursion, minimize exposure, save lives, and cover the whole
thing up to save it from being exposed.
Cool, I'm glad you wrote that down.
Quick question, is there, when we spend luck, is there any way to get it back, or is this
just like our bank?
There is a way to get it back, and also, I haven't awarded any of you luck.
Have any of us used luck at all?
None of you have used.
I thought you did once.
No, no one.
I didn't, because I'm still at 60.
No one has used any luck so far.
We've rolled on it before, but we haven't spent any for it.
Exactly.
And so, let's go ahead and change the economy of luck at the beginning of this session.
I will award you all five luck.
Right now?
Yes, right now.
You all gain five luck.
I'm at 65.
That's four away from the cool number.
And only a math problem away from 420.
Yeah, I was trying to do that in my head when you made that joke.
Scott Aukerman wouldn't have it like that.
Rob Crockleman.
Is that even one, or did you just say syllables and ended it at three?
Harg-Barkerman.
I said Op-Crockleman.
That's not one.
No.
Nice.
So I'm rewarding you this luck for making it this far, I guess, in the plot and also
doing the cool stuff you do.
Now from here on out, I will say, if I don't award you luck, if you do something cool and
you think that you deserve luck, go ahead and call me out and be like, can I get some
luck for that?
Like a waiter demanding a tip.
Exactly.
Yeah, I did a really good job tonight.
I know there's only two of you, but I'm doing automatic gratuity.
20% is generous and customary, but I really think this was more of a 35 night.
I kind of knocked it out of the park with y'all.
Yeah, so that's allowed.
And also...
Okay, I think I deserve more luck.
Yeah, me too.
You don't.
I think I would have had a stronger case.
So from here on out, let's go ahead and do that.
And hopefully the luck economy can start changing more throughout.
I'm hoping not only will I try to put you in situations where maybe luck is more necessary,
that's just going to happen based on the story that we're playing.
And also keep doing cool stuff, keep role playing well, and you'll gain more luck.
Can we speculate and trade luck?
No.
Okay, well...
I'm going to short luck, Joe.
So it's not really an economy.
I think you're going to get luck tonight, okay?
I bet you 50 luck you get luck tonight.
But yeah, I bet you 10% of that luck that you will get luck.
I don't understand it.
So...
Why would he make that bet?
Yeah, like I give you luck if I'm lucky?
Yeah, and if you're not, then I give you a little bit of luck and you get some anyway.
Let's think about this later.
I have no idea where to start.
So we're all sitting, we're literally standing there in a stunned silence, and then we would
probably reiterate, so uh, what do you feel this like, that old man, that the world isn't
as we know it?
Probably got something to do with all the shit that we've seen recently.
She was talking about saving humanity, like that's some heavy shit.
That's super hero shit.
Isn't that why we became police officers?
To save humanity.
Why did you become a police officer, Keith?
Well, it seemed easy, and so far it's been pretty easy.
So the...
They didn't trust me to be a doctor.
The thing that I've devoted my life to, you got into because it was easy?
Yeah, yeah, pretty much.
Oh Keith.
I mean, I graduated, well, I wasn't the, I was in the class, yeah, I graduated at the,
in the class.
I wasn't the top of my class, but...
Well that's something.
Yeah, I graduated from the police academy.
I also love the movie police academy, that's one reason, cause I was hoping that I'd work
with somebody that could make cool noises.
What if you tried to bring that to the table yourself?
No, I'm not very good at it.
You could be the cool noises guy.
I don't really have any skills.
Try a helicopter.
That's it, Landy.
Just keep working.
Um, no.
Anyway, yeah, it's been super easy.
Oh yeah, it's been super easy.
It's been super easy.
It's been super easy.
It's been super easy.
It's been super easy.
It's been super easy.
Anyway, yeah, it's been super easy.
Oh yeah, the Delta...
Uh, fuck.
The mysterious organization.
So do you think we're dealing with some like X-Files type...
I'd say exactly like X-Files.
What's X-Files?
No, Clark would definitely know what X-Files is.
Like, like a fictionalized ancient aliens?
Okay, so we, we have no information about what she just said, but I feel like it makes
sense.
She asked us to stop the incursion.
Do you think the incursion could be that black oily goo we've been seeing?
It seems like exactly...
That could be it.
Yeah, that's, that seems like the incursion to me.
How do we stop it though?
We get a...
Dude, we should find out what this bag is made out of and make a big, big one and just
put it...
Over the town.
Over the town.
Like a dome.
Well, uh...
Like the Simpsons movie.
Me and John ran into this guy yesterday who was sucking it up in a vacuum and it seemed
to be working for a while there.
And yeah, it, it just worked.
Like a drive-back?
Yeah.
It kind of looked like just a hoo, it was, did it look like a Hoover?
I think you described it.
Like a wet-vac?
H-vac?
It was a, like a, yeah, like just a normal upright vacuum with a bag.
Yeah, it just looked like a normal upright vacuum with a bag.
It also had a hose, like a wand.
Should we put an alert out for all citizens to be at the ready?
Well, what about those gather their vacuums?
Didn't they mention something about a couple of kids missing?
I think that was unrelated.
Yeah, I don't know about that.
We were in the area.
Yeah, that's...
Was that not kind of where you guys were?
No, we'll probably have to investigate that when we get finished with all this stuff.
Okay, yeah.
They probably just ran away.
I know that we just got a lot of weird shit thrown at us, but we were going to go check
out the mill before, you know, the whole house explosion.
That can definitely be our next step.
Wait, weren't we all going to split up and go to, we had three different places we were
going to go to.
Yeah, at the end.
It was the mill?
We talked about that.
What was the other two places?
The mill, the church, because the church has a helmet.
The third place was investigating the chief's father, but that's the mill.
So he worked at the mill, so, okay, so we need to check out the helmet at the church
and the mill and the chief's father.
I feel like there was a third, a real third, third thing.
Were there any property crimes we needed to investigate?
Like any break-ins, random home?
What about the trashings?
Well, no, the hospital burnt down, but there's some of the hospital burnt.
Yeah, the hospital burnt down.
It's...
But we weren't going to do that.
While you guys are talking, you hear Drew's phone start ringing and he picks it up.
Drew, Andrew, Contingent Police Department, can you hold for a moment of silence for our
chief?
Oh, you have what?
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'll send them right over.
Uh, hey, officers, Gary Daley has information about the chief's house blowing up.
You guys would know that Gary Daley is the longtime partner of Harry Klinker and he's
also the owner operator of The Daily Pho.
The Daily Pho?
The Daily Pho?
Is that like a Korean or a Vietnamese newspaper?
Uh, no, it is a, uh, is The Daily Pho spelled D-A-L-Y, as in Gary Daley, and it is a pho
restaurant located in the northeast corner of downtown Contingent.
You'd know this place has been around for generations.
Damn.
Okay.
Let's, uh, I think we should not split up as long as possible.
Not yet.
No, yeah.
I still want you guys in here.
Yeah.
I'm kind of a lone wolf, but I'll stick with you guys for now.
We're going to head over to Gary.
Gary's.
Okay.
Yeah.
He's at his place of business in northeast downtown is where The Daily Pho sits.
When you guys walk in, there are lots of pictures hanging on the walls of the history of this
restaurant, including one very large picture of four generations of Daley's, a young Gary
Daley, his mother, grandmother, and great grandfather.
They had all owned and operated this restaurant at one time or another.
There are also a bunch of prints with black and white designs on them.
One is a circle with a star inside of it.
Inside that star is another star, and there are a couple of triangles, curved lines and
tiny circles as well.
Another is a tree branch with three twigs growing on one side and two twigs growing
on the other.
Another print is a black circle with six black dots surrounding it.
Another is a wonky question mark with lines, one curved and one straight jutting down from
the question marks dot.
And behind the counter comes walking an older man, but he dresses very hip.
He's wearing jeans cuffed halfway up his calves and a nice short-sleeve button down with tiny
cartoon bean sprouts printed all over it.
He walks up to you and immediately says, do you guys remember, you guys, hey officers,
hey, do you guys remember when I would help watch you down at clinkers when you were but
wee little fellas?
Sure do.
Absolutely, yeah.
Good to see you again.
Thanks.
All right, come on, come on back, come on back here.
And he, uh, and he starts walking back to a little office in the, in the back of the
daily pho.
Real quick, the symbols on the wall, were they like framed photos?
How what were they?
They're prints, right?
They're prints.
Okay.
Yeah.
So they were like, like on paper, just yeah, they were just framed prints.
Okay.
Pretty artsy.
Cool.
We're back in the office at this point.
I do want to have a room in my house someday where I've just got a bunch of fucking pictures
of prints.
And I'm like, Hey, do you guys want to come see all my, my framed prints?
Nice.
Okay.
So we're in his office, his office.
Yeah.
And he sits down behind a small desk.
I, there's a tiny desk on three.
Yes.
He begins singing for you.
Uh, what a beautiful lullaby Gary.
Just like it's like he used to sing to everybody.
Come on down.
We're at the daily fall.
You got to get your fall.
And um, I remember those commercials and didn't run too long.
So thanks for calling Gary.
There's a, there's in the office, there's one chair on the other side of the desk.
So I don't know if somebody wants to sit down or if you guys are all standing.
My feet hurt.
So I'm going to sit down.
I stay standing.
Yeah.
John says, okay.
He says, uh, so it's, uh, it's kind of an embarrassing story, but, uh, I, I heard that
all, uh, Harold Dorsey was in town from the city and you know, he's got a pretty popular
blog these days and I wanted him to write a blog post about the daily fuss.
So I wasn't, I wouldn't call it stalking, but I was kind of following him around town
when I realized where he was.
And uh, I followed him over to the, to the chief's house.
Uh, didn't realize it was, it was that house at the time, but, uh, we saw, uh, I, I guess
I was watching him watch, uh, the, there's a, the chief's car pulled up and the chief
and uh, James, you know, James and uh, another guy got out.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
James.
He's a mononym.
Yeah.
He's just James.
He works at the mill.
He lives over in the suburbs.
You guys don't know James.
He's a cool guy.
He was a cool guy.
Right.
What do you, what do you mean?
We don't talk about ongoing investigation.
Just go ahead and finish your story.
Then we'll forget about it.
Okay.
Well, uh, yeah, no, we saw the, uh, that other guy, I didn't recognize him, but he had the
chief and uh, and James at gunpoint and he was walking him into the house.
I thought that was really scary.
But then, you know, Dorsey, Dorsey left pretty quickly and I kept following him cause I wanted
that blog written.
And so he went to the police department and then I guess he went and picked up Drew and
they, they went back to the chief's house and so Drew was with him the second time.
That's his name, right?
The guy, your little fellow who works down there, he's Drew.
Cool.
Yeah.
Hey Gary.
So at gunpoint, how did chief look?
Did she, did she look scared?
Did she look like she'd been hurt previously?
I didn't really get a great view of it honestly, but uh, yeah, I mean, you know, she, she didn't
look herself.
That's for sure.
You know, she, she wasn't, she wasn't standing tall and proud like, like chief cook would,
you know?
Yeah, no, her and James got walked in there and you know, I was pretty scared, but I wanted
to follow Dorsey and see where he went next.
You know?
He followed him instead of calling in to the police.
Well he was going, I mean, he was going to the police.
I guess I didn't know that at the time, but I was pretty flustered, you know, it was a
crazy situation.
Gary, I've known you for a long time, man, you know I love you, but you had to have made
that call, man.
I'm sorry.
You know, the past is the past though and we got to move forward.
It just seems like maybe, obviously you're not directly responsible for anyone's demise,
but John Lee Pettymore has definitely seen it that way.
I mean, he looks really sad when you question him on it and he's like, I know, I'm sorry.
I mean, I certainly didn't expect the chief's house to up and explode on us.
That's certainly not what I expected to be the next course of action.
But you saw a person held at gunpoint.
That's not, you don't see that every day.
That's you got to say something when you see something.
I was scared.
Can you, can you give me a description of that other guy?
Which one?
The one that held him at gunpoint?
I mean, he was just a guy, you know, he was wearing all black.
I couldn't really get much on him.
I didn't recognize him, but was he, was he fat?
No, he was pretty fat.
Wait, I have a question.
Did we ever send, did we ever get any like of the dental record stuff figured out?
Did we send that off?
That was, I think our third thing we were going to try and that's what I was just thinking.
Okay.
And then you also, you mentioned Harold had a, had a blog.
Do you remember the name of that blog or the address for it?
Well, when you look up Harold Dorsey, you know, you, you'll find his blog.
I think it's called, uh, what's behind Dorsey BAM.
That's it.
It's called what's behind dorsey.com dot blog, spot.com.
So is Dorsey spelled like his name or like Dorsey name D O R S C Y.
Yeah, that guy's super duper clever.
I wish I could be like him.
Yeah.
He's a, he's real smart.
He was.
He's also a great writer.
I mean, he worked in the city for a long time.
So did you follow, you followed him to the police station and then you followed them
back to the house?
Yeah.
And then what?
Well, they went in there and I, I hung out for a little while, but then it got late and
I had to go help close.
So I just left and uh, came back here.
Could you guess how long you waited?
How long they were in there?
Oh, I only waited like 15 minutes.
I wasn't, you know, I wanted, you know, him to write something, but I figured I could
always, you know, catch him the next day.
Maybe if he stayed in town, it was pretty late already at that point.
So I figured he was going to stick around.
About what time was that?
I don't know.
It was around 1am maybe.
I don't know.
Okay.
No, it was later than that.
Now I can't remember, but they were having some trouble closing down here.
And so it was, it was around insert time.
Yeah, no joke.
Uh, wait, what time did I get there?
Like two.
That's why he's having trouble placing it.
I think it was like around two o'clock, but I don't because our stakeout was at one o'clock.
I was there from one 30 to one 45 am.
Exactly.
Thank you.
Thank you, Gary.
I time myself in all my endeavors.
So they pulled up in Maggie's car, all of all three of them.
Yeah, I think so.
Who was driving?
I think it was, I think it was the chief and they were in her cruiser.
Yeah.
Well they were in her.
Uh, yeah, they were in her car, her police cruiser.
Is that what you said?
Yeah.
Is there something?
This is Joe asking you guys, is there a better question we can ask to get more information
about the gunman?
I don't know.
I was trying to lead him with the fat and I was going to keep going, but all I remember
was he was fat and dead.
I mean, we were assuming it's the guy at the table.
I, yeah, I don't.
I just wondered if there was a way we could get even more because the guy at the table
was the one eating Maggie's foot and his, was it his, it was his own foot that was cut
off.
Right?
You, you have no idea.
I mean, he was missing a foot.
His foot was missing.
Her foot was missing and there are two feet in the, yeah, so I figured we can't jump to
any conclusions.
It's a good pun.
Two people can't.
Did the, did the gunman have any like tattoos or scars?
Oh yeah, he had a big scar.
He's all covered up by a giant tattoo.
His whole face was missing.
His whole face was scarred up.
Across his forehead it said Jerry, Jerry Pinkerton.
His whole face was scarred up.
Was it?
Oh yeah.
Yeah, no, actually he did.
He had a pretty big scar over, over one eye.
How about that?
That seems like a prominent feature that could help you.
Keith is trying to remember super hard whether or not the guy at the table had a scar over
his eye.
You would remember that he was not overweight.
He was not overweight.
Oh, that's the one thing I thought I knew.
I thought he was.
I thought he was a fat guy.
The one descriptor I think that was used to describe the guy hunched over was he was unkempt.
Fuck.
Unkempt.
Yeah.
Unkempt.
So this guy was fat and had a scar on his eye.
Yeah.
Was he tall or short?
He was kind of shortish.
Okay, so short, overweight, had a scar on his, which eye?
The one on my side.
So the right?
Sure.
So how many people did you, you saw, he saw him taking Maggie and who at gunpoint?
James.
Oh yeah.
The mononym to James.
So was-
He's a crazy fella.
He was wearing all sorts of, he was wearing one of those white over, over, what are they
called?
It's the stuff that you wear when you don't want stuff on your clothes.
Overall?
Coveralls.
James was wearing white coveralls.
Yeah.
Um.
And then, so was Dorsey already in the house?
I guess.
I don't know.
You were following him though.
Oh yeah.
No, they weren't in the house yet.
No.
When we saw those people, Dorsey was just watching as well.
That's before he went to the police station.
So Dorsey was not in the house before he went to the police station?
Correct.
Does Clark know James?
Uh, no.
Can you tell me more about James?
What'd he look like?
Oh he had like, his hair was going all over the place and he was wearing those white coveralls.
You seem to know a lot about him though, do you know if he and the chief were friends?
I never saw him together.
Uh, James, he moved to town not that long ago and well, it was probably a couple years
ago but that's, you know, pretty new kid in town for around here in contention.
How old of a guy is he?
James?
Yeah.
Well I don't know, he's middle aged or so.
Maybe a little younger.
Very helpful, Gary.
He's a little younger than middle aged.
38.
Seems right.
Gary, not to digress, what, those prints you have in your restaurant, do those have
any special meaning to you?
Are you, I mean, I, yeah, they're fun, I mean, you know, I'm really into like magics and
stuff like left hand, right hand path stuff, so.
Magic stuff?
Well, you know, just like fun, like a cult-y type stuff, I'm like pretty into that kind
of thing.
I used to be more into it, but.
How much do you know about all that?
I mean, I read a fair amount, I'm like really into that kind of stuff.
It's really, I don't know, it's like, it's fun to think that maybe there's more to the
world than there is, but, you know.
Do you believe it or is it just like a fantasy kind of thing?
Well, I mean, it's just like being into sports or anything else, you know, it's like, oh,
that's fun.
If we had a bunch of questions, hypothetically, about a cult-y type stuff, you think you might
know information that could shed some light on those things?
Well, I've read quite a bit, I could probably point you in the right direction.
Right on.
Good to know, good to know.
What do those symbols mean?
What do they symbolize?
Which one?
All of them.
The one with the dark circle with the circle, the other dots around it.
What's that one?
What if we go in order?
All right, I mean, yeah, sure, why not?
The one with the circle with the other circles around it is, it's this old ancient sign for
this weird group that used to exist, maybe, I don't know, have you ever, I forget, it's
like this group that tries to like keep the world together kind of thing.
What are they called?
They're called the circle of knowledge.
How many people were in it?
Oh, I don't know.
I mean, it's probably not real.
It's like the Illuminati.
Okay.
How about the one with the tree branches?
Oh, I don't know much about that one.
That's just, it was on a bunch of old texts that I've seen around before and I always
liked it.
I thought it was real pretty.
Seen around where?
Oh, at different museums and different libraries and such.
And in relation to any particular culture or across many cultures and times.
Seems like probably the latter.
And then there's one that's like some stars and some swirls and some triangles.
Oh yeah, that one's just like a fun take on like the chaoticness of the universe.
Has my voice changed during this conversation?
It's it's no more than usual.
It's consistent enough.
Yeah.
I'm not like, Whoa man, who am I talking to?
All right, cool.
Yeah, no, as long as you know, it's me, Gary.
Wait, were there four?
How about the weird question mark one?
Oh, that one's about a land unknown.
Do you know anything about it?
Officer Vigna, why would you ask me such a silly question?
I'm just goofing.
You're funny.
New boot goofing.
A land unknown.
Well, that's, that's mysterious.
Can you tell us more about the circle of knowledge?
I mean, all I really know about it is like, maybe there's like one person in the middle
and then maybe six people underneath that person and they hold the knowledge of the
universe or something like that.
I don't know.
It seems cool though.
It's a pretty sweet design.
You seem, you seem a little casual about all these, but you've, you've taken the trouble
to get these nice prints made and had them put up in your restaurant.
Oh yeah.
I'm a fan.
If we, so you, you put these up though.
They haven't been, how long have they been in the restaurant for?
I put them up 30 years ago.
Okay.
The pho restaurant when your great grandfather had it.
Yeah.
The daily pho.
It's been called that since my great grandfather started it.
Do you know how he got around contentions, extremely strict obscenity loss?
Yeah.
One continent.
There you go.
All right.
Okay, Gary.
Well, do you guys have anything else for him or you haven't seen James today at all?
Have you?
No.
Where do you think we, do you have James's number or any contact information for him?
I'm pretty sure he lives over in the suburbs, but I don't know.
Do you have an exact address or do you have a phone book perhaps?
Uh, yeah, I've got a phone book.
All businesses have a phone book.
That's what I figured.
Throw that phone book over here.
Let me.
He throws the book at you.
I, it hits, it hits me.
Get it?
Oh, ha ha.
You're in jail man.
Like a, like a police officer.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well.
Would do.
Yeah.
Okay.
I flip through the phone book.
Oh shit.
His name is James.
How do I find this guy?
It's a monitor.
I'm looking for the only guy named just James.
Okay.
I'm looking, I go to the J's and I start looking for just James.
When you go through the phone book, you do find a person, last name, James, comma, just.
Let me, I'm going to ring him up.
Oh, there's no phone number.
There's just an address.
Okay.
I write the address down.
That's the only, there's not any that is just the single James.
Actually three James mononyms.
Yeah.
Let me go to M and look up mononym.
James.
Yeah.
Is there any, any luck with that?
Roll luck.
James, James, James, and cool James.
That's a crit fail.
Yeah.
There's nothing there.
The phone book catches fire.
Okay.
Well, uh, he gets angry at you.
He's like, get out of my restaurant.
So I have the address for just James, but we know he works at the mill and we also have
business.
You guys want to go to the mill?
Yeah, I do.
But Gary, you know that circle of knowledge thing.
That's a cool idea.
Do you know of any of anything around today that might still carry on that mission?
Well, it said that the circle of knowledge is all inclusive and all seeing and all abroad
the stores of America and across the world itself.
So yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Well definitely.
I mean, it seems like trying to think, nope, we're good.
Appreciate it.
Thanks.
Uh, do you guys want any pho?
I was just about to say, we just had, we just had breakfast.
I just watched Keith eat a big old mess of beans.
So many beans.
I can back some noodles up to go with some broth.
I've been thinking about calling him beans.
Did he like beans as a baby?
This one?
No, he liked cut up hot dogs.
Oh, good.
Pull.
Was that from earlier?
That was like episode one.
That's all he ate.
Ever.
He's the pinky cedar I'd ever seen.
Or maybe the least picky.
How am I, the only one trying to pull over, how am I, the only one trying to pull over,
How can you have enough drowning out all the notes?
There's nobody home, nobody home, nobody home.
