What is up, my babies?
It is your trustworthy radio DJ father figure and confidant, Wolf the Dog,
and I am here to deliver you the newest of news on the newest and only radio station here in contention.
That is right. You are tuned into 694.2. PTBP.
And I am wet. My love of trash is strong. And I am covered in grease.
You love that, listener. You love it.
And I love this community. A community so trusting and smart,
we decided to build a delta green scenario through prompt-based writing contests.
I, Wolf the Dog, am now announcing the winner of the first writing contest.
Drumroll, please. The winner is...
Congratulations, you.
In the second writing prompt, we will be creating the setting for this scenario.
Join us over at reddit.com slash pretending pod.
Thank you, trusted listeners and friends.
Fuck Mark Zuckerberg.
Fuck Mark Zuckerberg.
Fuck Mark Zuckerberg.
It is the news.
Silas Cole is the best thing that has ever happened to the small, unfortunate town of contention.
You all should give him the respect he deserves.
And do not question his decisions.
The townsfolk who are going missing are not missed.
Maybe they even deserved it.
Trust in Silas Cole.
He gave you lights.
And he is now moving your hair around in a pleasant fashion.
Why would you not trust a man like that?
And now, vocal and instrumental sounds combined in such a way as to produce beauty of form, harmony, and expression of emotion.
It is the creek rocks with canteen you hear them wolves they howl in.
Can't you hear them wolves howling all around my poor little darling.
All around my poor little darling I'm afraid they'll get my darling.
Can't you hear them wolves howling all around my poor little darling.
All around my poor little darling I'm afraid they'll get my darling.
Can't you hear them wolves howling all around my poor little darling.
All around my poor little darling I'm afraid they'll get my darling.
I was doing some research on hand washing during the old western times.
And just like throughout history in general.
And there's a sentence that I want to read to you guys that stuck out to me.
Though perhaps lesser known, an important pioneer of hand washing was the Vienna based Hungarian obstetrician Ignaz Semmelweis.
Who was alive from 1818 to 1865.
Who realized that laboring women caught perpetual fever from doctors who went straight from the morgue to the delivery room.
Oh no.
No.
Is that real?
They had some crazy fetishes.
It's a good observation Ignaz.
Yeah good job that he was the one that picked up on that.
Oh no I don't think anyone believed him.
They probably stoned him to death outside somewhere.
You mean I gotta wash him after I touch the body? Why?
Then all the juice will be gone.
The dead guy juice is good for the baby's immuno-system.
Immuno-systems.
Yeah. Life ends and life begins.
Well you want to smear a little bit of wisdom on the baby's head.
And say Simba.
You can't breathe water. What if I wash my hands and then touch my face and drown?
Listen. There's probably another study that proves that babies who weren't touched by the hands of a man who had been groping a corpse aren't as successful in life.
So...
I've read those studies.
Yeah I've made them and I've read them.
I wrote the studies and I read them all the time.
For what?
For fun.
For funsies?
For funsies.
For funsies my medical journal that I write.
Which is called For Funsies.
If you had to be a doctor what kind of doctor would you be?
Pussy.
Oh my god.
Is that the medical term?
Yeah.
I don't know. I'm not a...
I'm not a pussy doctor.
I'm not a pussy doctor.
Thomas Cox PD.
Don't you mean PhD?
No.
No? What?
I'd go Cox South.
Cox South.
Ball doctor.
Ball doctor.
Urologist probably.
A pee-pee doctor.
You don't pee out your balls Luke.
Yeah but it's close.
That's where it's stored though.
We're all very good at science.
Zack even a first grader knows that.
That's your pee Zack.
I'm a doctor Zack.
Pee-pee.
And I am here since.
Excuse me what did you say?
Pee-pee.
Pee-pee.
That's what I studied in medical school.
I'm a physical penologist.
A penologist.
I'm a penologist.
I can tune pianos and I can look at your pee-pee.
Well I think I'm a piano doctor.
What is it? You have to have 10,000 hours to be a master?
Yeah.
Yeah you have all kinds.
I'm a 30 times master.
You can be a man in what? A week?
How many hours are in a week?
Five hundred twenty-five thousand.
Five thousand six hundred.
Five hundred twenty-five thousand six hundred hours.
That's how long it takes to get good at pee-pee doctoring.
You can take that out.
I'm not gonna now.
But he won't now.
You never do it Thomas so I know you won't do it for anyone else.
Is Dr. Pimple Popper, is she a dermatologist?
That's what I would be.
Wait do you like that shit?
Dude I love that shit.
You wanna like fuck with cysts and shits?
Yeah cut them out.
Do you do it to other people? Like are you into that?
Yeah I have. I like doing them on myself.
I admit I like popping my own pimples and stuff like that.
But I don't like seeing it on somebody else.
I don't like pimple popping videos.
Yeah me either.
I'm a proud subscriber of the popping subreddit.
But that's about something else right?
Nope.
We should compare each other's subreddits sometimes.
Mine's extremely boring.
Yeah mine's super boring.
Mine's probably pretty boring too but I bet there would be interesting things we'd find.
Like subreddits we didn't know about.
We got 13 or 30.
Wait what?
13 or 30 it's pictures of people that could be 13 or 30.
I follow that one yeah.
Abrupt Chaos is a pretty good one.
Aged Like Milk is a pretty good one.
I like that one too.
Are yours just like being mean to weird people?
Yeah.
Do you have any like not?
Yeah how many like science, arts, and culture subreddits do you follow?
I follow Animals Being Derps.
Ate the Onion is always a good one.
That one's too depressing for me.
I only follow two subreddits.
Awful Taste but Great Execution and Male Fashion.
Those are the only two.
That's all you need really. It balances you out.
Sometimes I can't tell the difference.
What was it? Awful Taste but Great Execution?
Oh I remember is that where you sent us the weird like McDonald's shoes or whatever?
Oh yeah those were actually dope though.
Yeah the best part is like people arguing about whether or not the thing is actually awesome.
I follow the Pretending to be People subreddit where I issue fan theories.
Will not be silenced.
I follow the Kanye subreddit and the top post right now is
That's Enough Mr. West Please No More Today.
Posted right after that Harriet Tubman shit.
Did you see that?
Oh no.
Yeah.
That was bad.
It's a sad story of mental illness that is a true bummer.
But you know when he gets real bad that he's got an album coming out soon.
Yeah but he hasn't put out good music since Yeezus.
Alright so.
That's not true. Life of Pablo was fucking dope.
Oh I thought.
Don't Refute the Gym Luke.
Yeah.
Well I love Kanye West.
His word is law.
It's the Wild West there aren't anyone else.
It sounded like you called him Kanye West.
Kanye West.
Is that not how you say it?
It's just like a 65 year old white woman doing karaoke to Kanye.
Yeah.
I'd watch that.
I'm trying to think of like the funniest.
The funniest lines of Kanye West that the old white woman could do.
Yeah you probably shouldn't say those so let's dig in here.
Let's gold dig in here to the Old West.
Yeehaw.
Yeehaw.
I'm trying to say that once per episode.
Root and toot and shootin.
Yeehaw.
Hold on before we start.
Cause we haven't gone long enough before we started.
Yeah people love this.
How many times do you think people actually said Yeehaw back in the day?
Well let's find out.
I'm googling.
Two million five hundred and forty thousand three hundred and eighty.
It meant hello and goodbye.
Oh.
So yeah all the time.
Yeehaw means family.
God I want a tattoo that says Yeehaw means family on my back.
And it's stitched with a cowboy hat and boots.
Just now?
Oh no.
Should we all stop?
One two three five six seven.
That was cool we kind of had like a clip clap.
Like horses hooves on the ground right outside of the church here in the 1880 somethings in contention.
Who's on a horse?
You know Jack Pearlman's on a horse come on.
I'm on a horse.
Come on hey mister.
Everett did not bring his horse into town.
He walked in.
I'd like to think that Everett has a very small donkey he rides on.
Can we make that happen?
I'm not going to play unless it's a talking raccoon.
Jesus.
That's a throwback for just the group.
Inside jokes are great for podcasts.
But that did actually happen we had a player say that.
Yeah and Delta Green.
So she was a talking raccoon.
So how do we get out of this?
What kind of horse are you riding Jack?
That is the good question.
I think we established between me and Zach it's a big old brown good solid like work horse.
Not like an agile like racing horse like this one can like carry a wagon around.
Very sturdy beautiful horse named Jeremiah whom I love and I think Jack also loves.
Ephraim has a big brown and white Clydesdale named hey mister.
H-A-Y mister.
Love it.
Love it.
I think that's the horse maybe I have too is the Clydesdale the weird like.
Budweiser horse.
Yeah the Clydesdale is the one you can use in Red Dead but that you would absolutely never ever ride in real life.
Right.
Oh.
They're too majestic.
But mine I'm such a big guy that I've got to have a big old horse.
Okay I don't have that guy I just got a big fun horse.
I'll write that down.
Can you write that down so we don't forget.
Big fun horse.
Big fun horse Jeremiah.
Professor Horace Green did you ride in town?
Yeah he rents a horse from the local livery stable.
Horcery.
Uh huh.
Yeah he's got whatever horse they gave him today.
I'm seated on my horse and I look over at Horace.
Is that animal sick?
It sounds a little hoarse.
Gosh.
And Ephraim slaps his knee and laughs to himself.
God damn it Ephraim.
It's just no it's just a standard American quarter horse and I think it's in fine health.
It was a joke.
I don't follow.
It sounds hoarse.
It's a horse.
Yeah yeah.
Well uh we had a plan to do something right?
Yeah I reckon we were gonna head over there.
And I point to the midpoint between the cemetery and my place.
We were thinking we were gonna see if she dropped off those bodies somewhere.
Are you uh you just walking?
I mean I'll be way behind you guys if I do a walk.
Perhaps you should perhaps you should hop on the back of this man's gigantic Clydesdale
here.
Bobby Custard speaks up and is like.
Would you be okay with with Everett hopping on the back of yours if not you know Everett
Everett there's a good place right here on the back of old Bucky.
Bucky looks like a good place for you to ride and Bucky is a gorgeous black horse.
If you're offering space on Bucky there I'll take it.
And as Everett Pace hops up onto Bucky.
It's it's kind of a slow arduous process.
His old rickety bones getting up there.
I used to be able to ride all over this countryside but now it's hard to get up on.
That's why I keep the donkey at my place.
It's easier to get up on.
It's a little shorter you know.
And a sheepish young girl is approaching as Everett Pace is trying to get up and you all
would know her.
Her name is Elizabeth Connor.
She lives in contention and Judge Cortland you would remember her as a friend of your
deceased daughter.
What's sheepish about her?
Is she like furry?
Woolly.
No when she opens her mouth she's just like.
She has a Serta mattress.
Yeah one of the Serta sheep comes bouncing up to you.
And I won't play if I can't be that Serta sheep.
How close is she to us?
She's approaching right now and she is walking up behind Everett.
Hi there folks.
Hey Lizzie.
Oh hi there Judge Cortland.
It's good to see you.
I don't reckon I didn't mean to cause nothing but.
Speak up.
And she walks right over to Cortland and is.
Yeah I didn't want to say anything with Mr. Cole around.
But this morning I overheard Mr. and Mrs. Cole there arguing something loud and fiery.
And I did hear they were screaming about copper wire.
I heard them talking about it.
Yeah he had some copper wire for those fans but I think it's got something to do with
my copper wire.
Well I heard him yell and he was real angry that she took some.
She took some?
Why did she take some?
I reckon I don't have any sort of idea.
I was just fetching some water and happened over here and when you came in Judge screaming
and hollering about how your copper wire had been done taking.
I thought maybe.
I mean I would hate to think that of the Coles.
I don't know.
I don't trust any of them.
He's always seemed a little off to me.
We don't agree about much but on this we definitely do.
Creepy little fella.
I don't trust a man with pants that big.
Never can never should.
And Elizabeth's father hollers for her.
I better be long now.
I just wanted to pass that on to you.
Do with it what you will I suppose.
Thanks for the heads up Lizzie.
And with that she's gone and during that entire conversation Everett Pace was just.
Now we got you.
Okay now you're back on here.
Okay and just don't hold on too tight there.
Yep.
Okay.
Now I think maybe and the crowd is leaving.
They kind of do that thing that big crowds do where they're congregating like a congregation
in front of the church.
So they're all like saying their goodbyes but it's taking them a while to leave and
Custard.
Alright yeah maybe let's just take a.
What?
Hey.
That's what horses are.
Custard delete this if it turns out I asked you about this last time but do you know anything
about a local gambler named Thomas?
Oh yes actually Thomas was the one in there that disappeared back.
Oh six days ago?
Well that's right Judge the young lady who just spoke to us mentioned that she overheard
the woman she was referring to having having an argument with Miss with Mr. Cole.
I also I overheard some of the minors mentioning that Thomas had had gotten in a terrible conflagration
with Mr. Cole that they had argued fiercely shortly before his disappearance.
I don't know if that's any help to the mystery but there it is.
Luke can you hear Thomas?
It was very roboty.
Shit really?
Yeah I was having trouble understanding some of it.
I could hear I could like understand what you're saying but.
It sounds like you're talking into a big fan with how roboty it is.
Still?
Yeah.
Maybe leave the Zoom call and hop on back in.
Yeah that whole time he was talking I was like well I can kind of get it I don't know
if we're gonna interrupt and say anything but.
I was having trouble following.
Hello?
Hey.
How is it?
Still roboty?
Still bad.
Damn it I was saving that burp for when I talk next time but I'll get another one.
Rick and Morty style.
Save up all the burps for when you speak.
Yeah.
Hey Zach what's that shirt you got on?
I've never seen it before.
I only have like four shirts that I like.
Same.
I ain't clear this some bitchin' closet on out.
Get me some proper western attire so I can get in character.
I show up in like a full cowboy garb for the next episode.
That would have been fun.
We should start doing costumes for the Patreon.
Hell yeah.
Me and Joe can just wear our weird luchador masks.
We play luchadors in every single one shot from here on out.
It's the only silly mask I have.
There is a worldwide wrestling RPG that looks fucking hilarious.
I could be George W. Bush.
I have a mask of that.
Oh man you should have just been GW for this one.
Okay so am I still a robot?
Yeah.
Yeah.
How about now?
Still fan.
Very roboty.
Okay I'm gonna restart.
I think it's worse if that helps you at all.
I'm stopping my audacity track.
Okay.
Pause.
Yeah let's all just pause it.
Five, six, seven.
So that's all I know about Thomas.
Does anybody know?
Go ahead and run it back.
I think we got a pretty good one.
Oh I'm sure we did but they didn't hear you.
They didn't understand you.
Oh all that gotcha.
Yes well the gist of it is that I overheard some of the miners talking about Thomas and
Mr. Cole getting in a terrible argument shortly before his disappearance.
And apparently he'd made some kind of great discovery down there.
I'm not sure what it was.
Thomas had made the discovery or Cole had?
Cole makes discoveries every day.
Thomas found something in Mr. Cole's mine.
What was it?
A goo.
Like oil?
Do you strike oil?
Living oil.
That sounds like a bit crazy if you ask me.
I'm a man of science and I have seen many things.
You think maybe they hit like a gas leak or something down there making him feel a little
wacky?
Judge with all due respect, is there a gas leak in your own home?
Why do you do the things you do?
He's just got his mouth open unsure how to respond.
I like this science guy a lot.
Now I don't know much about science and about living goo but I know that you did just roast
this man's beans and for that I do applaud you.
Now maybe we should be off instead of talking about hypotheticals of living slime and whatnot.
Sounds too goofy to me.
Yes, I completely agree unless there's anything else that people aren't telling each other
that might help us solve this case on the way there.
I know this is of limited interest to the rest of you but I would like it to be established
scientifically and for all posterity from now in the 1880s that this is a goo.
It's called a goo.
I reckon I like that a whole lot.
We'll name it after young Thomas.
Thomas goo?
You want to call it the Thomas goo, huh?
Thomas goo.
No, no, no, no.
Bottle that up.
Thomas's goo?
Of course it will have a name in Latin that will roughly translate to Thomas's goo.
Does anyone here know Latin?
I actually do, but it would be above you.
You wouldn't understand it.
You say I just hear static.
I'm just sure of it.
What's static?
Oh, uh, well see Silas Cole found out about electricity and sometimes it makes a weird
zzzz noise.
Ah, I know some Latin.
I know habeas corpus.
I don't, I don't think you do.
Tell me, go ahead and tell the class what habeas corpus means, Ephraim.
Well, speaking of habeas corpus, don't we got some corpuses to find?
Let's go.
General natural world for those of you who have natural world.
Oh shit, I got to find my character sheet.
18 on a 40.
It's a one.
I passed with a one.
Hell yeah.
Oh, holy shit.
Nice.
Where are the, I have my character sheet pulled up and I can't find it.
There's too many fucking.
Oh no, I restarted.
God damn it.
Oh, thank God.
I still have it.
Let's get all these things back up.
Apologies.
Apologies.
Y'all need not roll.
Okay.
We got a one Everett pace.
Looking up into the sky, you see three vultures circling about a half mile down the road and
right down there, there's a row of homes.
Uh, just a little, uh, early idea of a suburb happening down here on the west side of contention.
You can just hear these vultures.
The vultures are barking?
Yeah, a little bit.
To seemingly no one, Horace Green pipes up and says, actually, the concept of the suburb
dates to the Roman times.
Uh, meaning it comes from suburbus, meaning beyond the city.
Oh, is that Latin?
What?
I'm sorry.
I was just thinking out loud.
And Everett, you would know that that is the sound vultures make.
Uh, you just, just like in general, I looked it up.
Hey, listen here fellas, them vultures, there's three of them up there.
They're barking.
I've had vultures follow me around before.
Uh, usually take a shower, bath after that, but I've heard them bark.
Don't you figure for, uh, if we're looking for bodies, there's a good chance that, uh,
they're circling a body.
I mean, might as well check there.
I think that's a wonderful observation Everett.
That's a good start Everett.
Thanks everyone.
You're welcome.
We all love you and cherish you.
Which is exactly what Joe had in mind with this character.
Horace Green has never heard another man speak that way to a man, much less heard a
man get that kind of positive affirmation in his life at this point in the 1880s.
So sad.
He doesn't know what to do with it, but he feels, he feels all of a sudden like something's
missing that he didn't know about before.
Oh no.
Maybe it'll help him grow to become a better man.
He mutters, does the patriarchy hurt men too?
Jesus Christ.
As we approach and get closer, I want to pull my gun out and try to shoot one of the buzzers.
Okay.
Everyone roll animal handling except for the judge who does this so often that his horse
is used to it.
Totally used to it.
I don't think I passed.
I think you got to roll it for me.
I'm not, I'm not controlling this bad boy.
How about you roll it for me?
Oh.
Could I roll ride?
Either way, I failed hard.
Yeah, same.
I rolled a 92.
I failed.
I failed hard as well.
Oh no.
What?
I put all my points into drive wagon thinking I could just drive us around in a wagon.
Your sick party wagon.
I should have.
Science party wagon.
Well, I figured he went out to his dinosaurs bones every day with a little, with a little
wagon.
So horse green is leading you guys in this wagon that you're all sitting in the back
of.
Look over there vultures.
Thankfully Everett sitting right up front.
He notices he's um, no, this, this sucks.
Uh, so as soon as, uh, firearms.
Oh yes.
Absolutely.
Oh, please don't quit failure.
Firearms are all that you didn't have to roll a second.
15 on a 50.
Ooh, that's a dead bird.
Do you want to describe it as we're riding up?
I pull my gun out and ate all my bacon last night and pop, shoot a, shoot a vulture and
the vulture, uh, shrieks except for they don't shrink.
They bark.
It's just like, and it turns over and immediately begins falling to the ground and the other
two begin circling just a little bit lower.
The horses.
Let's see.
We got Bucky.
We got Jeremiah.
Thank you.
Yeah, we got Bucky.
We got Jeremiah and then the rental, his name's hurts.
So you guys can push this role if you would like, uh, on either ride or animal handling
in order to try to basically at the apex of this horse trying to knock you off, you can
push the role to try something a little bit different to hold on tight and regain control.
However, if you fail that role, it'll be a crit fail.
The screen doesn't have time to push.
He just gets bucked straight off the back of the horse and is suddenly on his backside.
Jack Pearlman tries to, to emotionally and mentally connect with his best friend, Jeremiah,
the horse, and like hugs really tightly to its neck and tries to whisper into its ear
to calm down Jeremiah.
It's just me now.
Okay.
Did you put points into horse whispering?
Hell yeah.
Natural world, baby.
I pa- uh, 58 on a 70.
So I pass.
All right.
And the Everett Pace, uh, we're both kind of hanging on by a thread here.
What are you going to do?
So I'm really scared to push because if you fail a push, it's a crit fail, right?
That is correct.
Yeah.
Uh, I'm not going to push.
Okay.
Everett Pace, you fall off and the preacher, preacher, sheriff, Bobby Custard, I forgot
his name completely.
I dare you forget everyone's favorite character, Bobby Custard.
And uh, preacher, sheriff, Bobby Custard falls directly on you.
You're going to lose one hit point.
And professor horse green, you fall off as well, losing a single hit point and the horses
just stay near, thankfully, uh, they kind of trot in circles and Jack Pearlman, you
grab on tight and you pull yourself forward, your legs dangling like you're Superman riding
this horse.
Like I'm doing a sick plank almost on my horse.
Exactly.
What do you whisper in its ear?
None of this loss in translation bullshit.
All right, Jeremiah, it's just me and you now.
We got this.
Come on now, Jeremiah, come on now.
And I'm like petting it's under, under its neck like you do with a weird doggy or with
your fat cat.
And Jeremiah sits down on its butt to where you're standing on the ground and then slowly
rises from the back so that you just kind of slide back up on.
As a good horse, Jeremiah, I have a sugar cube that I feed Jeremiah.
Can you, can you, can you role play that for me please?
Yeah.
Here, watch what I do.
Watch what I do.
Hold on Zach, let me get it on back of you real quick.
Ooh, I like that.
I like it.
I certainly don't.
I certainly do not.
Well, some of us don't like real role-playing Joe and some of us love real role-playing.
Oh God.
Yeah, that's good.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Are you okay?
Did you hurt yourself role-playing as Jeremiah?
Did you feel like a horse for a second?
Was it hard to take yourself back out of being a horse?
Okay, you're Zach.
You're Zach.
You're Preacher Sheriff Bobby Custard.
Everett's laying on the ground.
Hold on, while Zach was a horse, he shit all over the place.
Let's see it.
We'll let him pick that up.
Role-play it now.
Good thing he ate grass today.
Do it.
Do it.
Shit.
Show us your poo.
Everett, are you, are you, are you okay?
God damn it, Judge.
What the?
God damn it.
I'm holding out a hand for the Sheriff.
Looks like you've fallen and you can't giddy up.
That was pretty good.
I don't got time for this and I ride my horse over to where the bird fell.
Everett, you know, there's room on the back of this saddle for another if you'd rather
be with someone a little more experienced.
Well, that wasn't Bobby's fault.
God damn Judge shooting a gun out of nowhere and pissed off all those horses.
He should have known better.
God damn it.
I completely agree and I will say that Jack is a better rider than I am, that's for damn
sure.
However, not my fault, Judge Cortland, but you know, he kind of does what he does.
We can't all agree.
Professor Green is watching his horse just run off back to the stable in town, just over
the hill.
Completely all the way home.
Yeah.
He's like, uh, well, I, I, I think I need a ride, uh, from, from whoever's, from whichever
horse is behind that Mr. Pace does not occupy.
All right.
It's the bachelor time.
Just hand out your rose, Everett.
Wait, what?
You gotta pick a horse to get on.
I thought that, that we were helping each other back onto the horses.
Yeah, you're probably right.
I'm already, I'm already riding up there with Bobby.
I was just giving you another shot if you wanted to get on my horse.
Uh, Horace, you can go on, you can go on and get up here.
I know you probably don't want to get on Ephraim's and I reached my arm out to like, heave him
up with me.
Thank you, Mr. Bowman.
You're welcome.
As you guys are click clacking down this dusty old ass pathway in between some of these houses,
large plots of land, but houses closer, maybe a hundred yards apart, give them some space,
but not nearly as much as being out a little bit outside of town lends you a lot more room
like Pace or Perlman's places.
And as you guys are heading on down here, you see that there is a modest wooden cabin
with a covered wraparound front porch.
There is a watermelon patch out front.
To the side, there's a herd of cows nearby on the side of the house.
And you guys would know this place is called the Brick House.
Ow!
B-R-I-C-K-H-A-U-S.
Is it mighty mighty?
It's mighty mighty.
It's the kind you don't take home to mother.
That's a super freak.
I know.
That's my favorite mashup.
She's a brick house.
The kind you don't take home to mother.
And also mashed up are all of these watermelons.
You see as you're approaching, every single watermelon in this watermelon patch has been
destroyed.
And on the front porch, there's a very tall, very buff woman who is crying.
She's weeping very openly.
And you know that this is Greer Hilfintop Kamonkarno.
Big ol' shout out to M from Michigan, a citizen of contention and a $10 level backer tier
backer patreon.com slash pretending pod.
Thank you M from Michigan for both Greer Hilfintop Kamonkarno as well as the Brick House gym.
Before anybody can say anything, Horace Green has never seen this person and he just says,
Hello ma'am, have you seen any interesting bones on your property?
I...
Perhaps now is not the time.
What happened to your vegetables?
Their fruits.
Melons.
My melons?
They are...
They have been completely destroyed.
And I...
I woke up in the night...
Please tie up your horses and come here.
The church is perfect.
Preach your sheriff.
Come here.
Hear my story.
Where are you from?
Contention!
Ephraim's already on the ground.
He bends over to get the buzzard he shot and he shoves it in a bag on his horse and leads
his horse over to the porch and ties the horse up and just kind of looks at her.
It was an excellent shot.
It has been circling ever since last night when one of my cows, my beautiful, beautiful
is completely eviscerated.
Like...
Like wolves or...
They must have been wolves.
Can you show me the way to this here cow?
Horace, I'm going to need you with me on this one.
Well of course, I've always happened to lead my biological expertise.
Do I know this woman?
Yeah, and she just started...
The brick house is a place where people can come work out.
Where they can work out?
She's a fitness person and she teaches people of all ages and credos here in contention
how to do that cool thing where you destroy a watermelon with your thighs.
Nice.
Oh that sounds fun, I'd like to learn.
If only you could because I am all out of watermelons.
Since this was supposed to last me through next year, are we just harvest?
I'm going to look down at the watermelon patch and search through it to see if there's any...
I want to see if there's anything in there that's not just like dirt or leaves or watermelon pulp.
Yeah, go ahead and roll.
Spot hidden maybe?
You could roll spot hidden.
You could roll...
Archaeology.
I'll do spot hidden.
50 on a...
45, that's a fail.
So you're looking around and you see footprints all over this place.
Two different sets.
How big?
Neither large, they're medium to small as far as feet go in the world.
Hey, are these your footprints down here, ma'am?
No, I have not stepped foot.
I looked from the porch but all of them, they have been gone.
Boy, it looks like there's been two perps smashing melons.
Yeah, there was a fight.
A fight?
A melon fight.
It's two women.
You saw them?
Yes, it evoked me from my slumber and I got up and I looked and I watched them.
They were destroying everything in the melon patch.
They were stepping all over it and they had no regard for my watermelons.
So you don't think they were here just to smash your property?
No, one was catching the other but I cannot believe with how.
How?
She's shaking her head and she's crying and she's like...
I...
My distress must have caused me to see things.
What did your distress cause you to see?
Well, I could have promised at the time.
Now looking back I do not know.
You know how the mind plays tricks on you.
You can create false memories in oneself but it looked to be that woman from the saloon who had gone missing.
Kitty?
Yes, that is the one.
And then there was another girl that she was capturing.
She was dressed strange.
Like how?
Just odd, vibrant colors, shoes made of different material.
How old was she?
She must have been a teenager of some sort.
But this lasso that Miss Kitty was using to catch her, it was magic.
What kind of magic are you talking about here?
We all know that magic ain't real.
I already hung the witches that were hanging around here.
I disagreed with that decision personally.
Not that I don't respect you, it's just that it didn't seem that they were actually witches.
Anyway, I think that this lasso somehow, you know the lights in town, yes?
Yeah.
This power that moves through them seems to be moving through this lasso.
Like some kind of electric lasso of some kind.
Yes, it was filed to see and it burned her enough to make quite a smell.
Horace, you think someone could handle an electric lasso that weren't hooked up to some big ol' power line?
Glad to know Tildy B's doing okay here in the past.
Yep.
Horace Green, what are you doing during this time?
It was Courtland's turn last time, what are you looking at?
Horace is looking at a bug that has wandered into his frame of vision.
What's it look like?
It's a rather remarkable little beetle.
Do you really want to know?
I do, yeah.
No, you don't.
Alright, good turn. Jack Pearlman.
I was taking Horace with me to go check out the cow.
Yeah, and when you get over there you see that there is...
You remember last night?
Yeah, that's what I was assuming.
I'd say it looks a whole lot like that.
Jack Pearlman's eyes widen and he looks back at Horace.
You ever seen something make marks like this on an animal before?
There's a fucking hole in this cow, the size of a bowling ball.
Around it there seems to be bite marks.
Go ahead and roll biology if you got it.
That is not an Old West skill.
Go ahead and roll natural world I guess if you got it.
Using that one a lot!
Is there science?
Five.
Oh, there's science.
Oh, either way you succeed on that roll
as you see that these are bite marks
roughly the size of a human jaw
and roughly in the shape of a human mouth.
Horace, I didn't want to...
I didn't want to frighten nobody.
Well, I hate to frighten you, Mr. Pearlman,
but a man did this.
Now both of you are all saying it again.
Yeah, fail.
Horace passes.
Jack Pearlman, you just lose one sanity.
This sinks in a little harder
because this has already happened.
Specifically, you've already seen these exact markings.
Seeing it for a second time confirms what you saw last night.
Horace, I didn't want to shock nobody at the town hall,
but this, before I looked at it myself,
but something similar to this happened to one of my horses last night
and by God, Dandelion,
it looked like she just got murdered and ate up
by some kind of creature that in the distance,
I thought my eyes was playing tricks on me,
but you're telling me it's some kind of man that does this?
Well, something with a jaw very much like that of a man.
What kind of creature did you see?
It was so far,
it almost looked like some kind of person,
but they were so far and they were moving ungodly fast, I'd say.
I couldn't even catch up with them before they got into the woods
and I was on horseback.
And the wounds looked like this?
Do you still have the body? I'd very much like to see it.
Yeah, she's still on the barn.
I put some dirt on her to keep her from the other horses, but...
I'm sorry, she's on the barn?
She's on top of the barn.
How did you get her up there?
Trebuchet.
Jack Perlman is very strong.
My God, what a specimen.
Oh, thank you.
Strong as a horse. Not that horse.
You're an absolute mountain of a man.
You make that sludge, Ephraim, look like a sludge.
Oh.
Got him.
Certainly not a noble goo.
But yeah, if you need to go take another look,
but I'm telling you, it looks an awful lot exactly like this,
and I'm assuming this happened to her last night also.
Is there any other things I can perceive from this?
Is there any tracks nearby?
You could roll a tracking or...
Is there a spot hidden?
I think natural world would still work weirdly.
I spot hidden in natural world.
You gotta roll as well.
I pass, 35 on a 40.
You see footprints that are dug in right here on the ground,
dug in hard, and they've left a mark.
It's weird because shoes don't,
typically the tread doesn't have a design on the bottom,
but these have a three leaf design.
It's like three leaves,
and it's got three lines through the bottom of this trefoil,
and under it, it says EST 1949.
Go ahead and roll the sanity check.
This is from the future.
God damn it, I failed again.
Would anybody make that assumption?
It depends on if he fails the sanity check.
I failed it.
It's from the future.
Go ahead and lose one sanity.
Horace, do you see these here tracks?
Let me just look at them.
You're looking at them.
Why do you think it says established in 1949,
a year that does not exist as far as we know?
Probably just the bottom part of the other eight wore off,
and it's from 1849.
Yeah, maybe you're right.
Maybe.
And Jack looks a little unsure of himself at this point.
Jack, it's perfectly silly to assume otherwise.
Yeah, you're probably right.
I didn't sleep good last night after Dandelion's passing, but yeah.
Yes, the body of your beloved horse.
When can I see that?
Cutting right back to Everett Pace.
What are you up to?
He's surveying the watermelon still and talking up to Greer.
Miss Hilfentob-Germunkenau, you know that this isn't here a total loss.
You can make a fine jelly out of any of this here.
I can show you a little.
Gathered up here.
I mean, you can't be popping them with thighs no more, I guess,
but it's still usable.
I thought you were talking about the cow.
Oh, God.
You can make a fine jelly.
Beef jelly.
Well, that is, I mean, you melt down hooves.
That is very kind of you to say.
Go ahead and roll either psychology or persuade or charisma.
I mean, I'll try to persuade us, I guess.
It's just a 10.
76, close.
Yeah.
Everett Pace, you are just as uncaring and otherworldly
as they say that you are in town.
I must be going now.
And she goes into her home and slams the door shut.
Well, if you're not going to use it, then I'm kind of.
And he starts putting some watermelon in his pockets.
Just goo-ing up his pockets with watermelon.
And then he'll join the cow inspectors.
As he is shoving watermelon goo into his pockets,
Ephraim looks at him doing it and bends down and scoops up a little crushed up watermelon
and eats it and kind of makes a funny face.
And then he pulls his flask out and takes a couple gulps of it
and then starts to pee on the side of the house.
And after he's done, he follows Everett back to the cow.
I hope you die a terrible, terrible death.
Yeah, Horace Green walks up behind him and shoots him in the fucking head.
It wasn't like a malicious pee, it was just he had to go
and this was what was there.
It wasn't a malicious pee.
Wasn't malicious.
Are you saying that Courtland has in his past?
Yes.
Oh, shit. Oh yeah, right?
Delicious pees.
I would imagine that like 60% of his pisses are malicious.
Malicious and delicious because you know this guy's got diabetes for sure.
That sweet pee.
Sweet human oil.
Does yours come out as oil and float on the top of your toilet water?
Sign of a healthy kidney.
Sometimes.
It's like extra virgin olive oil.
I've got to shake the toilet bowl up for it to be a uniform yellow.
I regret.
Yeah, Ephraim takes his sweet piss on the lady's house and walks back.
Oh boy.
What a foul man.
As Everett's walking up on you guys.
Boy, it sure sounds like Miss Kenny had herself a night.
She was up here and then she was at the cemetery, she was up at my place.
She's been running all around.
And she dragged a woman with bizarre clothes around with an electric lasso.
Sounds to me like we got two people stringing up now.
Hey Everett, did you have anything that was living eviscerated on your property at all?
Like this here cow.
If you want to look at it, I wouldn't recommend it personally because it hurt my brain when I did.
But you could look at it if you wanted to, but you could just trust me that it looks real bad.
No, I don't reckon I did.
I saw her out there and I run her off.
Mr. Pace, you're absolutely sure you saw nothing last night?
100%, I mean I saw Miss Kitty trying to dig up my wife, but no, nothing other than that.
Okay, because I had one of my horses get real messed up, similar to this,
and I just needed to know if it happened to you two, we could put something together maybe.
Figure out what's going on.
Ah, nothing. I think I just got there in time.
Jack, which horse was it?
It was Dandelion.
Oh god damn.
Beautiful, beautiful god damn horse.
I always wanted Hamister and her to get something we could sell.
That wasn't going to happen, but she was a beautiful horse.
I miss Dandelion already.
What do you think happened here?
Horace told me that, Horace, why don't you tell them what your science tells you about what could have possibly happened here.
Well, by the distance between the upper and lower parts of the bite, the dentation, the depth of the wound, all signs point to a human jaw.
You think Miss Kitty did this?
I don't know.
Now it sounds like Miss Kitty was with someone else.
Now do we know that maybe this someone or something else is the cause of all this?
I mean, when she was over there digging up the grave over by my place, she was in a tizzy. She had a frenzy to her.
Maybe she got bit. Maybe she got bit by a snake or something and rattled her up in there.
Made her eat a cow?
I've seen it do worse to worse.
What?
You've seen it do worse to worse?
Horace, you ever heard of something like that? Some kind of disease that makes you go wild and be able to murder a horse and a cow in one evening and outrun another horse?
Well, why certainly. All sorts of maladies affect man's mind and can drive them insane.
Yeah, but I'm talking like speed and such and viciousness of the jaws.
When the body becomes hyper excited, it has the power to ignore pains that might otherwise hobble it.
And so under immense strengths, a man is capable of great feats of strength and speed.
But I'm talking outrunning a goddamn horse here.
Not like outrunning another person. I'm talking grade A, beautiful horses that I raised.
Mr. Perlman, science would suggest that the most obvious answer is a slow horse.
You talking about Jeremiah like that? Look at Jeremiah and you tell what you think about him.
And when you look over at Jeremiah where he's tied up at the post at the entrance to the brick house,
you see Preacher Sheriff Bobby Custard is across the road in between a couple houses
and he's looking off at a trail that leads in the southeasterly direction out of town.
And he comes walking back with his head slunk down.
None of y'all had tracking, is that right? None of y'all is getting good at tracking?
I think it was established that you are quite the trackster.
Yep, so I went ahead and took care of it for you and turns out it seems like one person
dragged some body, I guess, through this way, threw him on top of a horse
and the horse, it just trotted on right off.
Going about, you know, pretty quick pace, quick clip, heading on down this path here
and this path only leads to one place.
Yeah, that's handy.
And you all know that it leads to the southeast part of town, which is where the new mine resides
and it also happens to be the property on which Silas and Mary Cole live.
I haven't been here long, but if I'm not mistaken, it leads straight to the coal land.
It does indeed, over there by the mine. That's right.
I'm sure he had something to do with this.
Yeah, I've always felt uneasy about him and this is making me feel uneasy, so he's probably up to something, right?
Custer, can we get on in there? It's legal, right, for sheriffs to do that if there's things to look at and such?
Well, we can certainly go just ask him questions. We just need to follow these railroad tracks here straight to the mine.
We could go under the pretense of me asking about my copper wire.
I mean, you are a judge. You can sign a warrant.
If there's two people in this town that could walk into any property here in contention, I'd say they're sitting on these fine horses right here.
It's the judge and the sheriff and, you know, also the priest is here as well.
I'm also the doctor.
Oh, no.
Is he good at any of them?
Nope.
I bet he gives a decent service.
Forty percent.
In preaching.
Get my daughter.
Can't you hear the wolves howling all around my poor little darling, all around my poor little darling?
I'm afraid they'll get my darling.
Can't you hear the wolves howling all around my poor little darling, all around my poor little darling?
I'm afraid they'll get my darling.
