What's up everybody? It's Zach jumping in here real quick for a very short announcement, but a very good announcement because
We finished up our December patreon
matching pledge drive so that we can support a cold weather shelter here in Springfield, Missouri
That is doing the incredible work of keeping people warm in our hometown throughout this cold
You guys absolutely crushed last year's numbers
Seven hundred and sixty three dollars and thirty cents. That's almost
$800 you guys so we're gonna go ahead and just round all that shit up match it and donate
$1,600 to the crisis cold weather shelter here in Springfield, Missouri. Thank you to each and every one of you for listening
Thank you all so much for participating
Shit's fucking wild out there. So for anyone who is able to give that so fucking cool
We'll do it again next year. Absolutely and
God, I'm just so excited about where season two is going
We got a couple more EPS before we jump into another short story
With our new friend Becca Scott, so that'll be really fun. I'm very excited and
Enjoy, it's wolf time. Oh fucking shit. There were three winners
We did a raffle that's right we did a raffle and I've got to announce some winners real quick
So here we are first the winners of pretending to be people t-shirts
We've got the whirling house
that's that's fun, that's hard to say the whirling house and
Matt if you signed up to our patreon this month is just Matt
You are the winner. You're there's only one who didn't give a last name there
you are the winner of a pretending to be people t-shirts and
I will be shooting out an email to the email that you signed up with on patreon both Matt and the whirling house and now
Randomly selected winner to be able to get a shirt and join us at a
Virtual table for a game that I will run and you will play alongside
doubles it is
Justin Hawkins
Thank you so much Justin Hawkins when your name popped up for this
I freaking screamed because you've been around for a really long time and the the randomizer chose you and it made me
So happy so that'll be fun get to play get to play a little face-to-face there
Congratulations to all the winners. Congratulations to everyone who supported and helped us
this was this was really cool to see thank you so much each and every one of you and
Fuck me it's off to wolf. Hello and greetings to all of my
Peculiar peoples it is I your dogmatic puppy wolf the dog and I'm here to speak nothing
But the truth live on six nine four point two PT BP
Except when I feel like doing a little lie every now and then but I cannot lie about how I love
Seeing a new howling with wolf coming in hot fresh and fragrant I drool in
anticipation I
Masticate the words to make them more easily
digestible
something about
creamy
Stank this here howling with wolf is from Duncan and Winnipeg, Manitoba
Canada who tweeted about the show and tagged at
Pretending pod a thing you could also do if you're so inclined and then my producer will look up your city name on
Wikipedia the name Winnipeg comes from the Cree and Ojibwe name
Winnipea which means muddy water and muddy waters was born with the name
McKinley Morgan field thanks Duncan from Winnipeg
Duncan writes
Hey there wolf
longtime howler first time listener
Is that right hard to remember down here in this dark place where the hours pass?
immeasurable made to contain a golem born of
Desperation and malice and built by those who wish to contain that which they did not understand
This labyrinth has lain forgotten for a century
Yet the beast still lives for I hear its ancient voice in the echoes of rattling bones
In the beast it hungers
Shout out to Pavlo Mason and Brock for trusting me to run them through their first session of Delta green
Damn Duncan sounds like you live in an eternal nightmare from which you may never come back from and that sucks
But what doesn't suck is that you decided to take a break from your horrid
Conditions to write a letter to little old me and for that I send you immense gratitude
I hope one day you can get out of that labyrinth
Have you tried simply leaving it if you want to write up something for your muddy puppy wolf to how?
Tag at pretending pod on Instagram tag at pretending pod on Twitter tag
Pretended to be people on Facebook or write up a five-star review on the podcast app of your choice and make me
aware of that review now on the count of three
Wink at the person nearest to you
And if they give you any lip just let them know the winks are in the show notes
Wink it's time for the news
last time
Beck Wilder filmed what he could of Cal Colorado in the early early morning out on beans bridge
Which had been pierced by a new freak weather event before they were asked to leave by the alphabet
Supers running the show and the two went back to the empty Colorado townhome to catch some sleep
Julius Summers had a couple strange
Interactions at the hospital before he met back up with the can crew the next day and headed to Vivica's
Apartment above the bodega to retrieve their footage that day today is Wednesday, July 6
2022 and don't let anyone tell you differently
It's altar girl with my life is great and it's all my fault
Cuz my life is great and it's all my fault
Cuz my life is great and it's all my fault
3
2
Happy New Year
Is that actually the release schedule that we're looking at now
Wow, that's so soon surprise me because that actually is a lot if you didn't already buy your Christmas gifts Thomas
Oh, yeah, my one
It's gonna come out this episode will be out on December. Nope, January 6th. Happy New Year
Be New Year. Happy New Year. He's a little behind the scenes. It's currently December
13 December 13 Taylor Swift's birthday
She's 22, she's 22 look what I'm wearing Oh a little midnight sweatshirts
Appreciate I tweeted at her today. Did she do it back? Nope
I said happy birthday to my favorite blondes and there's two people I know whose birthdays today
One is Taylor Swift and the other is blonde. The other is a blonde person
I mean have I met this blonde person
That's who I meant
Oh my god, we sound shitty again, is this just our headphones say something funny
Play Freebird
It's currently mid-December as Luke said and
Currently we're in the middle. I don't say it. He did I pointed at Thomas
he Luke points at Tom Clark Bishop said and I
Just wanted to throw out
We probably just came back from a little intro to this episode about our donation pledge
Which at this point in time is it?
$500 already, so we're gonna match that we're already gonna be able to donate over $1,000
As of mid-December this when you're listening to this episode, there will probably be a much more exciting announcement
Yeah, it'll come right before this. So this is a letdown. Let's get in the episode. That's what she said
Far back to remember it'll come right before this so that will be a letdown
It's the demons which ones the God all the gondol demons the god old name, I think he meant goons, but he said demons
In this world demons ghouls and ghouls
Be a good one. Mm-hmm. The god of ghouls. We're talking about God
Heaven, I'll turtles angels and demons Oh turtles and tortoises
better rabbits
Tortoises and hairs. So you guys are in vivica's
Apartment above the Joe. Oh, yeah, it's the bidet gal
badego
The badego it told Luke earlier. I was looking at my notes and I was like, why did I write down the day gal?
Spelled badego wrong
So you guys are in the point
B AG le BAG al that's
Sounds like I
Spelled that in my notes as bidet gal. So I would remember how to say it instead. I read it as badego
Yeah, you should have maybe gone for an UH
Deagle the deagle the deagle goal and we found we we found out our stuff get done
Yeah, show on some stuff guys going twice some cops came in store stuff, which is how they do. She got you
Listen to season one
Which was not a mistake on our part, but in fact incisive commentary the entire time as we played cops
incisors used our trench and make those
Trench mouth gum disease I had in college. Let's move
Yeah, what the dentist said the nobody had gotten it since 1917
Stress based trench mouth. Yeah, apparently trying to do college the first time was so rough on little
Pussy Zach. No, no, no, you're no no, I'm supposed to write. I'm supposed to have better self-talk than that. I
Wasn't ready for college
That's better. So you got a World War one disease
You weren't ready for college because you were a little pussy
Now that that's cleared up we can talk imagine
Imagine if that Zach had been sent to World War one dead so quickly
All Zach you and I would thrive in war
Oh, yeah being told that I like having an exact thing that I have to do. We have to get into the
It's not as bad as the last episode
But the episode where it took 20 fucking minutes to get to gameplay, let's do it, let's go
I'm rearing. This is gonna be fun. Let's do it. I'm Cal, Colorado and I'm rearing
So you guys are up in this
bodega
bodega
Adjacent bodega adjacent apartment bodega adjacent if you guys just told you through tears that
Even though she had stolen the footage as she was leaving a couple of police officers not in
Uniforms came out of a police car used police badges and stole the rest of the footage
Including the thumb drive that she had stolen from Beck Wilder
We got all that when Luke said the dang bald numbers took him. That's my bad. I've got double stone. Mm-hmm
It got took took got took once
Tom inks at the in the post-apocalyptic part of cloud atlas
It's
It's good, it's a c-plus movie
I think we need to go look at the security cameras at the office. Boom
In Cal sick Mercedes we all vroom to the office. This is nice
Thank you. I I own I don't lease and he's like have you ever seen cloud atlas? It's my favorite movie
I saw it five times in theaters. Julius is watching cloud atlas on the back of the headrest on the yeah
Cuz Cal always auto plays it
That's based on a real guy Joe and I know
Was absolutely obsessed with a b-minus movie
It's working its way through through your ranks already though, you said c-plus I think
I quickly autocorrected. I don't remember it other than I saw it and I was like you speak the true true
Sounded like it was about geography and I wasn't ready for it. Oh
It'd be so much better
Here we are
Let's turn that bad boy off huh? Yeah, what's that? I mean, it sounds like the heater which is what I call my piece
So is that the episode
Well, here we are at the can offices, oh, yeah, so it is now
3 p.m. At this point. We do not have a lot of time to get this on the evening news. We have to find this footage
Let's go straight to the security office. We gotta see like if there was any like identifying Mars
Maybe we could see the car that they drove. It was a police car
I think she said it's gonna have like a number on it. Sounds good to me. Let's let's do that
Let's review the footage
So you guys head to the can security office over the marvelous floor the glass and the beautiful?
Can station you walk through the halls?
Confidently, there are other people here at the station. So on the way there Beck
I'm gonna need a grip check for you for the attire of some of your co-workers that you're passing through the hall
I pass 35 and a 49 nice
So you see you start to see these flashes as these people approach and how do you like contain yourself?
It's a head down looking at the feet
Like like somebody who is trying to be as inconspicuous as possible and just get through this hallway to the other end
And you've been through these hallways time after time
in the morning and you pass through the same way you always head to the can security office and as you guys pass in you
See that's on shift today is ray. It's Raymond. It's the son
Perhaps the the worse of the sons of tife
Rayland so Julius, this is your cousin cousin cousin ray ray
Yep, cousin ray ray and he's like on his phone feet up in the chair not looking at any of the
Myriad screens on the wall in front of him with this range were made by myriad. There's a little logo and
He's watching tiktoks on his phone. He's just like
And you hear the tiktok voice over the top like walking with my partner in
Frisco Julius walks over
Julius has never really it when you call it Frisco
Julius has never really liked ray ray so he goes over and he sees him screwing off and
Just kind of like pushes his feet off the desk and makes his chair like swivel around school
Julius Julius Julius Julius. Hey, what's up, man?
We ray ray we need to see some some footage from from yesterday anything from my Lucy. What's up?
No, no, just just now right? No, I would have been last night. It was like calm down everybody
Wins it wins it wins it
It's like it's like last night at like with with it like midnight or something
I think is when we left with it was shortly after we left
Where are we looking for okey all over but we're naming like the parking lot. Mostly we just came in here
So what can you please just I just was wondering like maybe give me a little backup and he's like kind of spooling through
It's all digital. So he's by spooling. I mean he's going backwards
Hey, hey, Zach. What time was this you guys left around like midnight?
So you're probably looking at like 12 15 12 30 except it was like even later
Because I went to the hospital cuz you're like everything's negative 40 if you do anything else
So I was like, I'll go sleep. So it's like 3 so you guys are looking at like 3 15 3 30
We
Left the offices like a roundup
Here's you guys leaving?
Okay, it would be shortly after this. Yeah, we're looking for two men and a he plays it at regular speed
Can you go quickly Ray Ray? Yes, please fast fast Ray Ray
Beck is gonna push him out of the way because he knows how to use this equipment
Come on, man. At least let me do it. It's my only job. You do well Ray Ray Beck is the best and time is of the essence
You just got to turn the knob it it sets it up to be 1.5 speed
It's good. We might even want to go to at this point
Okay, let's take a double and he goes to two times speed pushes it through and we see Vivica sneaking back
into the city action news station after you all have left looking over her shoulder the whole way through as she
Crosses into the foyer. She digs deep into her pocket. She pulls out this thumb drive
And there's this determined look in her not grainy face because it's pretty decent quality
This quality is amazing even five years ago
She would have been grainy as fuck and then she puts the thumb drive back in her pocket
It shows it in there and heads back into the editing Bay surely in your minds to delete the footage or at least take it
What was my character's name when we played with?
Can I say the name and don't has it has it been played already? No, it hasn't come out yet her name is
What's up? What was my guy's name? He owned a security company. So you see the the security system is made
We just looked it up. What's who's the security system made by Vincente boring? Yeah, so it's the security system called like
Yeah, it's on there yeah, you'll have to wait to hear Luke's character who chokes every line out
Oh, wow, this is the best security system in the whole city. I
Actually had these people install some security in my home and both my my Peabody and three local Emmys were stolen in that time. I
Ended up going with Shakira toss. Well for your home, you should go with a ring doorbell
Target oh, I do have a ring doorbell found a target but for for the office, it's a fun story
We actually used it to some effect earlier to see Stevie running away from my basement with her brother. That's that's right
I remember on that beautiful ring doorbell crystal-clear picture every time hold on. Hold on
I could see the shame on her face. That was a present from my daughter
She gave me a gift receipt in case I didn't want it that gift receipt was to a store called
Target, huh? That's it. That's it. It was Target. Hmm. I love shopping in Target for all my holiday needs
I I got you and back such wonderful presents two individuals walk through the doors
Are they revolving doors into the can station? Why not? I can't yeah, of course feels like they are the old west saloon doors
one of these individuals
The can piano players
I
Immediately slumps over two individuals walk through the front door of the can station one is tall
Mousey is wearing glasses and the other one is short jacked and bald
They walk forward scoping out one takes the left side one takes the right side
They're looking through the windows on either side. They see the editing Bay you follow them they head into the editing Bay
Ray-ray, you remember every face that's coming in out of here, don't you?
We can zoom enhance zoom and enhance we zoom in enhance you can do that on boring security cameras
We pull back
we zoom out to see these two as they walk in once again and zoom in on their faces and
Something it's weird. It's like
Something that they're wearing maybe seems to be obvious skating their face
It's like it's too well lit like pauperizing around their shirt paparazzi clothes
Paparazzi stuffs like the anti-paparazzi shirts. Can I roll to see if Julius would like associate that with?
Fuck, what is the bet? Well, who are the bad guys bad guys?
Got a little girl. I don't know. Does it look like God all Corp close gottel tech gottel that some gottel tech
That total does it look like any of the gottel clothing we've seen no, no, no, I mean it's not gottel tech
I mean, uh, well Sharon I spent
Several weeks together in the in the mid 80s and and she employed a similar device against the paparazzo
I bet you wish you could turn back time, dude
I'm sorry. What you know like never mind mamma Mia
Oh
Yes, mamma Mia Abba share was in the mamma Mia sequel
Mamma Mia 2 here we go again mamma Mia 2 look who's talking now
Ray Ray
It's it's hard to see their faces
But it's like they're wearing some sort of mask have you have you ever seen anything like this or seen them before? Oh
I heard about it on the internet. I heard about what on the internet. It's kind of like clothes
That okay. Yes. I mean, I'm familiar. What would you google?
anti
face
Camera, can you zoom into the car that they arrived in?
Anti face camera
Shirt
Go ahead and zoom into the car that they came in
He whips around with the digital analog knob and shows that they head into the editing bay
They're in there for a couple minutes
They leave the editing bay just the two of them as they're walking out one does a classic like
Flicks the thumb drive in the air off their thumb. It makes a noise. Oh
And
Catches it throws it back in the pocket
they head back out to their police car the external camera on the building looks out and you see that this is
CPD number eight three six. Oh, come on
Is it TC I read the spoilers discord
I should have asked you what number it was
Is it a
Is it a city police car or contingent police car ooh interesting question, I don't know what contingent is this is season two
It's a city police car. We need to find out who that police car is registered to which which officers
How do you even do that Beck can do that?
I mean I can I can sort of do that but like I'm not a reporter like
It seems like you guys would know more about how to like investigate things
Is there another way you could figure out like a way to follow them? What's that?
I know that that the the Bori security company runs almost all the security around here
Maybe if we call one of the higher-ups we can get access to the buildings around us
I have a couple of trusted contacts in the city police force
They might be able to look these badge numbers up for me this car number
Yeah
I think that'd be the way to go just like see if they have like who was driving the car
Just like that alone would get us on the right track sick. Yeah
Let's go to the giant phone in the can offices the red phone that goes straight to the police. Yeah
No, no, that's that's
Too obvious my contacts in the CPD prefer me to contact them more discreetly
Is it like a like a secret drop situation are we doing like by stuff yes, it's very cool. Oh shit
Yeah, it's very fun. I mean, it's not so like we do talk face-to-face, but there is an elaborate and
Fairly pointless system of message drops and exchanges before that process can begin
Are we gonna like put an X on a window Julius is googling the Bori security company hotline?
Everyone roll on
Intelligence or
Bureaucracy 18 on the 75 I pass an intelligence role
Yeah, they're ring
System I'll try to do that again at Target God I went to Target the other day
Classic thing where you go in for one thing and the deals are so hot you end up just
You get your whole week's worth of stuff
That they have at the front. I just like one dollar two dollars three dollars five
Yeah, and I know before Thanksgiving. I bought a stuffed felt turkey there
I'm gonna go back to Target and try to find myself a reindeer in that little front section
Do you think maybe stop by this? Maybe stop by the Starbucks that's always at the front of the target
I kind of feel like everything in that front section has been felt. This is crazy
You bought a stuffed turkey I bought a real strict like turkey and they're extensive grocery section Wow
Yeah, that is crazy. Well, and I didn't know where I was gonna get a turkey and a ham for Christmas
But at Target they have it and you should go to Target if you check on Target's website. They have recipes for holiday meals
late lunch time late lunch alert and you see that
Thai shitty son Raymond pulls his phone back out of his pocket and he's like
Deborah over traffic hit me up for that lunch time
Me and Deborah from traffic over here at City Action News are gonna head out to lunch
So you guys can have at this but like whatever this feels like an everybody loves Raymond joke
But I don't know enough about that show to know if it's accurate
What a good show
Yeah, I had a real good dog named Murphy he used to sound like he was on everybody loves Raymond
I passed my intelligence. So did I yes in me three successes and when Raymond brings up the debt
Oh my god. I just got that. I just understood the jerk
Raymond and Deborah. Yep. This is this is me. I'm Zach. What's up?
It's nuts how brands work it's like two people who are so in some way like have a relationship that sounds good
As as Raymond starts talking about having lunch with Deborah from traffic at City Action News you think
Julius puts his phone down realizing. I don't want to talk to the boring hotline
We can just use the traffic cameras and Cal has already texted his contact. How's the weather?
You immediately get a text back this is Beck gets a text it says, how's the weather?
It's you don't even have to be old to make a mistake like that like hey, you don't have to be that old
Oh
Cal it looks like you texted me. It's it's it's fine. The weather's fine. And but I think that this was probably for fuck anyway
Yes, yes, yes, he scrolls down like several bees and gets to his contact
How's the weather
I
You do you get a text back that says stormy something's brewing we need to be at City Park at 3 15 p.m
It's like three right now. Oh
Shit Cal we're not gonna make it
You need to drive the can van like you've never driven it before or my sweet Mercedes. Whatever we took here. I
I
Listen we'll take my Mercedes I get out of tickets all the time
Can I search the security like for like one of the like little red lights you can put on top of a car?
Yeah, go ahead and roll search
That's past 47 on a 70 you find a little red topper
That's got a siren on the top that's got audio and visual aids and siren
Let's get it
Well said
On the way to the can van Julius is going to hook his phone up via bluetooth to this
Oh, you guys are out. You guys are out. You're in the can van. You got this topper on top everyone
That's what I meant by the can van
the C class
C is for city Caesar can
Julius slaps that on top of the car and gets in the back
Yeah
He wants to finish watching some of cloud atlas Cal Cal baby drivers into the the front seat and most
It's amazing, yeah, I'm so well buck and why
That's what if you haven't seen baby driver, that's what it is an hour and a half of that and it's the it's a great movie
Get out of the way get out of the way get out of the way Harry the Henderson out the door
Oh, you're just making that noise yeah
Julius is hooked up in harmony a bluetooth to the speaker that's in the topper get out of the way
Oh the bluetooth speaker. That's smart
Cal is like cows eyes are wide and he's speeding down like one of the main city like thoroughfares
He's laughing and he turns to you guys. It was like, where are we going again?
You said the park it was it was you Cal we were following your lead. That's right. He takes a sudden
And
Through the gates of the city park we see etched no not etched rot in iron
I
Got tingles
Cow cow like sheds a single tear as he passes under the gates and thinks about like the brave like proud working men of
the city who rot
120 years ago
twisted it says
The city park. I
Love this goddamn city rolling through you see on either side of you trees
Must have been why don't laugh right away. I must have been why?
That's I don't know you see trees must have been planted here must have been 30 of the fuckers
Must have been purposely planted here at least a hundred two hundred years ago
Massive trees lining the roads on either side as you curve and make your way through this park
You see picnic tables. You see ponds you see fountains
You see a little boathouse where a dock has paddle boats the happy couples and families
and
Rangers
There's a medical NPC and there's a long
Green dawn on either side past the the medical person there
That's adjacent to the pond
Of course and the big green lawn stretch is up in a hill sort of fashion up to the top
where there is a large statue of an old military general on a horse in front of a
Massive building with columns in front of it major general means major gentle means
major general beans major general
And you know for that guy he looks like a cop
You see a police officer on a bike in front of you is that our guy no hit him
Where
Are you meeting your contact probably under the major general being statue where you can also access the docks to one of the
myriad ponds
And there's there's some like duck boats that you can paddle as you pass the police officer that's on a bicycle
He gives you a kind of stink eye as you head into the the double lanes you as you pass the bicycle
It's the appropriate way to pass someone on a bicycle mind you but he gets a kind of hair
Tingles up on the back of his neck and then decides. I don't really want to do anything right now
Cal is cows in a you know cows in an odd mood these past few days
But he chuckles and he says don't worry boys. We're off to meet that those bosses boss damn Cal
That's only two rings up
Guys still makes coffee
Julius through the speaker on the roof of the car just says oops
Sorry
Yeah, I didn't take into account the siren on the top of your car. Did I know that guy was an idiot
Let's go meet our man. Let's go meet this man as you approach the statue at the top of this hill
There's like a circle drive around it and Cal pulls the Mercedes over
He kind of looks over it back in the passenger seat looks it was starting to get the camera out
looks at Julius and the in the back and he says um
Unfortunately, there's only room for two on the on the goose paddle boats, but could you follow discreetly behind me?
Yeah, hey Cal is it cool if I mic you up very cool back
Also, give me one of your tik-tok phones and I could
Hide it in my pocket square and and lean towards
Julius gives him his tik-tok phone
And Julius is stoked because he knows that he can paddle the shit out of these boats with his fucking huge legs
Discreetly but you could pull alongside us at some distance and zoom in. Oh, yeah with the audio
You're mostly gonna be going in circles though from what I can hear from
Julius is gonna sit in the middle and paddle both
That way back can straddling like the goose's neck
Hey Cal I can you know, I can splash you if you want no, no, no, don't get too close. He'll know something is up
Okay, okay
Should we go first that would be best if you go before us?
You could we'll get a good we'll get a good spot your pace and advantage you behind that's much easier than trying to I'll get
A lot of footage of like the trees and stuff. So it looks like we're just tourists making making videos
They do call you the b-roll bastard. I
Was hoping that was gonna catch on fuck. Yeah. Oh, did you start that back? Yeah, that's a good one. It's working
It's yeah, I heard it from like I heard it from a couple people. Oh, yeah
That doesn't usually work great job back as you're buying the admission tickets to hop on Julie you think about curious cow
Curious cow I like it. That sounds a little weird
Don't spread that one I'll think on it Julius flashes his season pass which allows a guest
We
Have your boat waiting for you right here, mr. Summers it
It's a goose with sunglasses on and on the side it's gilded it says summers
Which it I turn on to work against my legs and this is my
I
Let's go will you be having the regular with it today make it the VIP right away, sir
and as you guys are getting on the
Spectacle goose a platter arrives and is sat down in front of you. It's got a top on it. Would you do the honors Beck?
Yeah, man. Do you like do this a lot as he pulls up the Julius just slaps his thighs and kind of like duh
So I'm thinking it's just protein it's a
Like one of those like muscle powder like shaker things
And then like a charcuterie board, but it's mostly it's like two full summer sausages
Plus like four ounces of vodka
Like a big Slim Jim just snaps into
One of the summer sausages
Beck you better hold on. Yeah. Oh, yeah, and I'm kind of I'm doing what we said just kind of holding on for dear life
Getting into a good angle
and
Julius flips the motor in reverse and starts pedaling forward quickly
And
You guys make your way out into the middle of this pond
He's like make it like creating like a wake making you awake out to yeah, like it's like bouncing. It's bouncing the other
bird
All right, so the two of you are out there in the water and Cal Cal
Cal is approaching his contact who is in like a classic kind of trench coat
Yes, of course any any taps is he taps his lapel and it's like a back. Can you hear me?
And we've got we've got our headphones
Doesn't zoom just like goes to the focus of like the very obvious boat with these two with their boom
I say to Julius I didn't set up a way for us to communicate with him
Julius gives a big thumbs up
That's funny for a minute and he turns around
He gives you a big thumbs up too and approaches police chief McMillan Oh police chief McMillan who is a
Broad-shouldered
gentleman with a big ol walrus
Mustache that is gray and salt and pepper. What's his head look like shiny? Yeah
Yeah, very shiny since he's got a walrus stash. He has to be bald
Haircut and a walrus mustache looks strange. Yeah, he's got he's got these crazy like schoolboy locks
Like fifties, yeah, but his but his mustache is is is more gray than red
But it still twitches weirdly like a walruses almost like whiskers
Mr. Colorado was a pleasure back. I can see that guy sweating from over here
Mac are you okay?
What I don't get out on the boat, oh, yes, I definitely agree
By the way, this is a two-party consent state, so I
Just need to tell you this conversation is being recorded is this normal for the two of you
This is abnormal
but in real life
It might not be abnormal if you just always guaranteed him that he was on what I think it's called deep cover or deep background
That they on background on background. Is that what it is? Can't be quoted
Background is but you are deep back your deep background. You can't be quoted in
It like is very meaningful hello, mr. X
You're on deep background. Oh, then I can use this voice
It's hard easier to understand for sure, please
Just for the sake of journalistic integrity. Could you please speak as clearly as possible?
So there's no issue with the with the transcription. Yes, of course
Thank you
That was as best as I could do that was very good for me
Back I think this guy's having a stroke
He keeps shaking his head as he talks, I think that might be the issue sweat is just flying off of him
I'm very nervous cow Mac. You're my best source. I need to know about two of your officers. He
Walks, he looks at you with that big mustache. He walks off the side of the goose boat that we're battling
We've got a goose but not a swan boat
It's a little uglier
Ours has sunglasses on so it's inconspicuous
On the eyes
Let's damn got always button to us that's that's what I want to know or do you do you have reason to believe and it?
Seems that you do that. Some of your rank are perhaps compromised by the gaudel Corp
Never come percentage about
I've never
Mocking you
Speak clearly man, you know, I know your father got you this job, but it's time to show some spine
City is in danger
Persuader bureaucracy or laws is a 20 year old kid
Have no fucking clue where my dice is
While you're rolling Julius you receive a text from tife Rayland your uncle and it reads
Need to see you in my office
Bring Beck and cow. What was I rolling? You are rolling on law
Bureaucracy or
Persuade I win them all with a 29. I win the mice
Julius doesn't respond right now. Well, you say that's just a type of the God all company is
When that's where me 10 films all through the city police department
And it's hard to know who you can trust anymore. Who's a real cop and who's a cop?
What percentage roughly would you say are cops?
Mm-hmm
Unfortunately, it's hard to tell these days, but I say it's somewhere between
15 and
25% this thick is a poison is poison
That's going like a virus not poison unless a poison cause a poison that grows maybe a
poison that grows
Mac you may have just given us the name of the segment that wins the next Peabody
Bob what's all in the name to get it all out and make sure that the good people of the city are being taken care
Of and being watched over whether it's by the funny police department or the city. I can news or whatever goes out
Beck turns to Julius. I'm just getting plosives dude. It's all
a
Make sure you're getting the spit flying
Becca zoomed in on the lips to try to better understand him
I'm already there
Back I can feel the water level of this pond raising just
Mac that's what I'm trying to use the dire straight
I have known you since you were just a beat cop and I was a beat reporter
We would get drinks at suds and buds the bus sides of buds
I have they were the best suds of buds could have and you were my best, but
Do you remember those days Mac?
Well, of course I go
I
It's amazing, I feel like my voice has grown deeper or more
Distinguished
Except for the gray in your beard Mac. I'd swear you had an age today
Julius is giving back the craziest look
He's returning it
My father was a Mac his father was a Mac his father father
I'm a Mac. Oh, this is where we see he has like
Fishman gills
Okay, I'm laughing too hard. Yeah, this is nuts. Let's get to the let's get to the point here
I mean you just keep doing it for a little bit. Well, I don't remember what that is
You can break that what to do
Hold on
You're right Mac we should get to the point I pass him like a little sheet of paper that has the the
CPD 836 license plate on it and I say two of your officers were spotted entering the can offices last night and
Leaving with the biggest story of my career
I was hoping you could tell me who they were and where they might have gone
But I do think there are certainly one of those 15% that are
Gops, not cops role
law or bureaucracy
17 big ol pass yo
He's like basic platelet and he pulls out his phone cop that
What is your query I am
6c PD 8 3 6 8 2 6
Hold up two fingers to Thomas like okay, there's two people
It's
826 say 3 6
CPD 8 3 6 2 officers assigned to vehicle officers Richard Riley and
Wilson Wiley, well, why do you have it?
Which are violent and was compiled they show officers. What did they do? They stole the biggest news story since 9-eleven
Whoa
What do Karen to go into any details place? Tell me anything that won't get me into too much trouble
I yearn to learn you should have been a journalist my friend
I tried to get you to go into J school when we were roommates
Like it was yesterday
See me those dawn looking over a single tear trust
Cal's face. I know exactly what you mean Julius is once
once again looking it back like
You know what
We've got a boom hour like organically
If he's like vaguely, uh, like a nautical creature, right? He's a walrus in my head
Mac I can't thank you enough for this information. I know I did with some give me a little tease, baby. Oh
Oh
Mac you know, I can't do that. Hey, also, maybe next time just text me
I'll get a burner. It'll be easier
But you know these swan boats tire out my legs I you look down and he's just got calves for dogs
He's got the calves that like Julius Summers wishes he had with his thighs. Oh, yeah
We have just been going around in circles
The can boat circles
While Julius is like looking at back just dumbfounded
He is kind of not paying enough attention and goes right by them like a foot away
What is the back to shore?
Cal just like glares at you
Like Tanya and Porsche
My Tanya Porsche
reference
I did think it would be funny. No right now. Well, yeah
Also kind of people will be catching up then over the holidays
And I thought it would be funny if we like just tease Joe about the things he hasn't seen watch it
I don't think that'd be funny
You guys parked the swan back at the dock and
Hop on out and he immediately goes to the person who's working there that the young person behind the counter
Thank you so much for an excellent
And heads up
For a what experience max on excellent got it Cal didn't catch that but he does tip the kid like 80 bucks
Julius finishes up his summer sausages and hops onto the deck and
Is just like stoked at what he just experienced but also very confused
Yeah, Cal Cal is waving goodbye to Mac as he gets like he walks back to the parking lot and he he turns around and
Runs up to you guys and is like well you heard the man
Yeah about that Cal
What the way he talked like is he like is that just like a thing with him Beck?
I don't know what you're on about
You know what sometimes I tell you hey watch those peas and I say the word plosives like he had a lot of the plosives
dude plosives plosives
Plosives that is a fun word
No, I don't know what it means. It's just the audio wasn't great, but I think we got most of it
Okay, I mean I you know, that's really your department back so that's a little disappointing to hear
Did you remember what the names the cop net said Richard Riley Wilson Wiley
Julius is gonna start googling those names. Oh
You're gonna be able to find some social media pages some would cops have LinkedIn
No cops have problematic Facebook's
Like no Instagram like no look at the groups. They're in so Julius is Julius finds a blue lives matter
Banner yep sticker thing with a frame. That is the Punisher. Yes
50 Wilson Wiley's yeah, but most of them are like, okay a third of them are the same like happy dad
He's like recreated all the photos like all the profiles
Every time we forgot his login
And then there's that one
Yeah, you scroll down through a bunch and you get to the the Punisher and the the blue lives matter Julius knows that this
Is who he's looking for? Oh, man, look look who's there in his featured photos. It's Richard Riley
Do they look like the guys I saw on the security ad so
Lutely and the the one that is tall mousy and wears glasses is
Wilson that is right. It's Wilson Wiley and the short jacked and bald one
That's Richard Riley Richard Riley shout out to Cameron from Kansas City for
Wilson Wiley one of our $10 patreon patrons. Hold on. Hold on Kansas City, Kansas or Kansas City, Missouri
It just says Cameron from Kansas City
Well, then I guess we'll see Cameron one has to assume, Missouri
You
Now a target
You guys are standing in the middle of City Park we were looking at the Facebook you were looking through the Facebook
I want to see if he's posted his like posted a status like with his his location accidentally on that's it
Just says an address of like maybe a house. He lives in interesting or like his militia meetup. Yeah. Yeah, go ahead and real search
57 on a 70. Yeah, absolutely one of the most recent photos that has been snapped is
Actually of him and of Wilson it is of both Richard and Wilson together peeking behind a fence over a fence
They are peeking over a fence
It does have the geotech locked on there
And it is a location that is in the city in the warehouse district look nice
Dude does one of you live in the browser that seems like a cool place Julius might live
He is renting a house in the center place, of course, we know what kind of neighborhood the warehouse district is. Oh, yeah
Yeah, it's actually it's down by
It's down by the docks. It's like the warehouse district
Which is like specifically that's yes, but is it cool or is it not it depends on who you are
I suppose for someone like you it might not be cool for someone who is
Maybe Beck speed but ten years speedier might be cool. I mean younger or older
I think it means young it's cool. Yeah, it could be cool. It's up-and-coming cool
I mean clearly these guys aren't hanging out at a cool place guys. I I I think I went to a
Show in a warehouse around this area in college
Which was not that long ago
I
Been doing like a bar
Wait, seriously, you two are you want to go to the warehouse district?
I mean, that's it's where the guys are. I did a lot of reporting in the warehouse district in the 80s
It's it's actually a kind of a up-and-coming spot. There's a restaurant there called the black widow
Interesting, it's all eggs
Spider egg shaped foods. It's where a cool young person might live
It's kind of like two blocks where you would actually live and then the rest is, you know less up-and-coming
Exciting but this is definitely right off one block over from where it's cool
Well, let's let's go check it out. Joy is to get another text. This just says ETA. Oh fuck guys. I forgot
My
My uncle texted us while we were filming that and he wants us to come in but yeah, I mean like I
Don't know. We can't like disobey our boss, but I can't show my face in there without that footage
We've got to show it tonight Julius. I think you're right. We've got to go find the footage
Can you like hold off your uncle tell him we're pursuing a lead and we'll be there in an hour and a half. I
send type a
Picture that I took while we were on the boat and I'm gonna say get in a workout in
Our 1.5 HR question mark and send that to off to oh, oh Julius
He's gonna think you're not applying yourself. He knows about my my routine. We talked about it before I got hired
Like he's like listen if you want to be on TV
You're gonna have to give a little Hemsworth
My worth is good. My worth my worth is my legs. Your Hemsworth is Hemsworth
So Julius, that's your cock and your pecs
Julius sends that text off worriedly and let's get there really fast
We
Which is what Julius is saying into the phone
Yeah, he's holding like a Bluetooth speaker no, it's the topper has one in it
That's right, I forgot as you're going to the warehouse district
You're flying through you're checking up on like the locations around where that GPS spot was where the picture was taken
And you do find that there is a burger place slash bar that is
like
You know it well as a place that
Runs fundraisers and such for the CPD and the name of it is Oh
Where are we spelled like where a house and then under that it says Bucky kids bar, duh
Yeah
Yeah, the classic warehouse bar Bucky kids no, that's just his name the guy who owns it
Yeah, yeah, I got all that the first time Julius has been here
Where are we Bucky kids bar, duh
Is the name of the the is like LLC
We don't have to keep it but let's move on
That's the thing if we keep it we can move on if we don't we can't
What about where slash house the beef where slash house the beef
What about you guys come up with a good joke house no, no, no like where slash house the beef but how each where
warehouse the beef where slash house the beef where slash house the beef you have a what is
Where are we
We're Bucky kids bar duh, it's who it says we're at after the question mark. Yeah, that's the name of the bar
Where are we question mark? We're at Bucky kids bar, duh
You know, it's a bad name for a bad place and as you pull up you see
So sorry Thomas, thank you for the apology and that bars name
A Bucky kid joint
Okay, and mine is where w dot a dot r dot e dot with the dared we're font
That's it
What was it where just where instead of dare
Oh
We're in the dare fun, yeah
So you guys pull up to
Where are you
Where are we where are we're at Bucky's Bucky kids bar
They call it wah wah BKB. I thought we were at w h e re
In the dare font Jesus fucking
And
You blow
KBD I've had some times here. You see what they changed the name to where it's like completely empty
It's not bumping
there's an empty patio and you can see like through the windows from the outside that the place is
Empty and there's a massive truck sitting all by itself in the parking lot nuts for days
For sure, and it's got a big bumper sticker on the back that says in God
Oh, we trust my god. What happened to this place. This used to be Gintim and cellar
The finest wine bar in the city and now it's what is it called? Well
the owner
Gintim and got cask of Amontillado
And they changed it to where are we
We're a bucket gets barred
Which I came Ida which I came to a lot in college if that's the name
Why does it say w h e re in the dare font? I?
Forgot I forgot Bucky kid got cask of Amontillado
By the cattle family becoming shallower and shallower
It must have new ownership
oh
We made 20 minutes of fucking around turn into a pretty good joke this place gives me the crease
You've got to be brave Julius
As you walk in you see TVs everywhere the lights are dim
There's memorabilia from city sports teams all over the walls pictures up on the walls as well, and what is it Joe?
I realize we should have come up with a game guys. We should come up with a game plan
We're about to like confront cops about stolen property
This isn't gonna go in our favor come up with a game plan when it took so long to come
Are you insane I don't I don't I don't know if they'll be here
But if they're not then you know I can I know the the new owner of this place. It's Bucky's kid
Hi
junior
Yeah, you just call me June June. We're
How long have you on this place now?
You know about as many of these pine classes as I've wiped down so many weeks
I've owned it and you look down and see about six pine classes that he's dried off in front of them
Do you know two men who are named Richard Riley Wilson Wiley? Thanks back. Do you know is this a
Business call or a personal call this is a call of justice my man
Oh a college us did you say well? I'm on the board for justice
I don't know if you can see from the the signs on my walls, and you say there's a bunch of them for sure
Yeah, there's a sign right behind him that just says I'm all
High ball hold the liquid in two cornice dice in two corners that are like oddly rounded off
There's a neon sign that says but kid and one that says the other owner
Lou Lou
Yeah, is that is that where he is where he is no
Where he is no he's under the big igloo is what we always said big Lou
You can see his amazing monument in the city cemetery. Tell us where they are
Who Richard Riley and Wilson Wiley dick and Willie?
Yeah
You must know them. Well. Yeah, they can really come in firm out. Yeah regular patrons
I don't know what you want for me a couple cops yet. Do they live around here deliver on here? Yeah at where?
Mmm. I don't know. I've never been to their place. Do you know anyone that has yeah?
I definitely do know someone who has yeah based on the way. I roll so yeah
Well, I think that who oh yeah, not managers probably hung out with them a couple times
Who's that low?
Low do you have Lowe's number?
Low low well yeah, do you have low Lowe's number? Why do you need all these people's numbers for contact?
What are you talking about it?
Somebody's got a role persuade we are investigative journalists in pursuit of justice my friend
45 on a 60 hey, that's pretty good justice, and I'd say yeah
I do have the number if you want to I just air dropped it to you. Thank you my friend
What is oh yeah, it doesn't tell you who's low low l e a ux
Hello
Julius calls the number
Hello, this is low low is this low low. Oh, why did I just say yes? This is low low, okay?
I'm are you from what is happening? What who is this? Do you know Richard Riley? Yeah? What's it to you?
Who's calling your his contact? I'm gonna hang up and let's just come to our he's been Wilson while he's been in an accident
We got to reach Richard Riley his partner. Where do they live?
What
Like it roll persuade I got a 66 on a 60
Listen here buddy. I don't know who's talking who's talking to me. I want to take the phone Julie's
Julie's hangs up, and then he's like
He airdrops the number to cow
Cow gets the airdrop number he he takes a deep breath
And he he calls it Joe Joe Joe Joe, this is Cal crowd rat
Cal is so nervous. Did you mean to say Joe Joe?
Lolo Lolo, this is Cal, Colorado City Action News. Hello. Thank you for calling. How may I help you today?
We would deeply appreciate a moment of your time
Would you would you be willing to talk to me for for just a moment low low been very kind so far
So I don't see any reason why why not for the news anything? What do we what are we doing news about?
How would you prefer well well Lolo word we're doing perhaps the most important news story of the past 20 years
But well first of all Lolo. How would you prefer?
How would you prefer we refer to you mr.. Low low low low low low of course yeah, call me by my handle mr.
Lolo are you familiar with CPD officers Richard Riley and
Wilson Wiley oh yeah, Dickie and Willie. What are they up to what's going on?
Do they did they land on something did they get something big are they part of a big story were they trying to be part?
Well no I mean, they're just that the police officers
I didn't know if they were involved in something wild you just said it was one of the biggest stories of the whatever
Did you did you ever hear them talk about any kind of outside work of the police department hmm? What do you mean?
Like security gigs and whatnot security or maybe something extra judicial extra judicial
outside of
Well, I'd have to say you know we might want to get together and talk about this
Over I don't know
Dinner drinks, maybe I get to take home a little doggie bag
Maybe we stopped by a liquor store on the way home
Whatever it might be city action news could certainly make it worth your while, but in the meantime
Could you tell us where we could find these officers? Do you know their address where they live?
Yeah, I mean I know their addresses, but it seems a little Cal slips
$500 like out of his wallet
I
Just hear
Is that the sound of cash money
I'm a night manager at a bar you think I don't know the sound of money that is the sound of cash money I could
Venmo you that I'm out very easily right now. What about is it Julius is proud of Cal first thing Venmo?
What are you wearing what sorry?
Um
$500 yeah, yeah, you know my at low low tie le a UX. Hello. Are you wearing a suit and tie Beck?
le x
Hello
He already rolled grip for this not on you yes
He was we were we've been together and he's been rolling through the like it's a fail
But also I don't think he's I don't think he's wearing a suit
I think we established earlier that he was not is I
Told him to take his jacket off before we left in the morning didn't we you did Joe you grab that table leak you had
actual anxiety about
Cal just said he's wearing a suit and tie cuz that's what he's wearing in his mind's eye exactly
But he's actually wearing a very elegant turtleneck. It's a light. That's fine
$500 at my at le a UX. Oh low low at le a UX
L Oh
Beautiful then Venmo. I'm waiting. I'm on speaker. I'm waiting for I'm watching. Hold on
It's my phone won't unlock with my glasses on. Oh
Mother son of a bitch Cal you need a hand. No, no. No, I've got this. I've got this
Beck what is my pin? It's seven eight nine four. Thank you. Thank you. Okay
Oh
There it is, thank you, all righty I'll send those addresses right over all right, I'll send you it in a text
No, you want me to say it? I'll pull it up. You're giving me those eyes. I can tell how do you yes?
We're face timing. I'm a bartender
you haven't hung up yet, so I still trust you but
Just say it, but if I send it to you, then I won't have to make up fake addresses while I'm talking
very smart
Yeah, all right, I'm gonna hang up now goodbye, I love you whoa, sorry click
You didn't even make it out every time you say that you didn't even mention the the car wreck that I made up
He
Didn't seem to need it so like we got addresses now do it. Yeah, we got a text
Eat a couple addresses in there both within
Probably within 15 minutes of this bar easy by subway or bus. What about the car?
We do what about what about super siren car C class Oh, probably ten. Maybe maybe less
I think we can do it in five depending on the trash. Let's go to the closest one Julius you get another text
How long is it in that all took a good 45 minutes so?
The text says like 45 from now soon or better. See you soon, okay?
You should say the names Richard Riley and Wilson Wylie
names
following names
following names following officer Richard Riley and
James
Wylie close was that right?
I
Was Wilson Wilson
Are you getting it? What are you doing? Okay? I could say right. I believe you
That means the world to me
See
Pd836 assigned officers Wilson Wylie James
One more time
Wilson Wylie and Richard Riley Richard Riley first. Oh, I know I got the wrong one first
Richard Richard Riley Wilson Wylie a widow ation
You
