0.00 50.56 speaker0  My life is great, and it's all my fault Cause my life is great, and it's all mine Cause my life is great, and it's all mine
44.00 292.48 speaker1  During this month of December, in the year of our Wolf 2022, so far, the Patreon for Pretending to and we would match it. So now we're talking $89.96. We would take that $89.96 and we would donate it to a crisis cold weather shelter here in Springfield. But it's not the end of the month yet, and we're going to match new and upgrading Patreon subscriptions through the entire month of December. So we'll double whatever we're up for December and send it on over to a cold weather shelter here in our community that takes in all genders, which unfortunately isn't common in our area yet. The shelter is open on any night when the forecast in this here part of Missouri is below 32 degrees, and it's hosted at Asbury UMC with three other churches joining in to help this need that's not currently being met by anyone else. So let's raise some money to help people doing good. Last year the Patreon shot up by like 400 bucks. We matched that 400, donated $800 to the crisis cold weather shelter. I'd very much like to beat that figure this year, so I don't know if we can get a raffle into the mix. Our Splashylvania Fastpass starts at $5 a month, and other tiers take place at multiples of five. So for every $5 you spend subscribing or upping your subscription this month on Patreon, you'll get an entry into the raffle. There will be three designs from the website, the merch store, the Patreon exclusive designs from season one, the new Patreon exclusive designs for season two, which will be announced later this month if they want to, play in a one-shot that I've written alongside the cast of PTBP as their a t-shirt, no worries. Now we did a raffle a couple years ago to support the bail fund, and we put up a match cap, which was wise because y'all raised over $5,000 that time, and matching that would have bankrupted me. So we'll go ahead and throw a $2,000 match cap on this sucker with our hopes high that y'all go off, because we'll gladly match it to help keep folks saccharine pot of sugar and syrup, we just dropped our contention PD Halloween special. It's the Butterfinger Bandit Keith Beans on our Patreon. The audio episode of that is now up, fully edited, ready for your ear holes. The boys were playing their season one characters, but like peanuts-aged kids, and they solved a mysterious theft that they witnessed at Klinker's daycare during the Halloween party. We had a blast, and we were back in contention. It was so much fun, and we're gonna do it again. So moving forward in the Patreon, starting this Monday night at 7 37 p.m. Central Time in the Den of Sin, we're gonna be kicking that he's calling The Lost Treasure of John Lee Pettymore. So Joe, Luke, and I will all be playing members of the Pettymore family in the wake of the events of season one, and we're so fucking and episode 18 of season two will be out next Friday, December 9th. So let's help folks in combination.
