0.00 97.48 speaker0  Small beans. Big beans. Spicy beans. Creamy beans. Those are just a few of the kinds of beans that I love. But you know which beans I love the most, do ya? It's y'all. It's your bean connoisseur, Wolf the Dog, cooking up a bean stew with you, live from 694.2 PTBP. Take your fart medicine, it's about to get gassy. This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Dimitri the Bear, who tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pod. A very simple, effective, and cherished action. They write, dearest Elaine, this one goes out to you. You've been my friend since longer than the time when gas is swirled and supernovae shined. You shared with me your feelings, thoughts, and toys, and readily endured with me the joys another insert name, the animal. We may be few, but we are powerful. But as a rancid poet, I am simply more clever. Whenever you write to me again, you better think twice,
95.36 106.42 speaker1  for I will not embarrass you,
103.18 155.34 speaker0  a map of the chaps madcap mishaps. Snap to or I'll slap you, no nap, no cap. Strap in and lap it up before we wrap it up. It's kudzu with no backbone.
152.26 394.88 speaker1  and his brother's partner's mother, Joan Robin, Keith Vigna, back at Hotel Motel, dreamt he stood at a bar, empty, except for himself and the bartender. The bar was run down, smelled of piss and vomit, and looked to have been vacated quickly by other customers. from the late 1800s, and spoke fearfully to Keith, asking if he wanted answers or maybe cocaine. as he'd had enough of the latter. The saloon-style door swung open, allowing the entrance of a woman Keith recognized. In her hands was a massive trunk, which she heaved onto the bar and opened. Inside was the camera red light lit, the gun also red light lit, the camera wouldn't be ready until one, and knowing the other two take a few days, asked what he should do if they come for him. As is the way with dreams, Mary was suddenly gone, and the barkeep, Lloyd, pulled a corkscrew from his pocket and held it on the bar in front of Keith, pointy side up. Lloyd then slammed his head into the corkscrew and held eye contact with Keith, as little bits of cocaine fell out of the hole in his head. Keith looked down and found the cocaine had fallen in the pattern of a stick figure family. He pulled out a $100 bill sporting the visage this little powder family. As he did, Lloyd phased through the back of the bar and out of sight. pulling into the department parking lot. and also running over the gruesome details of the murder-suicide he had just staged earlier in the early morning between Joan, Robin, dreaming he was rolling across the ground with ease, ignoring a man in a fancy suit who mopped the floor and mouth trumpeted along with Louis Armstrong. John seemed to be inside a closed store, but the door opened anyway, triggering the bell above. John looked up to the figure in the doorway, unable to identify them through the black cloak they wore, and this figure dropped a massive book on the ground before stumbling back into the night. John's vision began to distort, and he became disoriented. As it cleared, he found that he was a baby again, sitting on the floor in the back of clinkers. A young Gary Daley walked into the daycare at clinkers and pulled a large leather tome from his pack. He looked over his shoulder, and turning his attention back to the book, before approaching John with the stray page. reading from the paper, the script on which seemed to spark as he spoke the words. He continued to chant as he drew blood from his thumb and let it drip onto baby John. The sparks began to engulf the paper, and the flames danced around John's head before disappearing. Daley spoke to himself as he wiped the blood from John's head.
392.10 403.16 speaker2  "'Well, two down, one to go.'" Hey, hey, John, what are you thinking about?
400.16 971.62 speaker1  the contentioned police department parking lot, Drew, terrified, drove while Rosemary sat in the back running because he was close, because this was a chance to stop them. He narrowly dodged oncoming traffic and recognized he wouldn't make the water. He braced for impact. but he continued to run, trailing a stream of blood behind him. Ahead, Clark saw his old nemesis ignoring the pain in his knee in the window of his own house and mustered up the strength to climb out from the river. He called to himself from the backyard. He told himself to run, to get the fuck out of there. He noted a tightness in his chest An old Husky made its way down the road and paused before fleeing upon hearing the three cars approach. John turned and finally asked Rosemary's name, eventually explaining that if she wants the gun, Drew and John will need theirs back. Rosemary agreed, but was quick to explain that if she happened to go missing, Marvin Glass would find and torture anyone was parked in the lot, a red 2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse. Clark admitted to the taxi driver he had no money, but the cabbie explained the ride had been paid for already. Upon stepping outside, the other two cops wondered why Clark was dressed in pajamas. Clark lied saying he'd been sleepwalking. John smoothed things over between Rosemary and his nervous partners while insisting they would all soon be traveling to the city to deliver the gun to Marvin Glass. Marvin's sons were trying to find the gun. Given the officer's knowledge of the gun and the sons, John suggested they might be in a good place to do business with Marvin, essentially allying the contention PD with the Glass crime family. John thought that working together, they might be able to use the gun to bring people back from wherever they disappeared to. They planned to leave for the city as soon as the gun was in hand. the first animal they'd seen out of the water in days. They decided to head into the station rather than follow it when they remembered the strange sports car in their lot. Keith looked into the red 2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse and saw a massive container of creatine powder, empty Red Bull cans, and a pair of Oakleys. John, wielding two guns, kicked in the door to the station and shouted the words, "'Contention PD, freeze, douchebag.'" A young man in a blue suit and red striped tie had been pacing the floor of the department and froze Red Bull in hand. and invited the officers to take the FBI badge from his jacket. This was Agent Trent Chad. As soon as Clark had the badge, he tranquilized the agent with a dart from the circle of knowledge and Chad became immediately suggestible. Clark's partners were suspicious of the dart gun, but Clark explained that his previous night's detour had informed him the FBI would arrive. He couldn't give specifics, but this had all been expected. As the officers decided what to do with the tranquilized agent, Drew arrived and saw that Chad had been digging through the department's files. When Agent Trent Chad suggested the three present officers were some of the worst in history, the crew asked if he had any experience in PR. Chad had plenty of experience, it turned out, so the officers devised an impromptu press conference to calm the population. They settled on a filmed statement that confirmed everything was okay, that the contention PD should be given room to do what they need to do, and that everything done so far had been in the interest of the people. Having filmed the statement, they told Agent Chad to convey the same sentiments to his superiors. As Clark moved to the back of the station to retrieve his spare clothes, he noticed the cells were empty. Though the cell doors were locked, Dr. Marie Jacobs and the body of Doug Jacobs had vanished. Keith suggested they review the security footage. This footage revealed the cat running wildly about the station, jumping from spot to spot to spot. The Jacobs' bodies and their cells were picked up into the air and slammed into the ground repeatedly by some unseen force before they disappeared. The officers noticed the cat had been looking up when it became scared. Given the consistent patterns, they concluded this was all likely the work of the goo. The officers considered what they knew, that animals could see or sense the goo, and that they had the power to become animals themselves if they needed to. While discussing the possibilities presented by the strange evidence they'd collected, Keith said the camera might be active again at 1 p.m., a suspiciously specific thought. They walked into the evidence locker together and found the helmet red light lit, the camera red light lit, the gun red light lit, and the radio green light lit. Doug the cat appeared in the locker room and indicated he had something to say to Keith. Clark bolted from the room as Doug jumped up onto the shelf and began to rub along the green lit radio, fearing a body switch. and Rosemary tapped an impatient foot. John Lee Pettymore pulled Doug away from the radio and chided him for the attempt to switch bodies. The cat became frantic, but John hugged him tightly to his chest and began to consider the possibility of switching the man inside the cat back out for information. When Doug agreed to switch with the FBI agent, the officers suggested Agent Chad sleep and dragged his unconscious body into the evidence room. With everything set up for the switch, the officers listened from outside as the radio transitioned from music to a jumble of audio culminating in a high-pitched tone that screeched in their ears. Soon, they heard Chad's voice from inside. It was Doug, resituating himself in the body of the fit agent. Agent Chad and the cat's body attempted to make a panicked escape as they opened the door, but they captured him with Doug's help. The officers asked Drew to go buy a cat kennel, prompting a strange look. Rosemary began to insist on the gun and the officers became condescending. The officers ran after Rosemary and found her banging on the trunk of Drew's car saying she only wanted the briefcase in the back. With that in hand, she released Drew to his errand. Despite the tense situation, Rosemary calmly explained that the case contained five million dollars. Content, Rosemary returned to the police station. John and Clark followed. Inside, Doug stood marveling at his new body. He had a very clear memory of what had happened prior to the body switch, but before he could explain, he began to panic. He could see the ooze, though it was invisible to everyone else. Clark rushed to the sink and began to toss water about the station. John pulled a pipe from the break room sink, allowing water to flood onto the floor. Rosemary, unsure of what was happening, perched calmly on Drew's desk with the briefcase. They attempted to get more detail from Doug, but he was terrified. The water wasn't stopping the ooze. Doug made a run for the door. Keith and Clark followed him out to the parking lot, and there, they found him standing frozen. Doug's mental state continued to devolve as they led him to Keith's car, and their attempts to calm or slap sense into him failed. Clark confirmed that Doug and Chad's body was still under the influence of the tranquilizer. He was able to explain that in the days leading up to his becoming a cat, he had been sick. His wife, Marie, had brought the radio in,
968.84 981.10 speaker2  and a dream-like blur followed.
978.50 1239.56 speaker1  but Clark leaned into the idea. What was the worst that could happen to Doug if he helped in the dream? Inside, John found a vacuum and attempted blindly to capture the ooze. In leaping about, he noticed Agent Chad's briefcase on one of the desks. Assuming the coast was clear, he opened it, found several signs, a list, a map, and a small cell phone jammer that was turned on. Keith and Clark brought Doug back inside to see if he still saw the goo. He didn't, and he became distracted by his reflection in the break room mirror. Doug was unsure whether lingering animal instincts had allowed him to see the goo, He was pretty certain he was still in a dream. John drew the group's attention to the signs in Agent Chad's briefcase. They read, once the town Perdition, just west of contention, is heading this way. Please evacuate immediately. Don't forget your pets. The list contained all the locations Agent Chad had planned to place the signs, and the map detailed all the missing persons and the dates they disappeared. All the disappearances occurred on December 1st, 2nd, and 3rd. five minutes to turn over the gun. They used their time to decide between visiting Perdition or the city. The officers called Drew and asked him to put Chad's signs up in town, but Drew claimed he had seen literally no one on his errand. driven by an older woman. It was Jan Manstein, the mother of an Ari Manstein, whose name was not immediately familiar. Jan had arrived to gather Ari's possessions from the station. Her daughter had been killed The officers recognized that Ari's position matched that of Ray, or was it Tim, or Lauren, Florence, who they had sent to the hospital. As soon as they understood the name switch, the officers were flooded with memories of this fourth contentioned police officer, all of whom they last remembered sending to the hospital on an ambulance with Rosemary. Clark tried to console Jan as she cleaned out Ari's desk. She invited them all to her funeral the following day at the city cemetery, In the back room, Rosemary eyed the evidence locker that killed their colleague. she struggled to decide whether or not to tell her husband, Ari's father, Stan Manstein, who had been in the city asylum for 28 years. When John offered to tell him, she agreed enthusiastically. Just as Jan was leaving, they asked if she'd seen anybody about town as she came through, and she told them she hadn't. With Jan out of the station, the officers finally let themselves feel shaken into one almost anonymous individual, before they piled into the car. and threatened to kill her if she didn't return Drew's money. so that the gun's barrel was centered between her eyes.
1237.76 1245.72 speaker2  in the evidence locker.
1244.60 1269.90 speaker1  The message was followed by news of the Beans Robin murder suicide. John and Clark looked up at Keith DeGage's reaction. Keith stared at the ground and admitted that Ferguson was his brother but said he hadn't seen him in a while. Keith agreed it'd be worthwhile to check in with the city PD about the crime scene,
1268.34 1276.82 speaker2  on their way to the city,
1274.82 1299.14 speaker1  the teenagers and their pot smoking. Gone too were the protests. The town would have been silent if not for the distant sound of other cars and the cries of abandoned animals from the creek. Given that two of the cruisers had been involved in accidents, the officers told Rosemary to lead the way
1296.18 1309.94 speaker2  The crew stopped by Clark's spotless garage to ransack the US military branded crates they had stolen from John Peter's storage units
1307.34 1662.54 speaker1  a shoulder mounted anti-aircraft weapon, an EMP rifle, a grappling gun, a small gun that shot tracers, lots of grenades, a sniper rifle and a very tiny but powerful gun. Each of the officers also donned body armor and packed a small bag of cocaine. They remembered at the very last moment to bring the strange gun and camera John placed a call to Harry Klinker and immediately realized they had packed and failed to deactivate the cell phone jammer. As John waited for Harry to pick up, Keith began to receive missed calls and voicemail notifications. if he knew where everyone had gone but the gravel-voiced man could only guess. Harry, in turn, began to ask about the actions of the officers and lie the protests and so John began spilling details of the bizarre events they had witnessed in the last few days, much to the surprise of everyone else in the car, especially Doug Jacobs. Harry expressed some worry suggesting a spiritualist might be useful to John so John inquired about Harry's partner, Gary Daley, who dabbled in acting as a medium. Harry admitted Gary hadn't come home the night before. He did say that Gary had been meeting with his book group more regularly, a gathering of occultists that included Dr. Marie Jacobs and Mildred Mitchell. John thanked the barman and ended the call. Keith had received a single text and four voicemails while the jammer had been active, all from John Lee Pettymore IV. John ranted about Keith breaking in, fucking with his Smokies, and admitted that he had $5 million. The group texted Drew, asking him to keep an eye on contention in their absence. Doug Chad clarified that his central motivation was returning to his own body, but that he was willing to help for some cash on the side. At Doug's suggestion, the officers called Gary Daley on speakerphone and after several rings, they heard Gary in the middle of a conversation. When they asked about the witch, Gary explained he was chatting with Mildred Mitchell, the grandmother of Tildy B. Mitchell at her house. She was suffering a breakdown of sorts. See, Mildred was under the impression that her histories have been split, and she has become obsessed with a picture of the founders of contention. Silas Cole, she insisted, looked different than he did before, less attractive and possibly stupider. Mildred also believed she could see the reflection of Tildy B. in the photo. The officers were shaken by the thought that the gun at least appeared to send people back in time, and the split histories could explain in part their mysterious colleague, Ari. John asked about Gary's grandfather and described the recent dream in which Gary had performed a protection ritual on John. Gary admitted this had indeed occurred and went on to say his grandfather, Gingerfred, had passed down a book with three pages left and instructed Gary to read those pages over the heads of the boys, spilling blood in the process. The reason for this, Gary's grandfather had explained, and prepared to enter the city. The streets of the city were drab, gray, and littered with trash. and billboards covered the faces of buildings. The city residents seemed bloated and lifeless. In opposition to the industrial gloom, flowers of every shade and shape grew in the alleys and from cracks in the pavement. Rosemary led the officers downtown to a tall granite skyscraper. In a small surveilled parking garage, Rosemary gestured for the officers to enter a small elevator made of polished onyx. Everyone, including Rosemary, agreed that Doug's presence as FBI might prove valuable leverage. and for a while it seemed as though it didn't move at all. As John held the gun artifact up to the ceiling and called for an audience, one of the walls opened into a dark room. partially lit Marvin Glass. A humanoid figure with a massive gaunt frame dressed in a fitted black tuxedo and a red bow tie. Above the sharp see-through chin, a candy red lipstick messily encircled a round hole. The orifice began to move as Marvin Glass introduced themself and asked if the crew knew Marvin explained that Ferguson Beans had been trying to buy cocaine from a contention police officer. Cocaine that had been stolen from Marvin Glass. Rosemary was sent to collect the money from the deal. This surprised John who hastily suggested he knew nothing about the cocaine deal
1659.98 1667.32 speaker2  The officers were confused.
1664.80 1790.72 speaker1  but Marvin said he sent her specifically to recover the money. They pulled Doug Chad aside and instructed him to say the money had been confiscated by the FBI. but not the current concern. John clarified it was germane they were hoping to return to Marvin. John laid the situation out. It wouldn't be long before whatever haunted contention made its way into the city. Marvin explained in plain words that they cared more the officers began to switch blame to Rosemary. Marvin became increasingly agitated as John recalled the money had been in the woman's hand but she let it go for the promise of this strange gun. Marvin revealed they had orchestrated the killing of Ferguson Beans through Keith's niece, Francis Beans. Glass congratulated him on finishing the job so effectively. Francis herself emerged from the darkness behind the desk and flipped her uncle, Double Birds, as a third figure with spiky white hair and a long white lab coat This mad scientist stood tall behind Francis Beans and slowly tapped long, wobbly fingers of all these events but as the women backed into the darkness, Keith stepped forward Marvin told him he would receive his winnings if he was able to prove himself worthy. Marvin offered John support if he could prove himself capable.
1787.90 1801.48 speaker2  John asked Keith point blank if he had sold them out and Keith denied it before passing out.
1798.52 1856.24 speaker1  to the sounds of a jubilant crowd. The cages hung from the ceiling of a smoky, dimly lit room. Three other cages were present populated by a muscled stranger, a malnourished child and crowded the middle of the room on couches, cushions, piles of blankets, a papasan chair. in a plexiglass cage hanging over the center of the space. The crowd cheered as one teen began
1853.04 1865.72 speaker2  if his tiny gun had been seized. Thankfully for all of them, it had not.
1863.36 1898.48 speaker1  and tried to run back to his cage which had locked into place on the side of the hanging plexiglass room but he slipped on the blood of the beaten boy and panicked as the ceiling began to lower. The weakened champion boy scraped and crawled just quickly enough to slide into his cube of metal bars as the ersatz ceiling closed in on the perforated floor eliciting a guttural moan from the deceased,
1895.64 1904.44 speaker2  The blood rained down onto the gaudy
1900.40 1921.00 speaker1  Many held their mouths open and tongues out. and withdrew through an exit in the wall, and realized their turn would come soon.
1918.28 1926.08 speaker2  Keith had indeed located his tiny powerful gun
1923.16 1998.24 speaker1  to confirm the man was still suggestible. As a precautionary measure, they told him losing would allow him to wake up from the nightmare he believed he was experiencing. As retribution for the current state of affairs, John attempted to urinate on the audience but slipped and fell on his own penis. A few members of the audience happily bathed and noticed several important figures including the mayor, the chief of police and the district attorney of the city. Keith looked for a host or leader of the event and spotted at the bar a lone black clad figure who sported a mustache and medical scars on his forehead and neck. The man seemed to be watching over the event rather than partaking. As the cages locked onto the combat chamber, their doors opened and a buzzer sounded,
1995.16 2021.04 speaker2  The child, not older than 12, slowly crawled from the cage and stood. He began to beat his chest and scream. Clark called down through the plexiglass trying to convince someone in the crowd to put an end to the fight. saw him caught off guard when the boy flung himself
2018.72 2034.48 speaker1  The kick sent Clark into a rage and he turned on the malnourished boy. The two began to grapple but Clark easily gained an advantage on the small child pressing him into the floor of the room.
2032.52 2045.60 speaker2  of the cage begin to descend. hoping to render him unconscious.
2043.64 2055.84 speaker1  and began to proclaim his innocence seeing as the boy had attacked first. The crowd laughed as the ceiling closed in on the two.
2053.60 2067.80 speaker2  across the room toward his cage.
2064.64 2082.96 speaker1  under the looming human garlic press, the electrical current terminated. The boy's body was pressed through the holes in the bottom of the combat room,
2079.52 2092.60 speaker2  Clark's cage disengaged and headed away but seemed to jam and stopped just short at the dark exit.
2089.32 2143.76 speaker1  the word mayhem tattooed on the back of the muscled man who then introduced himself as Oz Mayhem Wolf. Oz couldn't locate Marvin in the crowd but revealed the man in black was Kevin. Marvin's head of security. John asked Oz if a large amount of money might persuade Marvin to free them and Oz scoffed at the idea. Oz explained the fights in the den of sin were easy. Keith considered his chances against a man like Oz and began to weep. He attempted to trigger the door release just as the cage began to move. against the plexiglass wall and John Lee Pettymore's cage
2140.16 2150.68 speaker2  The two men surveyed each other across the blood pool that once made up a child.
2147.94 2265.46 speaker1  grasping his tiny but powerful gun and the men worked together, Keith blasting the floor and John stomping on the cracks. When stray shots killed denizens of the den of sin, others rushed in to lap up their blood. It took three jumps to bust through the perforated circle The crowd went wild. Some attempted to flee while others basked in the violent scene. Keith fired toward the bar but missed Kevin, obliterating the barkeep instead. In a rage, John flew at the nearest attendee, a man with a curly mustache and a flowing ascot. of people obsessively drinking and snorting the blood on the ground. The man hadn't moved from his place at the bar. Keith tried to tackle this mysterious head of security but Kevin caught him midair and slammed Officer Vigna's head into the bar, leaving him limp and unconscious. As Clark shook his cage above, John rushed to Keith and grabbed the tiny gun from his hands. Looking into Kevin's eyes, John felt as though Kevin's dead stare seemed to flicker with the same acknowledgement. And John seized the moment to fire a couple rounds at the man. He missed and Kevin broke for the door,
2264.52 2273.88 speaker2  of the cage.
2271.00 2527.68 speaker1  from contention here in the Den of Sin. but John caught them and found out they designed the security system here in Marvin's lair. John tried to bargain with them to escort him out with limited success so he shot one in the knee. Fearful, the twins swore to pay John $5 million in exchange for their lives. This was interrupted by a voice near Clark Bishop's shish kebabed corpse. John looked over and saw a hunched man wearing an old tattered robe with a hood that covered his face. The voice was crackly and muttering something ancient and jaunty. A bright light began to form under the hood that was obfuscating this being's face. As it reached its hands into the light, the hood was drawn back and this old man ripped an unnaturally bright light out of his familiar face. This much older Clark Bishop took his beaming hands, reached deep into the chest of the unconscious Clark Bishop, yanked the bar from his younger self's chest and threw his limp former body over his older cloaked shoulder. The two Clark Bishops, old and dead respectively, told John Lee Pettymore IV that John Peters had tried to big time it at the den. Apparently he had posted online about these visions he saw while in a coma. When he came out of the coma, he was visited by an agent, Victor, who told him about a mind probing device being used by ISIS. John shot Richard Nichols in the other knee and then he finished the job and put old Dick Nichols out of his pleasurable misery. Rich began drinking his brother's blood before John forced him out of the den into a long hallway where they found the individual rooming quarters of Rosemary, Kevin, Charles and Francis. Rosemary had a framed picture of germane glass hidden under her pillow. On the photo of the slender, muscular man with tribal tattoo sleeves on both arms going down to his hands and fingertips, there was a sharpied heart around this man's face, Kevin had a Spartan room with a desk, bed and a chest of drawers. Under the desk, he had carved repeatedly, not Kevin. In between the mattress and box spring, there was a notepad. On every page, it said, I had the same dream again last night. She just says, I'm so sorry, he's just so beautiful. You don't have to do this, we can leave, we can run. Carved repeatedly inside the chest of drawers was the phrase, Mary in the woods. including the Piston Pig Farm. A draft email on his computer revealed that he and Rosemary had run into Tilde B in possession of the gun. Francis's room was a complete wreck, but was covered in advanced, seemingly impossible mathematical equations. There was also a small drawing of one of the small spheres. As John and Rich began to leave the dorm area, they noticed four figures in brown uniforms with fishhook sides, in a room lined with file cabinets, John Lee Pettymore IV found his own file. He learned that he was adopted by John Lee Pettymore III from Cole's orphanage. The next file he found was Kevin's. and looking much younger and happier than Kevin,
2522.72 2537.92 speaker2  John recognized his father, John Lee Pettymore III.
2534.12 2560.88 speaker1  and John Lee Pettymore III, alias Kevin, were once a team called K-Cell. Marvin Glass caught Kevin and Kyle, but Karen was able to escape. Marvin supernaturally forced Kevin to kill Kyle.
2558.08 2567.16 speaker2  with a picture of a disturbing-looking woman
2564.28 2574.80 speaker1  it showed an amount of unbridled pleasure
2572.80 2584.16 speaker2  found the snooping pair
2581.80 2601.16 speaker1  before attempting to face down his father with Keith's small but powerful pistol. John winged Kevin, revealing mechanical components below his skin, but to no avail, as John Lee Pettymore IV was immediately mowed down
2598.12 2620.28 speaker2  And then the world was dark for John, by pressure alone.
2615.84 2692.72 speaker1  onto the cold, hard floor, and he began rolling. His limbs extended from his form and slammed into the file cabinet walls the leverage he needed to fling his silver round frame at his target. As he landed down on Kevin, one of his appendages sliced into the soft tissue on the back of his prey's neck. Another snapped Kevin's head forward, and John could feel the fracture as a third reached in, gripped the top of the spine, and ripped the entire spinal cord out of John Lee Pettymore III's body in one swift motion, promptly forcing itself into the then vacant spinal column and it washed over the face below it, not of a person, gave his brother, Ferguson, so many years ago. Looking down at his wrist, he was wearing this watch,
2689.76 2699.28 speaker2  Dust clouds settled to reveal a horse
2696.04 2766.56 speaker1  and the bald man Keith knew as Billy Harrison, the one who took Keith's uniform and gun in the clinic, he was walking in Keith's direction, and he kept repeating, I did everything that you asked me to do, Officer Vigna. Holding up the strange looking camera Officer Pettymore found in the car of Julie Maxwell, Harrison took a picture of Vigna. The light was blinding, and as it faded, Keith was standing in darkness, dank and chilly. and as the face of Tildy B. Mitchell came into focus, Keith stood in an open field, the dead grass covered in a thin freeze crunching under his feet as he approached a metal hatch, The water began to flood this field at an alarming pace.
2762.64 2778.92 speaker2  in the rippling water, but something looked off.
2774.24 2861.40 speaker1  as well as tubes that ran to vats filled with fish. The tall mad scientist with spiky white hair woke up a dude with brown hair and frosted tips The scientist clicked a button and both Keith and the fratty Bread felt an intense pain through their entire bodies. She clicked the button again and the pain was gone. Suddenly, a fish head with a small human body popped out of Bread's pocket. The little fish fella was curious about the world. Both he and Bread had never left the room and they were really hoping Keith could help them venture into the beyond. Keith promised the two experiments he would take them to Las Vegas if they could help him. Just then, Keith's niece, Frances, came into the room. She showed Keith a mirror to reveal surgical scars across his brow, down his nose, past his lip and onto his collarbone. up to his elbow. which could be shot out of his index finger into his new metal nose, a nose capable of handling
2858.96 2872.00 speaker2  something brand new to Keith Vigna,
2870.00 2931.56 speaker1  freed Keith from his restraints. extra clothes, a too tight orange polo, teal shorts that were three sizes too big and a pair of Sperrys and put Peter Dieter up on his shoulder. They all left the room and as they tried to find the exit, they happened upon a black marble hallway with a massive door at the end and four guards with scythes shaped like fish hooks. The guards looked like fish people, like Peter, but fully grown, human sized. As Keith, Bread and Peter bailed, Frances intercepted the group and took them to see Marvin Glass.
2927.12 2960.96 speaker2  before he turned around to face the chai fraps. by killing Ferguson if Keith will do
2956.76 2976.32 speaker1  walked back over to the unfathomably massive aquarium and reached unnaturally through the glass. He placed Peter Dieter into the murky water
2972.96 2996.12 speaker2  Some sort of giant fish monster in the aquarium until the problematic robotic boy could no longer function.
2994.44 3015.24 speaker1  to his next task. In order to prove Keith's loyalty and pay his debt, Keith must go to the Manstein funeral
3012.00 3022.32 speaker2  The air, like gravity, felt stronger than normal
3019.96 3050.08 speaker1  Clark sensed a sudden drop in temperature as a stainless steel door appeared When he turned around, he was greeted by the face of Tildy B. Mitchell on a television screen. Suddenly, Clark was running down the street, the street on which he lived.
3049.08 3057.96 speaker2  on the left.
3054.40 3295.84 speaker1  His screams echoed infinitely into the endlessness to see the face of his once mentor, Gerald Fingerson. but Gerald had aged with grace. It was December 6th, a crisp winter morning and Clark was dressed only in briefs and a pump and dump branded t-shirt. Clark wore no shoes or socks and despite the cold and the recent events, the man felt amazing, the best he'd felt in a long time. A string was wrapped around Clark's wrist and attached to a bag of ice from which protruded a rod. The bag of ice leaked red liquid down the driveway on which the two men stood, centered in a suburban neighborhood. Clark noted the name Jim Cook on the mailbox nearby. Gerald didn't know how Clark had come to be in the driveway. He discovered him there as the officer regained consciousness. Clark hastily recalled the events in the Den of Sin, none of which were familiar to Gerald. Opening the bag of ice, Clark recognized the bar was pulled from a cage in the Den of Sin. As he checked himself for wounds that might account for the blood, Clark pulled up his shirt to reveal a gaping hole where his heart should be, lined with skin and cartilage. He was rightfully shaken, despite feeling physically well. Gerald declined to touch Clark's body hole and suggested they step inside the house where he'd planned to share a dinner Clark had to inform Gerald that Jim had been found dead in an alley. Clark and Gerald decided it would be wise to leave the street and made their way into the unlocked Cook residence. The house was older but cozy. Papers and binders were strewn across the living room, covering every surface and stagnant dust hung in the light from the window. Clark made his way to the bedroom and donned a pair of Jim Cook's pants, of his parents on the fridge. They were posed in silly hats with Jim Cook His investigation further discovered a bullet-torn tarot card. Behind the couch, Clark noticed an empty holster. In the bathroom, Clark found a smooth silver ring with a plateau on top. The leather cover of the thicker tome was embossed with a familiar symbol, a large circle surrounded by six smaller circles, and the other was a thin, red notebook. It seemed vaguely familiar. Clark opened the leather tome where a girthy wooden bookmark it is only through death that he may rise again. shining from its maw. The book closed with supernatural force as Clark tried to flip forward the revelation of the overseer, calling it the scratches of a broken man. The letter went on to outline a set of new guidelines, including the immediate reassignment of all members of the disposal unit. The circle symbol was present at the top of the letter and it was accompanied by the creed,
3292.16 3327.64 speaker2  The clicking hammer of a cocked gun startled Clark. dripping blood from the ice bag. Chief Maggie Cook spoke behind him, Gerald halfheartedly stood between the two as Clark explained that he thought Maggie was dead.
3324.04 3363.04 speaker1  and the two awkwardly sandwiched Gerald in a hug. Clark told Maggie he'd seen the charred remains of her body and it marked the first time Clark of Clark's presence in her father's home. He explained he had gaps in his memory and Maggie prodded Clark's chest where the tunnel had formed. She gasped as Clark lifted his shirt.
3361.32 3368.92 speaker2  that she'd been waiting a long time for these events to occur.
3366.28 3381.28 speaker1  that Maggie had always been a bitch
3379.12 3405.92 speaker2  as he frantically tried to convince Clark that Maggie was not to be trusted. As they grasped hands, Clark felt nothing but air. Gerald Ferguson dissipated.
3405.08 3416.44 speaker1  Are you here?
3413.96 3421.36 speaker2  fearing it contained what had been scraped out
3418.92 3428.80 speaker1  Maggie investigated and found a heart impaled on the bottom of the metal rod. Clark emptied Jim's ice trays
3426.24 3437.68 speaker2  before joining Maggie in her silver Camry
3433.60 3464.68 speaker1  Clark used the silent drive to examine the canvas bag next to the human heart in the ice. given at the beginning of the bonus round of Wheel of Fortune.
3462.32 3473.60 speaker2  She answered by explaining that the leather tome
3470.80 3491.12 speaker1  The Circle of Knowledge believed the overseer was coming to set an order in the world and they prepared the way and protected the world from unnatural forces. Maggie had been skeptical, but she claimed to be coming around to an understanding of the forces at play.
3487.68 3498.88 speaker2  She believes fire and fear kept the world safe,
3496.08 3529.92 speaker1  and the Circle of Knowledge had been tasked and broke down as he tried to explain the horrors she asked in turn if the ant questions when it's being moved by a boot. They lapsed into silence again
3526.24 3547.84 speaker2  as the Camry pulled onto a country road outside of town, passing through a verdant tunnel of trees on the way to the mill.
3545.00 3553.08 speaker1  none of whom paid any mind to Clark's current dress
3550.68 3577.32 speaker2  Clark recognized no one. Clark recognized the room at the bottom, circular with six stone slabs.
3573.04 3585.88 speaker1  from previous placements and their skin was rotted.
3584.72 3590.64 speaker2  Clark was reluctant,
3588.72 3597.12 speaker1  neither flesh nor limb. Maggie agreed, mostly,
3594.96 3609.96 speaker2  now that the game had changed. Clark called for Leon, but Maggie told them they'd been sent away. She grabbed his shoulders and repeated the creed, faith through knowledge.
3607.52 3652.12 speaker1  She claimed Clark needed knowledge and pressed on his chest Inside the cartridge was a xenonimatode and with a swift motion,
3650.04 3658.60 speaker2  all dimly lit from below. The 12 appeared to be following the massive being as they walked away from Clark.
3657.20 3675.72 speaker1  When Clark moved closer,
3672.00 3713.68 speaker2  changing and glitching and it roared as Maggie returned the xenonimatode back into the ground. about what he had just witnessed. He asked if there's anything Maggie could do about the heart. She lifted it from the bag by the rod, slowly sliding the organ from the metal. Maggie held the heart in one hand as it began to sputter blood.
3712.84 3723.12 speaker1  from the corner. She ran the stick through the hollow rod and caught two small pieces of metal
3720.56 3786.92 speaker2  Maggie reminded Clark of their backup plan from the last job and noted he hadn't come back in time. The circle of knowledge had already tried to take his heart once and yet he still stood. She gave Clark his first job, refusing to answer further questions. The job would take Clark to Ari's funeral at the city cemetery. at his daughter's funeral. Clark was initially horrified waiting to break into this world, steeled himself and requested a firearm.
3783.72 3986.72 speaker1  Inside, he found a wooded territory under which two children held hands. John's senses began to be overwhelmed he saw he was now in his father's former frame. John decided to covertly remain Kevin for as long as he could. Rosemary called for Kevin to join her and John Lee Pettymore IV followed in his new body, though he largely failed in his attempts to extract any intelligence. At the end of a black marble hallway, jumpsuited fishmen guarded Marvin's massive, strange office door. Marvin greeted them, Rosemary and Kevin, and announced they were moving into the final phase of contentions demolition. A small silver sphere sat on a tripod atop Marvin's desk and an intense light show glinted out from the room behind him. Marvin ordered Rosemary and Kevin to go to the funeral of Ari Manstein, the contention police officer, was successful in his mission to apprehend Stan Manstein. As they headed out into the city, John Lee Kevinmore witnessed a rowdy band of revelers using dirty dog grooming loyalty cards to enter a grate that took them underground. Keith left the glass compound and headed to the funeral of Ari Manstein and his police cruiser. The strange gun and camera with glass tubes as well as a voicemail that said the mass is growing and pleaded for the officers to stay far away from contention. and big coral shorts and boat shoes. In the city cemetery, the smell of a crawfish boil wafted through the above ground mausoleums and directed Vigna to the funeral, where he spoke briefly to Ari's mother and took a seat in the front row. Clark came to on the concrete slab in the middle of the underground dungeon room at Ari Manstein's funeral, he was free to do whatever he pleased. She offered to house him back at the circle of knowledge if he wanted. and working more often eventually.
3984.60 3995.64 speaker2  She was glad to see Clark's fire. She said that's exactly what they need in the organization.
3993.04 4007.40 speaker1  an old contention police uniform, and a silver Honda Accord.
4005.84 4011.92 speaker2  While he was busy pumping,
4009.68 4188.86 speaker1  into his car passenger seat. Phone was scrubbed clean, save a single text message that read, do you wanna know why your parents were killed? Clark immediately texted back, who is this? Clark arrived at the city cemetery and followed his nose to a small clearing Sat up there by the crawfish boil was Keith Vigna wearing Sperry boat shoes, big coral blue shorts, and a tight orange polo. From Clark's distance, Keith looked healthy. Clark, however, last remembered seeing Keith fucking die. Then again, Clark seemingly came back from the dead himself, so maybe it wasn't that surprising. Clark didn't see Stan or John Lee Pettymore. Leaning casually against a mausoleum, he tried to inconspicuously hide in the back of the crowd. Rosemary revealed the news of Charles' death shook her as she thought the enhancements made them more robust. Kevin reflected on the truth. where they found a large crawfish boil. John saw Keith sitting in the front row in an old-fashioned contention PD uniform. John split away from Rosemary, approached Clark from behind, and muttered, bubblegum tree. Recognizing the body of Kevin, Clark was apprehensive but tentatively responded, bubblegum tree. John Lee Kevinmore said nothing thanked everyone for coming, and introduced her ex-husband, who doesn't get out very often. Stan Manstein, dressed in all white, his hair and beard both long and tangled, his face weathered like leather, approached the microphone flanked by three heavily armed guards with various scars across their faces. And then Stan began to speak in a fully nonsensical language, but through the noise, the three officers heard Stan in perfect English She was those things when she was a police officer.
4185.20 4235.70 speaker0  that employed the town nearby of contention. that sat right above the mine itself. He began to harvest the residue
4233.44 4269.92 speaker1  To divert his raising paranoia, he began looking for a partner.
4267.86 4283.70 speaker2  The guards looked slowed as well. Clark made his way to the front.
4282.14 4375.16 speaker1  down to the tip of his finger, as well as across his forehead down his face. It didn't seem like the crowd was able to understand Stan's speech, but the three armed guards started to converge on Manstein, though they moved in slow motion. Following his orders, Clark drew his gun and shot Stan in the chest. and began firing at one of the armed guards. The crowd dispersed, panicked. Keith joined in firing at the guards with his small, powerful gun. Three gunshots rang out from an unseen location, finishing off one of the scar-faced, black tactical gear-clad guards. Another guard tried to fire off his wire arm, like the android that attacked them at James the Millworker's house, but this time the massive man accidentally hogtied himself. John executed the other robot man and Keith shoved his fingers into Stan's bullet wounds to plug the leaks, which jolted Stan back to consciousness. The restrained robot guard fired at Clark, putting bullets in his chest and arm. Stan mustered the strength to continue his speech
4373.40 4382.04 speaker0  and went about their business. But then some good people disappeared, a professor, a circuit judge, a rancher, a homesteader,
4380.42 4428.76 speaker1  the homesteader's wife. Upon finishing his speech, Stan's body seemed to instantly turn itself inside out and blip out of existence.
4427.84 4433.84 speaker2  who had shot him.
4432.56 4455.74 speaker1  while screaming. Metallic clangs and buzzes clanged and buzzed, sparks sparkled and wires spilled out of the robot guard's head. The crowd had made a run for it and the three officers stood in silence over the three massacred metal man bodies next to the crawfish boil in the casket.
4454.82 4460.94 speaker2  It was.
4458.24 4530.66 speaker1  Keith's scars and Clark's dated uniform, the three men held each other at gunpoint. but he owed Kevin's organization, Keith went and occupied himself with the crawfish pot. Kevin explained he used to be John Lee Pettymore IV. John Lee Pettymore was more of a state of mind. Turned out John's daddy was lobotomized and had been Marvin Glass's head of security for a while. When John died, it seemed he was some kind of alien squid being or something. He sucked out of John's brain and entered his dad's body. Clark tried to clarify the squid being part. Kevin said he didn't really know. Maybe he was just mechanical. only John would know.
4528.54 4542.92 speaker2  and John confirmed the story. As they embraced, Clark whispered into John's ear, Kevin didn't believe him
4540.26 4563.40 speaker1  but that there were other versions of each of them. Kevin explained he saw Clark broken and shattered on the ground back in the Den of Sin, but an older Clark came by, whispered some shit over the body, and the two disappeared in a flash of light. Clark lifted his shirt and showed John the hole
4560.56 4568.20 speaker2  Clark told John about waking up with his own heart
4565.64 4579.28 speaker1  He said he was now working for the Circle of Knowledge
4577.32 4583.60 speaker2  drag Keith's body away.
4581.84 4611.42 speaker1  into the new Charles. The Glass family performed some sort of upgrade procedure on all of their cronies. straight into the boiling pot of crawfish. John walked up to Keith and whispered in his ear,
4609.92 4626.30 speaker2  and punched him in the gut.
4623.88 4676.18 speaker1  Marvin wanted to demolish contention so he could have the land. He recounted the vision he saw, barely keeping it together. Clark explained the Circle of Knowledge is a group he worked for now that tried to keep the thing he saw in the vision from becoming a reality. Part of that mission apparently included The Glass family rebuilt him and tasked him to get the hell away from contention. Unfortunate because Clark had planned on grabbing his guns and things from his house and moving shop up to the mill on the other side of the city.
4674.56 4699.96 speaker2  were still in the evidence room at the contention police department.
4697.64 4724.32 speaker1  Images begin flashing through your mind, just snippets, moments, and you try to keep up as the speed of this sequence waxes and wanes. the little pond behind Chief Maggie Cook's house in contention. You see a television.
4720.32 4728.52 speaker2  R-S-T-L-N-E.
4726.56 4762.26 speaker1  The ground is scorched. you see a massive, shiny metal sphere, 20 feet tall, with silvery arms extending from either side. A tube connects this gargantuan ball to a machine below. The machine begins whirring, and you see a small metal sphere, roughly one inch in diameter, begin moving up through the tubing into the larger armed version of itself.
4759.06 4779.94 speaker2  and a disorienting amount of light and sound by an unseen crowd, Planet Juggernaut.
4777.32 4894.08 speaker1  and you see Marvin Glass standing at his desk in the grand room you recently stood in as Kevin, alongside Rosemary. Marvin is holding the odd camera with glass tubes entitled Clark Bishop and Keith Vigna, about the Beans family, the tragic accidental deaths of William and Lena, Keith's parents, the takeover of the family business and love. behind asymmetrical bangs covering one of her eyes. And written in Sharpie underneath the mugshot, it says in all caps, Karen. In the mid morning sunlight, in the wake of a funeral gone horribly awry, Keith and Clark watched John's eyes, which had rolled into the back of his head, returned to normal. John believed he'd developed the second sight in his transition from John to Kevin, or perhaps he'd had it all along. He relayed everything he saw sans the planet juggernaut bit. Keith recalled his brother's watch was in his safe at Hotel Motel. When Keith had put on the watch, he felt like he was on some alternate plane and knew he needed to take it off. Clark asked Keith if it was as though the ground were made of light. No, it was more like in his mind, he was seeing different stuff. It was hard to decipher what was real and what wasn't. John asked if Bean's pond meant anything to anyone.
4892.08 4899.20 speaker2  those were the things he saw.
4896.68 4933.24 speaker1  flashing on the TV are the letters they give you for the final puzzle in Wheel of Fortune. When Clark woke up with the hole, he had a bag with him. In the bag was what he thought was his heart and next to that was another bag that had those letters in it. John informed them they are not the first group of three to try to combat this kind of stuff. Before John, Clark, and Keith, there was a group called K-Cell. Kevin, John Lee Pettymore IV's adopted father
4930.88 4941.00 speaker2  a man named Kyle, unknown,
4938.04 4944.76 speaker1  John told Clark he knew Anne Love
4943.84 4950.80 speaker2  He didn't know why,
4947.76 5053.76 speaker1  and Karen was the only one to get away. John had one when he arrived at the Glass family compound. Marvin Glass had one and he wanted to collect more and learn how they work. They realized the one John had was now likely in the possession of Marvin Glass. and up that tube he saw one of the small spheres go. A huge light opened in the ceiling like it was opening to allow this thing to come through and the wall behind it read, Planet Juggernaut, like the bedding stubs they found and made him feel like he was going insane, but one of the feelings he had was wet dirt and grass on his fingers and he saw a metal door slightly buried that read, here lies the beans, scientists beyond measure, Keith was positive somewhere along the beans bloodline Clark reminded Keith it was someone related to Keith that came in and solved the town's Silas with his family being scientists
5051.84 5060.64 speaker2  but he felt the door was real
5058.56 5068.72 speaker1  One of the last things Clark remembered
5065.80 5086.16 speaker2  to kill his own brother, Ferguson Beans. Keith had even asked where the money was.
5084.52 5153.00 speaker1  since they were little boys. had tasked them with quote neutralizing the threat and they were supposed to call a phone number. It'd been about 48 hours since they'd seen the agents and the agents had given them a 48 hour deadline so it'd be right about now that they'd be receiving a call Keith tried giving Drew a call but it went straight to voicemail. John pointed out the Glass family might think Keith is still one of them and they definitely think Kevin John is still one of them as well. And while Keith may have failed at his mission of bringing Stan Manstein back, he wouldn't have to infiltrate the Glass building. He could return under the guise of bringing in the guy who killed Stan Manstein, that being Clark.
5150.24 5161.20 speaker2  on the way to the Glass family compound. Suddenly, with an erupting shriek,
5158.88 5189.80 speaker1  on top of a nearby mausoleum. with long limbs wearing a black suit over its gaunt frame covered in translucent skin. please add me the book, please.
5187.16 5197.76 speaker2  one of its overtly long arms.
5193.60 5217.96 speaker1  John reached out a hand in greeting from 20 feet away. The creature's arm was long, but not that long. Keith ran behind the closest mausoleum and hid as he pulled out his gun. Clark felt an internal struggle, but managed to overcome it and he continued to hold his gun steady at the creature.
5215.60 5229.08 speaker2  please give me the book. Clark didn't know what book the creature was talking about.
5225.52 5308.80 speaker1  Kevin John responded in truth that his name was Kevin John and that it was a long story. He asked the creature its name. Kevin Lee Pettimore the Thirth said again The creature claimed it could feel the book was nearby. Clark looked around for Keith and noticed him with his small powerful gun. The bullet blasted through the creature's arm, but as it did, the arm merely dissipated and began to slowly reform. Before Keith could smell the smoke from his gunshot, the creature was standing in front of him with a hand on Keith's throat, holding him up against the outside of the mausoleum. It was as if they had all been standing still as the creature walked casually towards him, but it moved at an impossible speed.
5307.52 5331.44 speaker2  He was here for the funeral The thing slowly placed Keith back on the ground And with that, Keith wasn't scared.
5328.72 5388.20 speaker1  John told Clark to give it the book. Clark stuttered and stammered nervously insisting he didn't know what book it wanted, he did not have a book The creature looked around frantically, muttered to itself and began freaking out, unable to understand why Clark didn't have the book. Keith searched Ari's coffin for a book. All he found was Ari's corpse and all he achieved was upsetting the already confused old lady who had been left there on her own, unable to leave the funeral quickly in her wheelchair. Clark asked the creature to describe the book but the creature only responded that it was necessary for it to take the book from him because Clark's time with the book had come to an end. They did not want him using the book any further. The creature insisted the book was there and it needed to bring it back. Keith started shooting the thing again,
5386.52 5392.16 speaker2  paranoid and afraid.
5389.76 5583.48 speaker1  with smooth words and quick slaps. When he snapped out of it, Keith wondered aloud if that thing reminded them of Marvin Glass. Conversations circled back to the book. Clark mentioned he had previously encountered a strange book at Jim Cook's house. Jim Cook was in the circle of knowledge and Clark had found a particular leather bound book of his that was quote, freaky deaky. He also described this book as quote, extremely grimoire-ish and it had the symbol of the circle of knowledge on the front. It was possible that this was the book the creature had wanted but he hadn't taken it. Keith asked if Clark opened this book. It was held shut by some unseen force. Keith asked if he meant like magnets to which Clark agreed. There on the final page, Clark had seen a drawing of a hooded figure with light coming out of its mouth. Written over and over and over on top of that covering the whole page it read, it is only through death that he may rise again. Clark went on and explained it was some kind of sacred text Clark thought the overseer was maybe a good guy who lays peace on the world or something like that. John remembered when he saw old Clark, he was wearing robes and he and dead Clark disappeared into a bright light that came from his mouth. Keith was confused about what he meant by old Clark and dead Clark. John unhelpfully clarified the Clark that brought this Clark back to life. Keith defended that this was the first to already know a lot more than he did. that light came out of his mouth and then he reached into regular Clark and they both disappeared. That made total sense to Keith and they all agreed. John suddenly remembered he'd arrived with Rosemary. Looking around John didn't see Rosemary but he did see two city police officers headed their way. He warned the others they should skedaddle but they all kept talking, failed to escape notice and were told to freeze. Clark turned still with gun in hand and told the officers everything was fine, that they were contention PD. The city cops said they were responding and called the officers, quote, motherfuckers. The city officers brought out notebooks to take statements. Kevin John then approached, pulled out a dirty dog grooming loyalty card and suggested the officers not bother. He was with Mr. Glass. They started to ask Kevin to apologize but quickly changed their minds covering the names on their badges and turning away before they hoofed it out of there. John shared that the loyalty card opened the door to the den of sin. You know, the place where they were held
5581.40 5598.40 speaker2  He had seen a bunch of rowdy degenerates use theirs to open an entrance in the ground of an alley.
5594.20 5614.44 speaker1  Together, they picked up the coffin of Ari Manstein.
5611.60 5623.80 speaker2  They seemed to be ignited by the steady chanting
5619.96 5694.64 speaker1  held by an old Clark Bishop wearing a dark cloak which covered almost all of his face. A light began to emanate from his mouth. The words he chanted ignited lifted from the page His lifted hands were cut open of the coffin leaving Keith as the sole bearer of the wait. The coffin hit the ground. Ari's corpse plopped limply out and onto the blood-soaked floor of the cold and dusty crypt. by this magically sashaying fire. The light should have been comforting but Clark was overwhelmed with the urge to leap at the older version of himself.
5693.20 5704.60 speaker2  There was a pool of blood. half hanging out of her broken coffin.
5702.72 5716.56 speaker1  Keith wore a tight orange polo with big coral blue shorts and boat shoes. Clark donned a vintage contention police uniform.
5714.20 5773.72 speaker2  and on the bottom of their left feet and in the palm of their dominant hands. Their backs Drew. Their left souls Maggie. And their dominant palms Tildy. on the bottom of Clark's left foot, the skin had been eaten away in a very particular pattern. A circle surrounded by six smaller circles. They were scared and confused. They didn't know what the names on their bodies meant and they needed to see a doctor.
5772.04 5798.08 speaker1  On the way to Jim Cook's house, Keith called the number Agent Kennedy left behind. but that the incident had been covered up and asked to speak to the FBI officers instead of a recording.
5795.44 5817.24 speaker2  the one with the circle of knowledge logo on it. The only page they could open to The page read, it is only through death that he may rise again. Over and over and over behind the image
5814.88 5864.20 speaker1  Clark then revealed an envelope containing a letter from Jim Cook. His letter's intent was to quote, refute the revelation of the overseer, which it called quote, the scratches of a broken man. The letter ordered the immediate reassignment of all members of the disposal unit. included a ring, smooth and silver the ring glowed and revealed a familiar symbol, an M made of four double helices.
5863.08 5868.64 speaker2  and wore it.
5866.52 6032.20 speaker1  It dripped from the ceiling above him. where the vodka drip would have come from. Unable to find the door to this hidden room, Keith kicked a hole through the wall where the room would be. Keith landed on the other side of the wall, pushed through by his colleagues and covered in debris. Inside, they found a small living room setup. A chair with an end table faced a TV VCR unit that set atop a pile of thick books. A desk and a chair were pressed up against one wall and a handle of vodka had tipped over on the floor nearby. Its contents soaked the carpet Clark noted a proper door in this room that led into the upstairs hallway. Static played on the television and illuminated the titles of the tomes underneath, He slipped the vial into one of his spacious pockets. The TV VCR unit had no input cable or antenna, a tape labeled Bishops WOF was discovered inside the unit. It contained an episode of Wheel of Fortune, on which Clark's parents were contestants. They had just been married and were hoping to win money for their honeymoon. On the desk were three folders and an envelope. The first folder contained a large stack of papers regarding Operation Stapler. The double helix M logo appeared on the second page and gleaned that it was the work of someone who had been tasked with rewriting an existing program put in place to create androids. This respect operation aimed to cut costs John Googled myriad and the screen briefly wobbled before returning to normal with no clear results. The second folder was entitled Operation Hole Puncher. The title page included the name and symbol of the circle of knowledge. This folder contained a list of companies, mostly nonprofits, think tanks, charities and universities. The third folder referred to Operation Three Ring Binder
6030.44 6036.40 speaker2  tucked into the pocket.
6034.04 6068.92 speaker1  eventually making it to the bonus round. As the final puzzle was displayed, Clark's mom turned to his dad and said, we were already given the best letters. They solved the final puzzle and won the prize, a honeymoon. Clark noticed the tape in the VCR showed a great deal
6067.64 6078.20 speaker2  that I write to you. I fear a change is coming.
6075.68 6357.32 speaker1  scheming with treacherous intent. I have recently grown a tail. He is not particularly skilled in going unnoticed. He is an odd little man with round glasses on a fat face with no hair and no chin. He is a journalist fired for trying to write an expose on Marvin Glass. Signed, Jim Cook. Several individual letters in this letter were over or underlined and the men quickly found the name Maggie Cook was coded into the message. They inferred Jim thought his daughter might be the traitor the connection between Chief Cook and Harold Dorsey, the resurrection of Maggie and the lurking horror The men didn't come to any clear conclusions, but agreed Marvin Glass was the most addressable threat they had. With that, they resolved to storm the gates of the Glass compound using Clark as a false hostage. On the way, John mentioned the Glass company card for Large Eddie's Gun Emporium in Kevin's pocket. Large Eddie himself kicked open the door to the back where he kept all the cool guns. The renegade officers equipped themselves with a sampler There, as John pulled out the dirty dog grooming loyalty key fob, the great gave way beneath the men's feet and they plummeted into darkness below. As they fell downward into darkness, the former cops slowed to a feeling of weightlessness before being abruptly confronted with a bright light, huge words in a spray painted font and a deafening voiceover saying the same, with hundreds of screaming spectators and a shadowy form began to emerge, but before this person could even hit the lights of the arena, a giant metal tentacle erupted into view, gripping the humanoid being and ripping it out of frame. The screen faded to black and they found themselves in an oily obsidian room with an entrance to the scrap pit and a separate door guarded by two fishmen armed with scythes. On seeing the officers, the guards moved to let them through this door. Keith and John marched Clark through and into an elevator and they saw five malnourished children attended to by grandmotherly old women in identical clothes. These women poured a liquid into the mouths of the unconscious bodies. Keith and John both saw a ghostly black dog and red lion diving in and out of the bodies. One of the women entered the elevator with our heroes inside and it continued moving. She introduced herself as Ursula and explained her role in preparing the sacrifices. The boys exited the elevator into a massive foggy room that contained a network of catwalks dangled large hooks between the catwalks and some of these hooks suspended prisoners above the water. Doug Jacobs in the body of Agent Trent Chad This entire chamber was seemingly patrolled by one fish man and Francis Beanes could be heard questioning Cathy and George Piston deeper into the cavernous space. as well as the residue and outbreak in contention Kevin John got Francis's attention and told her that they'd brought Clark as a prisoner to torture and that Marvin wanted to see her right then. She was not convinced to leave immediately
6354.96 6364.72 speaker2  so Keith resorted to his backup plan. He tried to whack her with his heavy metal hand.
6363.56 6420.72 speaker1  She was about to run for it but Kevin John persuaded her to stay for more of her beloved torturing. At that moment, it occurred to Keith he might be swimming with the giant creature the massive creature swallowed both Keith and George which prompted a failed sneak attack from John. Francis countered by pushing the hook directly through John's shoulder.
6418.20 6436.32 speaker2  Clark kicked her right over the edge into the water Keith Bigna and George Piston
6434.00 6443.56 speaker1  They tried to claw and push their way out
6440.48 6483.48 speaker2  slowly digested them. skin covered in burns.
6480.60 6513.76 speaker1  about why she was supplying people to the Circle of Knowledge. Clark admitted he already knew why and told Kathy he was working with Maggie. Kathy agreed to help the team take down Marvin Glass her crack shot ability was a necessary addition.
6511.48 6520.48 speaker2  in the body of Agent Chad.
6517.52 6525.84 speaker1  She said Jim's daughter was rougher around the edges
6523.70 6535.36 speaker2  to pay too close attention. Clark told her the truth about Leo's last hours
6531.56 6590.16 speaker1  On the metal catwalk above the hazy greenish water stood Clark Bishop, John Lee Pettymore IV in the body of his father, John Lee Pettymore III, AKA Kevin, Keith Vigna, Kathy Piston, and Doug Jacobs in the body of Agent Trent Chad. The only exit they could see, a closed elevator door. The issue, fishmen in brown jumpsuits with mouths full of human teeth and scythes. And those human teeth mouths, they were singing.
6586.04 6598.72 speaker2  an enormous creature with a huge pus-leaking wound in its side and a hunger in its eyes.
6596.46 6604.42 speaker1  and ripped its claws through his skin,
6601.00 6613.54 speaker2  The pain was too much for Keith Vigna to bear,
6611.16 6651.40 speaker1  wearing old-timey clothing. right in the middle of her head. Regardless of how she turns to look, either way, you can see right through the middle of her head, and she is walking toward you. As she walks, her clothes change multiple times, as if she's in an unnatural fashion show you see the house of Chief Maggie Cook go up in flames.
6647.40 6660.84 speaker2  but this time, right now, you see it from the backyard. The fire spreads and explodes toward you,
6656.82 6675.46 speaker1  to see these flames ignite the pond, Bean's Pond,
6671.64 6688.68 speaker2  Ferguson Beans, crouched over a hatch in the ground, wearing a cowboy hat and spurs,
6684.92 6716.28 speaker1  You look up, and the pond is filled with water and animals, until the B. Mitchell comes walking up out of the water toward you, the air was still heavy, the fishman's teeth were still unsettling, and the elevator door had still yet to open.
6714.16 6722.84 speaker2  Flash bangs erupted and flashed.
6718.90 6815.34 speaker1  was decapitated by the scythe of a fishy humanoid. and persuaded the enormous fish monster to dive back down below the surface. One of the human-sized bipedal amphibians lodged its scythe into the skull of Kathy Piston. However, an unseen force suddenly grabbed John and dragged his body down to the bottom of the tank, up against the glass of this gargantuan aquarium. into the unblinking eyes of Marvin Glass, and as John Lee Kevinmore the thirst's lungs
6810.86 6879.50 speaker2  of the enormous creature, as well as bits of George Piston, floated to the surface. Clark broke down in tears as a god who had failed his followers. The elevator arrived. before going to see if he could find John's corpse. He did not. In a desperate search for closure, he found John Lee Kevinmore the thirst's body on the other side of this glass. Then he remembered Keith's small
6876.40 6917.96 speaker1  swam back up, fetched it from Keith's shorts, and still, in his soaking wet tighty-whities, Clark fired into the aquarium wall over and over until it broke, sending a tidal wave
6912.96 6945.60 speaker2  Helpless and paralyzed, Clark was placed in front of Glass, compelled to stand motionless on top of the water.
6941.64 6964.88 speaker1  Unfortunately, Peter was dragged away by Marvin. full of computers, math, and electrical shit
6963.36 6978.48 speaker2  here in the main lab. Keith broke the news of Peter Dieter's likely death, which bummed her out. He explained the scene he saw
6975.28 6996.88 speaker1  Poking around this lab, Keith saw a bunch of VHS tapes labeled with names, and he asked to see one.
6994.16 7027.24 speaker2  The sphere promptly ripped out his spine repeatedly against the wall, much to the amusement of the scientist. She was very surprised to hear that Keith had seen someone handling a sphere. to Glass's office, water erupted out and into the hallway,
7023.08 7118.54 speaker1  though their bodies were held by Marvin's unnatural ability. by Marvin Glass's unnatural grasp. In his catatonic state, he witnessed an odd discussion Marvin showed Rosemary the picture He looked up past the former confines of his office where the elevator door beeped, unable to close on a human body the size of a Barbie doll, chatted and chatted with Glass, who glared at Rosemary and could be available soon.
7114.90 7125.38 speaker2  or experienced some other unknown sensation.
7121.34 7196.00 speaker1  stood Keith Vigna and the white lab coat-clad scientist, with excitement to see Peter Deeter still intact. Keith and the tiny fish-man creature greeted each other warmly before Marvin shut him down as Clark's normal human eyes blinked back to his unbelievable reality. compelled to answer to the best of their abilities. The picture came from the camera sitting on Marvin's desk. It shows things that aren't there. They thought the pictures were from a different dimension or the past or something. Marvin asked how many pictures they took. There was the one with the torches and another of a guy with tribal tattoos kneeling before a cowboy with his hand up to hide his face from the camera. Marvin asked Clark to confirm the part
7192.72 7203.10 speaker2  running down both arms to his fingertips. And Rosemary dove for the gun.
7200.16 7273.86 speaker1  and flung the sphere at her from off the desk. Multiple shiny limbs extended from the small sphere slammed into the desk for leverage and slung its silver round frame at its target, Rosemary. One of its appendages sliced into the soft tissue on the back of Rosemary's neck. Another snapped her head forward. A third metal tendril reached in, gripped the top of Rosemary's spine and ripped her entire spinal cord out of her body in one swift motion. This ball promptly forced itself into the now-vacant spinal column of this human being. slammed the mucus into the empty chamber of this odd gun, and without aiming, squeezed the trigger. An almost blinding flash of light illuminated the entirety of Marvin's enormous, flooded office. And then, as if she had never been, the body of Rosemary was gone.
7271.82 7287.38 speaker2  And where Rosemary just stood,
7284.02 7313.22 speaker1  becoming one with the sentient mass of goop that then slid across the water. Marvin reached out a hand, grabbed the goo, or in the back of your throat.
7310.78 7316.06 speaker2  on their knowledge of this black substance.
7314.94 7410.64 speaker1  Had it taken people? Did they know how to contain it? Was it running rampant through contention? it disappeared. Keith admitted they never tried anything other than the metal spheres. Marvin commented on the plural Keith used asked how many silver balls they'd come into contact with. Keith said they'd only made the one disappear, but another was found embedded in the skull of a severed head they'd pulled out of some storage units, adding that one of the contention PD touched the silver ball. Marvin assumed this was their coworker the man who held the sphere previously, was inside Kevin's body. Marvin's eyes widened, as did Clark's. Clark thought Marvin had something to do with the body switching. and pulled the body of John Lee Kevinmore the third up from out of the water. With one hand holding Kevin's body, he used the other to twist open Kevin's head like an avocado. Sitting inside his head like the pit of an avocado
7406.82 7424.28 speaker2  Marvin ripped Kevin's body in half right down the middle.
7421.46 7429.90 speaker1  Marvin offered to answer a few questions.
7427.66 7432.06 speaker2  Marvin has been doing research on them
7430.42 7447.74 speaker1  and has come to very few conclusions,
7445.54 7456.10 speaker2  They, along with one other person,
7452.66 7602.58 speaker1  at Rosemary, he was aware it did something. Marvin confirmed he knew the spheres and intended to enter the person they touched, but Rosemary still shot the gun after being taken over by the sphere. would do anything other than try to kill itself as it normally did. Keith asked if Marvin knew anyone with the previously described tribal tattoos. he wanted them eradicated. Glass said he was not one of them, rather one of many who were in control, who ran things, but he had become bored, left the bureaucracy, above the Den of Sin appeared at a darkened window. said it seemed they were gonna fight together, and excitedly grabbed his preferred combat gear. and a circle opened above them. roughly one inch in diameter,
7599.90 7607.14 speaker2  alive again.
7605.54 7634.06 speaker1  throughout his new body, poured into this dark room, which revealed text painted on the back wall that read the same thing heard violently chanted
7629.82 7649.70 speaker2  Here's the way, here's the way, here's the way. John gave his new hands a tentative punch together and dug in his foot.
7647.14 7745.14 speaker1  walked up the stairs and into the lights 50 yards across, with a bubble-looking rounded top on it, entirely made of a crystal-clear material. strobe lights made the entire experience otherworldly, as green and red and blue lasers filled with the spirit of all of Vin Diesel's films if they were tarred and feathered, but the tar was replaced by Red Bull and the feathers replaced by cocaine. An enormous logo in the center of the arena floor And all around the Scrap Pit, in a massive circle were the repeated words, blinked a countdown timer and flashed the words, Oz Mayhem Wolf and Friends versus Planet Juggernaut. and announced an evening of bloodsport the audience would never forget. The floor opened and Planet Juggernaut slowly rose
7743.34 7754.20 speaker2  from the eager audience.
7749.74 7910.18 speaker1  with two metallic arms extending from either side knocked something loose in Clark. He lunged straight at Oz Mayhem Wolf in a frenzy and tried to rip his head off. A confused Oz Wolf ran away from his antagonistic teammate but clumsily tripped over and fell to the ground. Planet Juggernaut sent lasers blazing from its eyes at Keith Vigna who jumped out of the way with his cool jumping boots. Mid air Keith shot Planet Juggernaut with a saw launcher and embedded a circular saw in the giant robot balls midsection. Planet Juggernaut propelled itself into the air and landed on Oz Wolf as it slammed Clark down with suction gloves and froze Planet Juggernaut's propeller with a nitro thrower. A crushed Oz crawled out from beneath the burnished behemoth which sat eerily still as it clearly charged up something somehow even more sinister. Keith tried to release his suction cups from the dome but his feet were stuck. He looked into the apotent audience and saw a short young woman and tall old man wearing suits, ties and ill fitting windbreakers. He recognized agents Kennedy and McKinley as they made their way through the crowd. which rapidly spun its exterior shell while hovering just above the battleground in order to hit the pit rolling at a quick clip toward its slow foes. This squashed Clark but absolutely obliterated in the corner of the Scrap Pit and headed toward Clark Bishop who fired his high powered sniper rifle into the giant ball robot while thinking about his friend and coworker, John Lee Pennymore the fourth. and Mickey Mouse gloves.
7909.34 7930.10 speaker0  It's John. and into Marvin Glass's booth. Can we kill him together?
7927.02 7946.62 speaker1  incorrectly called Fighting Pro Tips from Alfred and Jermaine Glass. The jumbotron showed a dark room with a single light on.
7945.06 7951.58 speaker2  someone disappearing,
7948.42 8142.18 speaker1  and a missing girl before the feed was cut off and the attention turned back to inside the Scrap Pit. In the clutches of the speaking Planet Juggernaut, Clark's mind snapped and he pleaded for help from Planet Jonernaut who was focused on a young bald fit man with sunken intense eyes and a black t-shirt and jeans. Agent Billy Harrison was headed toward Marvin Glass's box. Planet Jonernaut threw himself with all its might into the dome above the Scrap Pit. The crystal clear material, considered indestructible by all who had fought inside its bubble previously, shattered. Its pieces floated down into the pit like a firework. The crowd scattered for their lives, perhaps to add fuel to the confusion fire to aid in an escape, Keith Vigna sprayed his nitro thrower into the panicking mob. Suddenly, a rushing cascade of murky water containing different kinds of fish and a few humanoid figures Agents Kennedy, McKinley and Billy Harrison as well as a body wearing a tuxedo with gaunt skin stretched across long bones. Marvin Glass. All four were washed into the middle of the Scrap Pit. Clark unloaded three rounds into Marvin and triggered a deafening roar. in a sort of dry ice cube. Clark, from atop Planet Jonernaut, yelled to Keith the wacky and wondrous news that Planet Juggernaut was John. Planet Jonernaut sent one extendo arm toward Keith as the other reached for a breach in the dome above. Keith threw down his riot shield, rode it like a surfboard toward Jonernaut's extended hand and shot a saw through the middle of the newly formed ice cube and directly into the frozen Marvin Glass trapped inside. The Scrap Pit began to shake violently and Jonernaut successfully pulled Keith and Clark up through the dome as lava moved up through the cracking and bubbling Scrap Pit. Marvin Glass, sliced by the saw and still frozen in this strange chemical compound, creating an autumnal canopy. A rabbit recklessly raced across the patchy pavement, leaving behind a trail of blood thick enough to assume the animal's fate.
8139.78 8188.66 speaker2  They took a right down the gravel road, 25 years earlier.
8185.94 8202.94 speaker1  It's Zach, still Zach, so much Zach, and we are now halfway through this stupidly overwhelming undertaking of a full recap of season one.
8198.94 8208.50 speaker2  I'm so glad, no, it's been a bit of a fucking nightmare,
8205.46 8246.10 speaker1  Thankfully, we've had an absolute shitload of fun recording some bonus content for everyone, which will be on this main feed soon. More on what exactly that entails at the end of this little epilogue. And later this month, patrons will see a new episode drop in that exclusive feed, wherein I run Joe, Luke, and Thomas through a space adventure in a space game of space roll for shoes. That session was seriously some of the most lighthearted, enjoyable role play I've ever had the pleasure to take privilege in.
8243.70 8267.50 speaker2  in the Den of Sin, be on the lookout for a live stream this weekend. We'll post the time and date on our Twitter
8264.62 8338.56 speaker1  As for the next and third part of this here season one recap project, I need your help and I'm willing to send you clothes in return. There's a link in the show notes and on Twitter, Fuck Jack Dorsey and Facebook, Fuck Mark Zuckerberg, to a Google Doc we can all share. It'll have the transcript for this episode which covered episodes 24 through 46 as well as the previous recap covering episodes one through 23. Now, if you write up a few succinct but thorough paragraphs recapping an episode of this show, you will be entered to win a PTBP t-shirt. Now, if you write up a few succinct but thorough paragraphs recapping three or more episodes, boom, you got a shirt. And finally, if you really go heels to Betsy on this, if you write up a few succinct but thorough paragraphs recapping five or more episodes, I will guarantee you a PTBP t-shirt. And leave your handle or email address commented in there
8334.86 8353.36 speaker2  in case we get to ship you a shirt like Dylan B did.
8348.86 8374.20 speaker1  from the Discord who so far has written four recaps that were absolutely excellent. For those of you looking into joining this project and earning a shirt, those recaps by Here Be Tigers are what you should model your work after.
8371.18 8384.68 speaker2  and help us finish the remaining two recap episodes
8381.72 8454.34 speaker1  Now, the next episode you see on this main feed will be a bonus. Unfortunately, Luke wasn't able to join us because he got COVID. and will be joining us for the end of this bonus scenario, which is a game of Call of Cthulhu with guest keeper Scott Dorward, an RPG writer and editor whose name might sound familiar because he co-authored the Pope Cthulhu campaign, Two-Headed Serpent, as well as a collection of six scenarios for Call of Cthulhu named Nameless Horrors. He also wrote an excellent scenario called Hell in Texas that's in Stygian Fox's Cthulhu modern book called The Things We Leave Behind, Scott is also an established podcaster, of The Good Friends of Jackson Elias, a podcast about Call of Cthulhu, horror films, and horror gaming in general.
8450.08 8507.98 speaker2  with the voice of an angel in the mind of an elder god, for your continued support. Times are hard. Check in on your friends. Admit it when you need help. I'm finally doing that myself. For years, I've said everyone should be in therapy, all while not seeing a therapist. I even got my degree in behavioral science. I understood the benefits. I understood it would help me, but I was scared. Well, fuck that. I'm still scared, but I'm not gonna let that stop me. So I'm starting therapy, and I'm consciously working to become who I want to be. I hope you're all doing well.
8506.92 8520.70 speaker1  This was all very serious. He's the judge, but he's wearing a mesh crop top, and you're pretty sure his nipples are pierced and connected by a nerd's rope. Okay, bye. Fly to fly to the stream.
