0.00 21.04 speaker0  What's up everybody, I'm Zach, this is Pretending to be People, and Black Lives Matter. Thanks to the generosity of so many of you supporting us on Patreon,
16.08 163.36 speaker1  which is a national revolving bail fund on a mission to combat mass incarceration and reshape the pretrial system in the United States. We chose this group specifically because this money will support those in our country who are protesting systemic racism and police brutality. These people are begging for justice, and we support their fight. We were absolutely As of this recording, together we have raised $3600 for The Bail Project. Let's keep this thing going. For every $5 donated, you'll receive an entry for a chance to win one of the first official PTBP shirts. There will be five winners, the first of which a Pretending to be People shirt. Boom, four more to go. You can find the link to donate in the show notes. And while I don't think saying Black Lives Matter is a political statement, what is a political statement is this, please register to vote. The presidential election is five months away, and it is very likely that two seats on the Supreme Court will be filled by whoever wins. This is not the time for third party candidates or write-ins. If Donald Trump wins again, the Supreme Court will have a 7-2 conservative majority, which I believe will lead to inhumane restrictions on abortion, disgusting removal of LGBTQIA plus rights, absurdly loose gun control, furthering of the corporatocracy, and the continuation of the Top of the morning to you, pupperinos. It's your toilet diving canine, Wolf the Dog, and I'm back stroking like Michael Phelps all up in y'all's toilet water live from 694.2 PTBP. This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Matt Fagel, who tweeted about the show and tagged
157.44 258.56 speaker2  I don't live there anymore, but I'm so fucking proud of them for standing up the way they have. My old friends, classmates, and neighbors have been taking care of each other and refusing to country. It's scary times, but I'm so damn proud of them. Damn, baby Matt. I'm proud of you for sending this in the internet mail, and I'm proud of any who stand up to those who would diminish the freedoms of others. Wolf bless you, Matt, and Wolf bless you all for the work y'all are doing out there on the front lines, the back lines, and lines we don't even know about. We all fight battles in our own ways, but what's important is that we keep on battling for a better future for all. Have you looked in the show notes? Seriously? Have you? Take a minute. Click on the Discord. Subscribe to the subreddit. And hey, go check out our Twitch on Tuesdays and Thursdays, why don't you? Twitch.tv slash PretendingPod Streams. And baby, if you got that scratch, stop your itching and support us on Patreon. And baby, if you have the financial stability of a newborn, go ahead and write us a five-star review on Apple Podcasts. Oh, you already did
252.08 272.64 speaker1  that. Oh, what's that? You have an Android? Well, follow Asimov's second rule of robotics.
266.64 396.72 speaker2  Pretended to Be People and write the weirdest five-star review you can muster. Speaking of mustard, it's time to catch up with the news. Last time in the fucked up puddle-filled ghost town of contention, Keith Vigna finally collected his $3 from Terrence Liquor, who was out collecting for daddy with Luca Fade Fadswigs. They had a picture of Keith Vigna in liquor's truck with a note that said, collect alive. John Lee Pettymore the third has ooze just dripping constantly out of every orifice in his head. Keith saw this, lost his shit, accidentally shot Fade in the dome and threatened John with the same if he didn't get back in the truck's waterbed. grip instead of a big tooth like Clark remembered because Randy isn't a dentist. He runs the creatin' father fuckin' kudzu with no backbone.
395.92 454.32 speaker0  You feeling all right? Oh it looks like something.
449.44 459.92 speaker1  when we finally hit that Patreon level to where I get hair plugs I want people to fucking know.
456.48 577.68 speaker0  Yeah it's a mark of success for sure. but it's because like Twitter was blowing up with people talking about how much they love their bidets because they weren't in the throes of the toilet paper mayhem so I saw a bunch of feedback Thomas Luke life normal. Same old shit. Well if you get a bidet yeah then you'll have something
570.72 672.88 speaker1  Preparation H wipes are my go-to personally. You can keep yours in Taylor's purse too if you want uh it works for when you're on the go. Thanks. Terrence Elizabeth Licker who is on the ground below him. The corpse of Luca Fade Fudgevitz is leaning up against the garage door and bleeding down the driveway of the angst home while John Lee Pettymore the Thirth is in the back of the truck that is in the driveway along with his
666.24 822.32 speaker0  to calm down some that he has slammed this old man into the ground so hard and feeling bad about it. He starts to he starts to come to his senses and and maybe recoils and panic a little bit and kind of him all over him coming out of him. I had to get him in the water. You just saw it just now? I kind of I lost control for a second and yeah I tried to I tried to kill him and I shot at Terrence and I shot at Jimmy. Clark wants to start as he's explaining reaching out to try and
815.52 842.00 speaker1  like scooched backwards crab crawl and then he leans up against the front door and there's a shot where you can see in the foreground you've got Terrence Liger leaning up against the front
836.88 857.52 speaker0  there? Before any we do any of that who the you're gonna have to remind me who Fade was
850.96 889.36 speaker1  calls me Fade. He's a little guy he's really wide he was a bodybuilder and he was sent to collect
883.36 963.92 speaker0  come out. John cautiously pokes his head up and and looks around this is a pickup truck right it out and he he ducks down you can't see his eyes anymore but you can still see um the top of his head. I got Keith to put the gun down you you can you can come up. Clark he he when I saw his eyes he didn't have he didn't have goo coming out of him anymore I think the water worked. that's gonna be happening. Uh what's the F C F C F C the was it the first church of contention?
959.44 986.96 speaker1  contention you know we're just a big family we're trying to go back and save the world but we need we need bodies and we need peace. You guys you guys of all people should want to go buy it we we're you're out here trying to trying to save everything but we have a plan to save everything so I don't understand why you're fighting against it you can help we can save the world together.
980.80 1092.64 speaker0  It's just your plans has not been clearly enunciated to us and uh also the fact that you need bodies and our friend is a little weird but our friend did just create a body. we're just it's not our first stop yet we got other stuff to do to help. Well you certainly I want to say yeah but yeah we don't know yet I mean yeah we are yeah we gotta go somewhere it since you got sent out but there was a big old leak in a bunch of the fish uh plumb dried up there they spilled into the end of the out of the out of the wall of water and into a parking lot of a grocery store uh and unfortunately there they uh they were baked uh in the in the daytime sun. Everybody go ahead and roll alertness for me.
1088.00 1118.88 speaker1  the low rumble of vehicles more than one.
1115.12 1138.24 speaker0  anybody or anything and and don't come out till we talk to you again. order get inside and stay there lock all the doors.
1132.88 1175.60 speaker1  of opens up the door behind him you know behind his back and then he slides through it and you
1171.12 1505.68 speaker0  Just want to remind you that Jimmy Sanders is still yeah he's just he's all wet so we thought we'd just keep him back here. He's also a uh a goo detector for us if if they're using them the same way we might as well too. John are you gonna stay in the back or are you gonna come get in the cab? Uh I'm pretty wet I should probably stay back here maybe I don't want It doesn't matter if we get the seats wet it's not our truck anyway. and say hey I'll ride back here and jump right in. Okay boys. Hey does Clark does Clark seem to be strange. Also sorry I pointed my gun at you but I saw goo coming out of your eyes and all over again I just freaked out. I don't see it anymore but I don't know what happened. Keith you ain't car. We were I thought we were just dropping keeping her there while we went and got my watch we just head to the pond and leave her be? Nobody's probably gonna find her. She's shackled up in our fates. All right go pee and I'm gonna look at the map and see what makes sense. We could also Yeah there we go. We've been waiting we described a bunch of stuff that happened. Where are we at? miles gets dies so we beat the game too. Yeah good game Zach that was cool. Yeah yeah cool looking for. Everything's resolved. and try and take it around to the south of the city and come up toward Bean's pond from the go by that crane barrier thing? Presumably if we're turning the car around and trying to go somewhere to head south it looks like the road just south of the hotel also leads leads west. we're talking about turning the car around on the highway. Okay yeah. And then driving somewhere
1499.20 1607.36 speaker1  and west side of the street of this house heading toward your direction there is just a front half cab of a truck with a trailer on the back with a hot tub situated and strapped in onto the trailer. And then on the other side coming down is a impala and the back has been also tarped into El Camino? You're thinking of an El Camino. I was thinking of an El Camino. Yeah it's still cool. On the other side there is an impala coming down and it has a refrigerator that's strapped to the top of it with its door ripped off then there's someone like inside the refrigerator on top of Uh you know the impala belongs to a very nice couple who live in the suburbs and they are members of the first church of contention and their names are Asher and Avery Little. Nice
1604.08 1694.80 speaker0  our heartstrings but it doesn't mean we're not going to start shooting the second these people basically? That is the attempt yes. Well boys what do you want to do? I mean these cars like these vehicles are way cooler and more capable than what we're trying to get so maybe we just take one of theirs. Take both of theirs. You want to try to get that truck then or the fridge
1689.28 1723.12 speaker1  but you you bumble on through and the truck is boom boom boom back and forth and back and forth. Clark you were just like slipping slipping from side to side in this water. Holding on for dear life yeah. And jimmy is too and the two of you are uh I can only imagine is just like the wildest
1713.84 1755.44 speaker0  the face. So john puts it in reverse um guns it hard says sorry fish he's peeling he's peeling leaves a bunch of disgusting tire smoke uh in everybody's faces and probably some squished fish
1745.12 1773.44 speaker1  through the the december cold air of contention and you leave a wake of rancid fish smell in your dust. And now as you hit this road you're coming up along the the road that hotel motel is on.
1767.84 1787.92 speaker0  I'm just heading straight for the highway again. Kerry pages is our only bargaining chip here.
1780.48 1936.72 speaker1  hit another hill to jump another curb and go up onto the the side road and then up onto the highway. Thankfully the the metal gate broke away from a crash that happened three years ago it just doesn't exist anymore right there on the exit and so you drive right up onto the highway from the opposite side and you would be driving into oncoming traffic but you can cut across through the median the grass in between two lanes of traffic on the highway and then on to when I said you would be going in oncoming traffic you wouldn't be you'd be on the right side. roadblock would be on the northeast side and you're coming at it from the southeast side and you're driving on the highway which you would be just off of the exit leading out of contention toward the city as you're on this strip of the highway you see behind you the truck and the 2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse but currently you have a truck and an Impala on your tail.
1931.92 2032.48 speaker0  you just see the keys zoom straight into your hands from my pocket. and I get around to the side. Oh wait do we have Tyler with us? No we have him on a leash.
2026.08 2210.48 speaker1  is where the 2001 Red Mitsubishi Eclipse is and you're alongside of it and Clark hops out of the truck bed and is like keys keys keys. Toss him the keys. Edgar Wright cut. He runs over. Opens up the trunk. Edgar Wright cut. Drew is inside and as soon as you grab Drew and toss him onto the ground you see above you on the highway in front of you and behind you have pulled up this big truck. Trailer on the back. Hot tub strapped into the back and a cherry Impala with a refrigerator strapped to little nip it in the bud. Was that was that Andy Griffith show? Yeah it was. That was pretty that character's name? No I'm totally. Yeah okay fuck off because I was just gonna let it sit there. hooping and hollering coming from the person who's in the refrigerator on top of the Impala as a body comes flying out of the shotgun side of the truck and it is lifted up in the air and then slammed into the ground. Holy shit just the once? Well we're now in initiative order. Clark it is your turn you are outside of the truck bed and you are outside of the 2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse and you have Drew's body with carry pages inside of it on the ground next to
2205.12 2241.04 speaker0  you what do you do? I just want to use my turn to hook Drew's body into the back of the truck.
2234.64 2419.36 speaker1  you can't see who's driving the truck but you do know that the Impala is the little vehicle and you're looking around you can see the driver of the truck like climbs out of the window and jumps up into the hot tub in the back. As the driver of the truck is climbing out the window of the cab trying to climb back onto the trailer and get into the hot tub you see he jumps for the hot tub and right before he lands in the water his body is lifted above the hot tub. I need everyone sanity you only saw the body moving and you don't know where the ooze is? Lose one sanity. You see this guy as he's jumping you see him catch and nothing seems to catch him but he's just like hanging in mid-air and then you see it. You see the ooze that's holding him up in the air and it is a wave and it is the most it is the thickest it is the largest amount the quantity the volume is clearly growing this is the most you've seen in one area and it is holding this guy up in the air as the same mass is slamming the person who is sitting shotgun into the ground as they are folding they're trying to grab onto the the man who is inside the hot tub and they're they're pulling hanging in the air and grabs onto the person who is in the hot tub as well lifts them up out of the water and the two who are holding on to each other are then being thwacked thwack thwack kind
2414.72 2503.44 speaker0  joining drew and jimmy sanders in the back of the truck done keith vigna what are you doing i'm trying i see that and i try to crawl out the window that's in the back like between the cab and the bed of the truck and i get like my top half of my body out but my big pants get caught so i'm like halfway in and halfway out and i'm grabbing jimmy and trying to hold him underwater the water like i'm trying to get keith off of him but maybe also help keith through the window or out it's like he's woken up from a bad dream and he sees all of this uh playing out in front of them he sees the wave coming towards them and even though being in this body makes his brain want to vomit he still he recognizes that he's behind the wheel of a vehicle and that like shit is coming and he just like the one thing that he can get through from his brain to his body is is brush
2495.68 2543.44 speaker1  mirror you just hear bloodcurdling screams and the smell of like that nasty fishy smell just barely kind of tinged behind you as you see the camera is just reversing reversing reversing and then all of a sudden you cut through tree line and you are face to face with this crane that has all these tubes on the end of its payload there and it's ready to lift them up off the ground and there's actually no one there
2538.64 2553.92 speaker0  a still there or be giving chase have we driven so far that we're it's it would it would normally
2547.60 2605.20 speaker1  is just like racing it's like almost like hands that are inside of it are dragging it across and along the back there's a wave that's coming along the back end and crashing down that's causing more hands that seem to be crawling toward you and then another wave comes around the back and crashes forward and it's just moving slowly but way quicker than you've ever seen it move before
2599.76 2755.20 speaker0  hands off of him and that's my only goal is to make sure that if jimmy wants to come up he can the with the goo it's he's not doing anything keith look at him he's he's scared him he is scared too he's he almost got drowned just now and i i look at jimmy and look at clark and then damn it but now's not the time now look down there ain't that a beansco crane think you could
2750.72 2790.80 speaker1  you've never driven before and you catch an edge on one of the tires because it's too bald and old and you hit a rock or some shit and you flip this mother and as soon as the truck flips everyone in the back just flies out and i need everyone to roll constitution in order to
2788.16 2806.64 speaker2  hell yeah man success
2800.08 3018.32 speaker1  inches from the crunchy december grass and the water and fish filled truck bed is erupting sideways yeeting keith out at the speed of john's insane out of body recklessness heavy on the wreck but with a success keith lands right on top of jimmy sanders who gets squished into the now wet and fish covered ground john's critical allows him to grab a hold of tyler and tuck and roll smoothly out of the driver's side window and as the truck rolls we see john and tyler huddled together somehow unscathed by this chaos field machine but most importantly with a 69 clark leaps out of the truck bed allowing it to roll underneath him as clark's legs begin churning at wildly into the exit for contention's intersection directly toward there's a big sign what would the and it's got a big arrow pointing to the right to the north and it says like one mile on your left keith vigna john lee pettymore jimmy sanders are all just like on the ground it's uh five hit points of damage as drew carrey oh let's see constitution check to stay conscious wet mess john lee pettymore and tyler are huddled with each other on the ground having just rolled out of this insanely dangerous situation and clark bishop is standing just watching this truck just erupt into flames in this intersection as it destroys a sign for owls tires and tigers
3012.32 3024.32 speaker0  you gotta go full lex luther or your dad both of whom are hot bald dudes just to the right of the
3018.88 3043.60 speaker1  sign that is just exploded up into truck flames because that's what happens when that are crawling out of the storm drain and you see a very brightly colored shirt and a man pokes oh
