Well, well, well, I see y'all are crawling back for more Wolf the Dog, and it don't matter
if I'm broadcasting in contention, the city, or anywhere else in the galaxy, everybody
always wants a taste of ol' Wolfy Boy.
Well, I am here hittin' you live from 694.2 PTBP to let y'all feast upon my mouth sounds.
I hope it's real satiatin' for y'all.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf comes from Dr. Colossus, who is an honorary police officer
on our Patreon and a member of the community over on the subreddit.
They tagged atpretendingpod in a tweet, which is just about the sweetest thing to ol' Wolf.
Dr. Colossus writes,
Time for ol' Wolf to come clean, my pups.
The audio adventures of the contention PD are just a cover to distract from my own insidious
efforts to dominate the national radio landscape.
Today contention, tomorrow the city, later on the world.
I can tell you this now because it's too late to stop it.
There's nowhere to hide as my hypnotic suggestions surf the electromagnetic waves straight into
your ear holes and hack your brain stems.
My dominion is nearly absolute.
Remember, the trigger phrase is plate of foot meat.
Thank you, Dr. Colossus, for ruining the surprise.
My producer and I were going to start by buying out all the local radio stations in
every small town so that Wolf the dog could have a grassroots movement of domination.
Then I'd begin the persuasion.
Real nice, real slow, you see.
I got time.
There's no one else for them to even listen to.
Draw them all in with hunnied words and promises of infinite foot meat.
Then, when the time was right, well, y'all just gonna have to wait and see, I guess.
Remember, if you want to write up something for your old wolf to how, tag at Pretending
Pod on Instagram or Twitter, tag Pretending To Be People on Facebook, or write a five-star
review and email us at pretendingpod at gmail dot com.
Y'all, I need that positive motivation from you beautiful people because life in the city
is strange.
Yesterday, I saw two pigeons eating a rat.
Whenever I went over to try and scare them away, they hissed at me like a rabid raccoon
before skittering off.
They didn't even fly, y'all.
They just ran away real fast.
Please remember, my dear listeners, we got ourselves a Patreon now.
The link is in the show notes, and if you can't support us with your money, please write
a review on iTunes, and if you already wrote a review, please steal your friends' phones
and write a review on their iTunes, and if you don't have friends, go to the nearest
Apple store and write a review on iTunes from every phone and tablet on display in the whole
fuckin' place, and while you're there, grab that aux cord that's connected to the speaker
system and warn everyone that shit is about to slap.
It's KOTSU with no bap-a.
Spank me.
Flank me.
Call me stanky.
Stinky.
That means you yourself admit it yourself that you love your mother-in-law.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
John Lee Pettymore, you are standing outside a storage unit.
A massive yellow symbol has been spray painted on the door.
The symbol is a wonky question mark with two lines, one curved and one straight, jutting
down from the question mark's dot.
The storage unit door slides up, and inside is the thick brush of well-wooded land.
In the distance, you see a small cabin.
Looking down, your hands are covered in blue paint, and you are holding one of those small
silver spheres.
It feels warm in your hands.
It has a nice weight to it.
And then you see a sky of endless darkness.
Far out in front of you, through this thick and terminable nothing, you see two children
standing completely still, holding hands, and you hear the sounds of torment.
Agony and loss in an audio medium, you lose the ability to see, smell, feel anything as
the wretched noise overwhelms your senses.
You open your eyes, and you're staring up at a ceiling, and you look to the left, you
look to the right, and you see corpses.
And it smells overwhelmingly like blood and viscera and death and shit, other bodily fluids
spilled out.
You see the body of John Lee Pettymore IV.
Your body, but not your current body.
And you see the body of Rich Nichols, the man that led you from room to room in this
layer of Marvin Glass.
What do you do?
I look down at my new body, and what do I see?
Well honestly, the body of Kevin, or as we'll call him, John Lee Pettymore.
I guess I'd like to find a mirror.
Okay.
One of the files in this room, one of the file cabinets, has the front of it is actually
reflective, extremely reflective.
Looking in, you see this man who is, he looks like a broken version of your daddy that you
knew from when you were a child, a very young child, but he is much older.
He may be my father, but he ain't my daddy.
You see you have you to now have surgical scars all down your neck and jawline on either
side and these crazy eyes, and you're just an older man, basically the same build, you
still have a mustache, you know there's a lot of similarities.
I want to look at my old body and see where I came out of.
Oh yeah.
So it's very clear that you came out of the back of the neck.
Okay.
What do I feel like?
Do I feel like a person or like something wrapping itself around a host?
Well you feel like you've always felt.
Okay.
Makes sense.
So I, John Lee Pettymore kind of shudders as he looks at his old body.
I want to, I want to basically pretend to be Kevin as long as I can.
Okay.
So let's discuss the mechanical changes out of character for John Lee Pettymore the third.
Yeah.
What am I now?
So as I've described on the last two episodes for the other boys, we have, we've decided
to adapt some of the rules from Pulp Cthulhu, fold them into this campaign and in doing
so, we have given each of the PCs two talents from the Pulp Cthulhu rule book.
Thomas, you chose quick healer and this game we roll one D four to get new hit points for
each day and in your case you'll get one D four plus three every day.
And then you also chose clairvoyance.
Basically how we're going to do that is I'm going to trust you to not use this every second
that we're playing the game.
That's a mistake.
Yeah, I think that's fair, but here's what I'm gonna allow you to do.
You can spend 10 luck at any point in time to like dive into your internal self and have
a vision.
Cool.
Also with your, uh, with your character for the stuff you hit a breaking point yesterday
as well, I believe.
Um, no, I've got 22.
As your breaking point?
No, 20 is my breaking point and it's, it's very hard to see.
Right.
So that means you're actually extremely close to your 28.
There's no way that's a 28.
It's a 22.
Okay.
So you're extremely close to your third breaking point.
What happens on your third breaking point?
Well, we will hit that when we get there.
However, on your, uh, on your first breaking point, when we did that, we had the idea that
you were going to have to put your life in danger to save others.
Basically you were going to throw yourself in harm's way to, to save others.
And if you didn't, then there would be a willpower disadvantage for you the next day that is
going to be subsumed by this next breaking point situation, which is when you roll sanity,
if you fail and the role would also fail on a power check, what's your power 60.
So if you roll on a sanity check and you roll over 60, then you are going to split into
a mind and a body at odds with each other.
Okay.
And that is a, uh, a load of role-playing that I am heaping onto your very, uh, capable
talents.
All right.
I believe in you.
Let's remember that mechanic.
You walked into this room and it was filled with filing cabinets and my file was sitting
out open.
John Lee Pettymore IV's file was sitting out open on the table as was a file regarding
some people that ended up being Kevin.
As you were like getting up and looking around this room in your new body, you hear a voice
from behind you, Hey, Kevin, come on.
Marvin wants to talk to us.
So without saying anything, I just told up one finger, like, wait a second.
And I want to real quick see if, um, I can find a file for Clark and Keith.
Okay.
Go ahead and roll search for me.
35.
Uh, let's see what my search is.
50.
All right.
Then you were good.
And actually, um, in your new body, we're going to up your hit points and willpower
all the way to full full for a John Lee Pettymore full for John Lee Pettymore.
Okay.
We're going to keep all your mix.
Yeah.
All your takes after his dad.
Yeah, exactly.
Ooh, that puts me up to 20 hit points and 12 willpower.
Okay.
So yeah, I passed the search rule.
So you open this most reflective file cabinet and it just so happens to have three file
names that catch your eye.
One says Clark Bishop and it is completely empty.
Another says Keith Vigna and it too is completely empty.
Both of these file folders are, they're like extremely crisp and new.
Then like the third folder you find titled the contention PD, which is so worn, it is
turned a noticeably different color, uh, opening it.
You see a lot of recent news stories, file clippings, uh, newspaper clippings that are
cut out and put into this folder and they all have to do with the police force and whether
or not you guys weren't handling missing persons cases or you were firing weapons into
the air in public or you were harassing citizens.
There are plenty of news articles written about the contention PD that have come out
in the past three or four days that have been grouped into this folder.
Uh, John Lee Pettymore, the third and fourth letters of fake news, um, and, and stashes
the file back where he found it and follows Rosemary.
So you guys go out the hallway into the elevator and I want to, I want to try out Kevin, like
some spy craft as Kevin.
So I'm just going to be like, uh, how you doing Rosemary?
Well, uh, everything's going exactly as planned, so pretty fucking good Kevin.
That's that's great.
It's not out of character for me to ask you how you're doing, is it?
I mean, we haven't chatted like this in years, but well, it's a good day.
Everything's going as planned.
Yeah.
I wasn't going to question it.
What part of the plan are we at?
What do you mean?
Where are you on your part of the plan?
I know where I am, but what have you, what have you accomplished?
Well, I think that's why we're, uh, I think that's why we're going to see Marvin for us.
He's probably going to send us to go collect the money now.
Great.
Perfect.
Yeah.
So you guys make it to the top of the, uh, elevator ride and the door opens and there's
a long hallway and at the end of the hallway, there is a 10 by 10 slab of black marble and
four guards, two on either side of the enormous and strange door that slowly slides open as
you approach.
And the guards are in full brown jumpsuits and they each have a large scythe strapped
to their backs.
And the blade of each scythe is shaped like an enormous fish hook.
A closer look reveals these men have unnatural matching faces.
Their eyes are far apart, almost on either side of their face.
Their noses do not jut out, but are rather two slits above their two wide thick lipped
mouths.
And they have a few flaps on either side of their necks.
Fish man.
Walking into this.
I knew it.
This whole time.
I knew it.
It was the fish.
All right.
When you walk into this room, you see it's the size of a basketball court to your left.
One of the long walls is entirely made of glass.
And there is murky greenish water on the other side, like an aquarium, but it's of staggering
proportions.
Marvin Glass is standing behind a table, arms folded behind his back, staring off into the
distance.
And again, he is just massive and gaunt all at the same time.
And he is still wearing that fitted black tuxedo that you've seen him before.
And when you turn, you see his weird hole in his face where his mouth should be is still
just covered in this circle of red lipstick.
And that hole begins moving.
Hello, Kevin.
Hello, Rosemary.
And Nod.
You have been doing excellent work for me recently.
And we are moving into the final phase of contentions demolition.
I need the two of you to go retrieve.
And as he's saying this, you notice that behind them, there are these windows and you see
lights, just like crazy lights, just like shining in and off.
It looks like there's something happening in that room behind him, but you can't quite
tell what it is.
Whatever it is, there's a lot of movement with the lights and it's getting out of control
back there.
Kevin, thanks.
I'll probably hear that in another episode.
Looking around the room, you see that on Marvin's desk, there is one of those small silver spheres
sitting on like a little tripod holder that's holding it up.
That's awesome because I knew he had one from the tape and now I don't have to go looking
for it.
It's right there.
You can see it.
And he continues on saying the money, as Rosemary said, and Rosemary cuts in.
Yeah, let's see, there's $5 million in the police station and then there's $5 million
at the house of one of the police officers.
That is extremely good work, Rosemary.
I just have one request on your way to contention.
I need you to go check in on a new venture I've begun.
You see, Stan Manstein, his daughter's funeral is today.
I believe it begins rather shortly and he will be out in the world for the first time
in a very long time.
I have sent your new Charles, Keith Vigna, one of the officers from the contention police
department, to go bring Stan Manstein back to me.
Rosemary and Kevin, I need you to go make sure that our new family member completes
his job.
Not again.
Kevin thinks it's very appropriate that Vigna is the new Charles considering he killed the
first one.
Oh shit, I didn't even think about that.
That's so good.
He's like, that's justice for Keith in some small measure.
While we're all still in front of Marvin Glass, I want to clear my throat.
He turns quickly and looks at you.
I heard Rosemary brought the gun instead of the money we're going to get.
Why'd you do that, Rosemary?
They both look at you and Rosemary turns and starts laughing.
I know I'm not very quick, but...
And she looks at Marvin and she's like, that's why we don't trust old Kevin here with making
the plans, huh, sir?
And Marvin laughs.
I guess so.
My attempt to shame Rosemary in front of Marvin has failed miserably.
I was really trying to sow some division, but nope.
I think you did great.
So he kind of, with a flick of his hand, waves you off and the door moves back out of the
way and you guys take the elevator back up to the top after loading up with some heavy
artillery, I would assume.
Rosemary, you know I'm because of what they've done to my brain.
I don't remember the plans too well.
Why did you get the gun instead of the money?
Well, okay, well, I already got in a shootout with those police officers and they did not
stop.
Like, I thought for sure that they were going to keep going until they just blew my brains
onto the concrete.
And I don't trust them to have not stopped the second time.
And so I obviously not wanting to get shot, I hate getting shot.
You know, I hate getting shot.
So I, you know, just figured that was the easiest way.
Kevin grunts, but John Lee Pettymore or the thing that was John Lee Pettymore is pretty
pleased that she was like actually intimate.
Like we were something of a force to be reckoned with at least.
Right.
Yeah.
Some sort of fry.
We, yeah, we made some small impact in her plans.
So as you guys, uh, the elevator opens and then all of a sudden you are just standing
in an alleyway in the city and the sun is shining in kind of bright from the, from a
low angle and there's fog in this alleyway and you look over and you see a group of raucous,
like rowdy people, like people that you wouldn't expect at 10 AM, but maybe in the city that's
more normal.
There's at least 12 of them and they all walk up to this, uh, this alleyway that you're
in and there's a large grate on the ground and they all stand on it and they all hold
up their dirty dog key fobs at the same time and the grate seems to disappear and they
all just fall straight down into it.
Interesting.
These dirty dog passes, they're like the key chains that John Peter said.
Yeah.
Okay.
And that's sitting in lockup, evidence lockup most likely.
Cool.
Turning away from that, Rosemary clicks the beeper on her white Toyota and the two of
you hop in and begin making your way to the city cemetery.
Luke, after leaving this meeting with Marvin Glass, you head back down the hallway into
the elevator that you came in on and you ride up to the top and it leads you back to the
parking garage that you drove into when you came with your partners and Doug Jacobs and
the body of agent Trent Chad and Rosemary.
And when you arrive up there, there are still the same guards up there wearing suits and
earpieces and your police cruiser from contention is also sitting exactly where it was before.
Do I see any of my friends?
No, you do not.
I go over to the car and I get in.
When you get into the car, you see that you had actually left your cell phone in here
this whole time.
I believe you're wearing a boat shoes and shoes, the oversized shorts that are teal.
I think some sort of way too tight orange polo, so you look great and you get back into
your cruiser and when you look at your cell phone, you see that you have a bunch of missed
calls and a voicemail from Drew Andrews.
Okay, I listen to the voicemail.
Oh, fuck, Keith, Keith, Keith, you got to get somebody, somebody please answer somebody
you guys.
Oh, fuck everybody.
It's everywhere now.
You have to tell everyone, everyone, please, please, you have to get as far away.
You have to get as far away as possible from here.
It's growing.
It's growing.
I want to call Drew.
When you call Drew, it goes straight to voicemail.
Fuck.
My first reaction is to drive back to contention, but he also said get away, but I got to go
save Drew.
Okay.
Oh, do I have the camera with me?
No, when you look inside the police cruiser, you find that it has been stripped of many
of the items that you came here with.
Okay.
And then what did we, who is the gun?
The gun's gone.
The gun is gone for sure.
Yeah.
Okay.
You've got some guns left, but not the gun, the tubed gun, not the tubed gun and the camera's
gone.
The camera's gone.
The body armor's all gone.
Okay.
Yeah.
You're just left with a couple of guns.
And then Marvin actually gave you your small, powerful gun.
When is this funeral?
Oh, it starts in like half a night.
You've just enough time to like make it there.
Okay.
I guess hopefully Drew calls me back or something, but I guess gonna head to this funeral if
I have just enough time, I guess I can't go get my dress clothes on.
So I'm going to be dressed for a different occasion, but.
Styling.
Yeah.
Maybe stand out like a sore thumb.
Maybe not.
We'll see.
So you, uh, you drive to the city cemetery and I don't know if Keith has been here before,
but the city cemetery is all.
Oh, it is in the city.
It is in the city.
Yeah.
And it's all above ground.
Oh, like a new Orleans style.
Exactly.
So there are, as you drive up, you park and then there are countless tombs winding aimlessly
about creating all these odd little pathways.
The mausoleums are just tall enough to look down on you as you pass through.
And the morning fog adds an extra layer of disorientation.
I'm kind of wandering through trying to find people and then I get a whiff of, is that,
it smells like a crawfish boil.
And I head to where the smell is coming from.
And as you head to, as you follow your nose, you find that in a small clearing, there is
a funeral service set up for Ari Manstein surrounded by these ornate and menacing graves.
There are a handful of rows of chairs, all facing a small podium next to a coffin.
And I'm going to hold up this whiteboard here and show you.
Okay.
Where would you like to...
Are those seats?
Yeah, the circles are seats.
I want to go to the very front row on the very middle.
Okay.
You head toward the front row.
Where's the crawfish boil pot at?
It is...
It's actually right in front of the coffin.
Okay, cool.
So once it's all done, I'll...
You want to be first in line.
I want to be first in line.
Absolutely.
And as you walk up there, Jan Manstein, the mother of Ari Manstein walks towards you to
greet you.
Oh my goodness.
Oh, I just, I didn't think you would come or maybe I did.
I thought maybe there was a chance that you weren't going to come, but you know, last
minute and then I don't know where your partners are, but this is just, I couldn't be any happier
or sadder technically, I guess I am at my daughter's funeral, but thank you.
Yeah, I wouldn't miss it.
The other police officers send their condolences.
They're a bit incapacitated right now though, but I wouldn't miss it for the world.
And she moves on flitting about to many of the other funeral attendees and you take a
seat in the front row.
Okay.
All right, yeah, I'm good.
Yeah, you are.
One of the best, they all say.
That's what literally everyone has agreed on.
We all came together, put our thumb on the thing, showed that we pledged our allegiance
to you.
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
Thank you everyone.
Clark, you just came to, on this table in the middle of this odd dungeon style room
and you are looking at chief Maggie cook or Maggie cook now, and she backs away from you
pretty quickly.
As soon as the weird squamous, like worm like creature with the mouths is back in the ground,
she steps back and she looks at you and she's, Oh, okay.
I didn't expect that.
Um, all right.
So Clark, you, um, are you, how you.
When you came back, I know we went over this, but how, how was it that you are still alive?
I mean, your, your guess is as good as mine.
In fact, I would hope it'd be better.
Okay.
Well I'll, I'll keep thinking on it and I'll let you know what I come to, but for now you
need to get going.
So basically as soon as you're finished up, you can do pretty much whatever.
You can head back to contention.
You can hang out in the city.
We'll put you up here if you'd rather stick around and be close, but this job isn't a
daily situation or it won't be at first.
We'll get you trained up and, uh, working more and more often, but for now you can pretty
much go back to contention, get your affairs in order and, uh, pack up everything because
your life there, it doesn't, doesn't have to stay there.
You can, you can move here.
You can, you can move wherever you need to be and, uh, and we'll, we'll stay in contact
with you either way.
You said it's not a daily thing.
I mean, the thing I saw, it, it, it shook me to my core, Maggie, I'll make it a daily
thing.
Let's, let's stop it.
Let's make it not be.
All right.
All right, Clark.
I like your passion.
I like your fire.
This is exactly what we need in this organization right now is fire.
All right.
So take this and she pulls a burner phone out of her pocket and she hands it to you.
Take this and I'll be in contact with you.
I'll, I'll, I'll hit you up tomorrow and I'll make sure that we get going.
All right.
Hey, hey Maggie, do you know anything about my partners?
No, no I don't.
They dropped off the radar about when you did.
So I have no idea what they're up to.
If they're, uh, if they're still with us and I had the opportunity, would you be willing
to take them into the circle with us?
Do you think they're ready?
I mean, they've seen the same things I have.
Yeah, but are they ready?
I don't know Maggie.
Will you be the judge of that?
Let me know.
All right, Clark, you being a part of this, that means I trust you.
We're going to rely on each other a whole lot moving forward.
So if you say they're ready, then I believe you.
All right.
I, I, I thank you Maggie and I hope you know that I've always, always trusted you.
I wouldn't have, I wouldn't have stuck around in that, that, that dead end job.
Well Clark, you're not at a, well, I guess you are still in a bit of a dead end job.
If poor choice of words, Maggie, at the end, we're all going to be dead.
So in order for that not to happen, let's get you moving.
All right.
And so she leads you back up top, back into the parking lot of the mill and sets you up
with a car.
It's a little silver Honda Accord and she hands you the keys.
What gear did you decide to bring from the, from the room that we were just in?
That room that spawned anything and everything that I would ever need.
Of course.
Yeah.
What'd you pick up?
All a news, a gun.
You guys have all those old contention police department uniforms in there.
I went ahead and got my old uni, an old uniform of mine.
Amazing.
I'm afraid in it still.
And uh, Oh, you got any of those, uh, Leon gave me this gun that shot these tranquilizer
darts that made people do things.
You got any of those left?
You know what?
Uh, we are actually out of that serum right now.
We just used the last of it to make sure we could get the federal Bureau of investigation
on our side.
We thought that might be quite important.
Do you have any leftover from when you were doing that or I believe, uh, the glass family
now possesses that item.
The glass family.
Oh boy.
Okay.
Well then this thing is a bit more convoluted than I, Hey Maggie, can I know why I'm killing
Stan?
Yeah.
He needs to die.
Okay.
Is that good enough for you right now?
I guess it's going to have to be.
And she turns around and walks back to the mill.
Cool.
Cool.
Cool.
So, uh, you hop in the car and you're heading off to the city cemetery and the car is actually
low on gas.
So you have to stop and fill it up on the way over there.
And while you're filling it up, I need you to roll an alertness check for me.
Ooh boy.
I pass a 32 on a 70.
So you feel this movement behind you as you're filling up this car, your car now, and you
turn around just in time to see that something has been dropped into the passenger seat of
your car from a woman who is now 10, 15 yards away and is running away from you.
Can I get any sense of who she is?
Any chance I've seen her before?
Just from the back.
It is an average build woman with dark hair.
I'm peeking in through my, the window I'm closest to, to see what's been dropped.
It looks like a cell phone.
Huh.
I go around and pick it up.
You walk around the car, open the door, pick up the cell phone and the cell phone immediately
buzzes with a text message.
And it says, do you want to know why your parents were killed?
Joe just made the funniest face.
It was like a, Ooh, mixed with like a what?
Uh, boy, I don't know.
I, uh, first of all, before I reply to anything, I want to do a, just a quick little look through
the menus on this phone.
Do I see anything else?
Old text messages, a sign of a phone number anywhere, contacts.
Looks like this phone is completely blank except for this one text that is now in your
inbox.
I just reply, who is this?
Okay.
And then you hop back in the car and head back on your way to the city cemetery.
And when you arrive, uh, I don't know if Clark has been to the city cemetery before, but
it is all above ground mausoleums and such.
Exactly.
So you pull up to a parking lot and then you walk in to the city cemetery underneath this
big gate that like old like iron rot that kind of spells city cemetery in the gate and
you walk through and you're now in these windy, endless seeming walkways that you're surrounded
by these tall tombs and mausoleums on either side that are looking down on you and it's
morning and there's fog all through.
Cool.
Yeah.
And, uh, eventually you, um, you smell this, um, fishy scent, this seafood scent of some
sort.
It smells almost like a, like a new Orleans party in the cemetery and you follow your
nose to a small clearing.
And my feet lift up off the ground and I float.
And as you approach, you can see that there in the distance, uh, there's a small clearing
and inside the clearing there's a funeral service set up for Ari Manstein, a handful
of rows of chairs and they're all facing a podium next to a coffin.
And you can probably see from where you're at, you're far enough away to where no one's
really paying attention to you so far, but looking in and you see Jan Manstein, the mother
of Ari and you see Keith Vigna and he is wearing Sperry's boat shoes.
I believe a blue coral shorts that are very small or big.
I can't quite remember.
And then I think they're too big.
That would make sense.
And then a, uh, like an orange polo that is extremely tight.
I don't know necessarily.
You don't know why he's wearing that, but that is what he's wearing.
How's he looking physically like in the face and maybe even his hair.
He looks pretty good from the, from a distance, you know, you can't really see, but you were
in the cage when you watched him die.
So this might be a confusing sight for old Clark Bishop.
Then again, you've been through some stuff.
You yourself perhaps might have an inkling that it's easier than you thought to come
back from the other side.
Who knows?
Oh, this makes sense.
So basically this is the setup.
I'm holding up a whiteboard with the setup and Keith is on the front row in front of
the coffin.
Uh, in front of the coffin, there is a crawfish crawdad boil going on, which is causing the
scent to be overwhelming in this area.
Is that as weird to Clark as it is to Joe?
It's as weird to you as it is to me.
Okay.
Yep.
Good.
I didn't know if that was a tradition that you knew about that I don't.
It's the classic city ritual that everyone knows about.
It was in your, uh, it was in your package that you were supposed to read before you
came in today.
Yeah.
Uh, Zach, it was a hundred pages.
I wasn't going to do that.
I just want you to be prepared.
So basically I, I, I need you to pick a spot to set up a where you're going to be.
You can, you know, so is there a crowd?
There is a crowd.
There is a crowd.
Do I see Stan?
You don't.
I'm going to not sit.
I'm going to stand toward the back of the chairs.
Okay.
You know, in a movie when the guy goes to the funeral that doesn't want to be seen at
the funeral and he's kind of amongst the trees, but he's not, he's not hiding per se.
Sure.
That's what I'm doing.
So you're amongst the trees, but there are no trees.
So are you in the back in open sight of everyone or are you going to kind of creep behind some,
some like one of the tombs that's nearby?
You could probably like hide behind a column or just like stand up against the column.
I don't want to be conspicuous enough that if somebody saw me, they would say, why is
that guy hiding?
So maybe more like just blending casually.
Maybe I'm leaning against a monosmoselium nearby.
Love it.
Yeah.
Nothing respects the dead like leaning on them.
Of course.
Okay.
Is my other partner there?
Do I see John Lee Pettymore with Keith?
You do not see John Lee Pettymore there.
Oh, okay.
Oh, they thought of me.
So John Lee Pettymore, the third and fourth and Kevin and Kevin, you are, you are on the
way to the city cemetery in the car with Rosemary.
And as you're driving there, she says, I, uh, I didn't, I didn't know that Charles was
dead until Marvin said that we'd replaced him.
And then I just looked it up on my phone and I saw that he, he died in contention.
And I know that the officers, the police there, they told me that they killed him, but I didn't
know.
I didn't know that they were serious.
I thought they might've been lying to try to get me to talk or something.
I didn't, I just didn't know that he was going to actually die.
I didn't know that you cared for nobody but yourself and the glass boy.
Oh, it's just, you know, he had the same, he had the same modifications done.
So I just thought that, you know, we were a little bit more robust than that.
Is that where are you?
I'm not that philosophical Rosemary, but okay.
I don't, I was trying to just suss out, but like how articulate was Kevin?
So you guys actually never heard him talk.
I would imagine that a guy like that is quite broken, but still easily like you can communicate
easily.
I would imagine you're not going to keep him around if he's just a dog on a leash basically.
So he, I think he's far more far more eloquent than even say Rosemary, you know, cause she's,
she's when you're, when you're right next to her, you see that she's got some scars
on her as well and she's able to keep up.
Got cool.
So she has had the same shit done, but yeah.
Gotcha.
Okay.
All right.
Hold on.
John, John Lee Pettimore talks like this and then you fuck up his body and his mind
and you put a bunch of years on it.
Rosemary, I'm not that philosophical, but did you think we, we couldn't die?
Everything dies.
And you guys pull up to the city cemetery and the city cemetery is all above ground.
Like New Orleans.
Exactly.
So you pull into a parking lot and the two of you begin walking through all these different
mausoleums and these little pathways that are winding endlessly to and fro about.
And it's morning and the sun's coming in at a low angle on this fog that is perpetuating
all throughout this entire cemetery.
As you're walking through you, you smell this like nice seafood, like crawfish, like scent,
like New Orleans.
It smells like New Orleans.
And following the scent, the two of you see from a distance, you hear a large group of
people and you see that there's a small clearing ahead where there's a funeral service set
up for Ari Manstein.
And it is surrounded by all these ornate and these, these menacing, these tall graves,
these tombs that are completely encasing this, this little clearing.
But inside there are a handful of rows of chairs that are all facing a small podium
next to a coffin.
And in front of the coffin is the crawfish boil.
You see that there is a Keith Vigna sitting on the front row.
How does Keith look?
Has he been modified?
From where you are, you can't tell whether he has been quote modified, but you can see
that he has regained an eyeball and his jaw, that he has regained his eyeball and his jaw.
And so that is different.
And he's also wearing a very tight fitting orange polo, like bright orange polo and these
massive coral shorts.
What's Keith's bod like?
He's still wearing those big pants.
Yeah, you still got him.
What's he like under that tight, tight polo?
Stringy, I think.
Yeah.
Beanie.
Beanie.
He's got a lean muscle on him, you know, he's like a horse.
That seems like a high compliment.
He's like a stringy horse.
It's like a sick horse.
In a polo.
I would love to see horses play polo.
Wait, on top of other horses?
No, that wouldn't work, but if they carried the sticks in their mouths.
I was picturing horses on people who are running.
It wouldn't work, Zach, but if you glued a stick to a horse's mouth and taught him to
whack a ball.
I think they would invent polo naturally.
It's probably the first game they come up with.
Anthropologists look at horse cultures and see if they've come up with polo to determine
how advanced they are.
Horsey culture.
See, you and Rosemary are looking for...
Horsey culture.
Did you see that Brony documentary?
Thankfully, no.
Don't you mean they?
Oh, no.
I'm sorry.
So, you see there are these handful of rows of chairs and Keith is up front.
He's sitting in the very front row in front of the coffin.
And as you continue to look around, go ahead and roll a search for me.
84, fail.
You notice there are lots of people here for the funeral and in the back, leaning up against
one of the mausoleums is Clark Bishop.
He is wearing an old contention police uniform, like an older model of the contention police
department uniform.
And he is just leaning casually in the very back.
What do you want to do?
Oh, first of all, is Stan Manstein in attendance?
Stan Manstein is not in attendance currently.
So I say to Rosemary, looks like our new boy didn't get his job done.
I'm going to circle the perimeter and check things out.
And I want to make my way towards the so-called Clark Bishop in this old uniform.
Does he look natural?
Is his stance Clark's stance?
Yeah, absolutely.
It looks like Clark.
Do I still have?
No, John died in his underwear.
He didn't have a cell phone.
John died in his underwear.
Shot by his daddy.
Where do you want to set up?
Rosemary is like, I think I'm going to get some higher ground over here.
She is going to climb on top of one of the mausoleums.
And she's like, I'm just going to lay flat and watch.
That looks real dumb.
You look very conspicuous, but I've learned to trust your methods in our many years together.
Nailed it.
Convincing.
So yeah, I want to walk behind or just walk near and around that Clark Bishop.
I want to be kind of unseen and I want to cough bubblegum tree in the middle of a crowd
and see if he looks.
Okay.
Go ahead and roll stealth for me.
Yeah.
81.
My skill is 50.
Okay.
Yeah.
We don't even need a mirror.
I want to get behind just some people near him and kind of like play in the penis game
just like bubblegum tree, bubblegum tree.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's great.
Does he look?
I I'm should I go ask him?
Maybe.
Yeah.
All right.
I'll be right back.
Okay.
All right, Joe.
Hey there.
Clark Bishop is leaning up against this mausoleum and from behind him, he hears bubblegum tree.
I whip around.
When you turn around, there's a crowd around standing around before the funeral service
actually begins.
And there are people both like in front of and to the side and behind you through the
small crowd behind you.
You notice a face that you recognize.
It's the face that you saw standing at the bar when you're in the cages hanging in that
God forsaken room in Marvin Glass's place.
It is Kevin, the security guy, the one who was kind of unaffected by the scene.
Yes.
Gotcha.
I see him.
Does he see me?
Yeah.
He's staring straight at you.
I'm, I'm, uh, Oh fuck.
I'm looking to see if I, anybody I know is with him.
It doesn't look like it.
I look straight at Kevin bubble gum tree.
Kevin looks away and continues walking through the crowd.
Oh shit.
Oh my, the only one trying to fool all, how can you have enough drowning out of the noise.
