Long time no see, my pack of pups, it's friend of all canines, Wolf the dog, howling at y'all
from 694.2 PTBP, voted contention's number one radio show that you leave on so your dogs
won't feel lonely while you're at work.
Now y'all know we got some words from our listeners who have taken the time to shout
us out on social media.
It's time for Howlin' with Wolf.
Wolf, I'd like to shout out to the lovely police force that we have here in contention.
I appreciate the stellar job they doin' in keeping us, the citizens, safe.
Why, if they weren't such good officers we might have things like busloads of transients
or people dying of blunt force trauma, hell yeah, or even dangerous men on the streets
disguised as police.
I sure am glad that we don't have to worry about anything like that here in contention
because of the work those fine officers put in.
From Kennedy.
Thanks Kennedy for believin' in our local police heroes without even the slightest awareness
of your own surroundings.
Now quick, turn the radio off now before you learn a thing or two, it's time for the news.
The officers implemented an actually decent plan for a sting operation but the FBI was
watching and steppin' in on the whole thing.
Agents Kennedy and McKinley are in town lookin' for a black Nike bag with nothin' in it.
The federal agents have agreed to meet the contention squad tomorrow mornin' December
4th at the police department.
When the party met up at the station to figure out what to do with their illegal seizures,
Drew was uncommonly not at his desk, replaced instead by a note telling them that he went
to the chief's house.
Officers Bishop and Bettymore hauled off the undocumented loot to their individual
residences while Keith went to the chief's house to check on ol' Drew.
Officers Bishop and Bettymore were soon called to the chief's house after it had exploded
leaving the unconscious officer Vigna and Drew Andrews in the cold yard.
That explosion also left behind the burnt bodies of Harold Dorsey, Chief Maggie Cook
and an unkempt man with a bullet hole in his head and his face in a pile of foot meat.
Foot meat, good feet, could eat, would eat.
Sorry my dearest, I just done broke but puttin' me back together is kudzu with no backbone.
I get my hot cocoa and I walk over to my fellow officers, okay guys, can we walk away from
Drew?
Yeah I think we should.
I wanted to talk to like one of the firefighters, was anybody in there, did anybody in there
make it?
No!
That's what I figured.
Keith who was in there besides the chief?
So I knocked on the door and the door just kinda opened up by itself and it wasn't on
fire at this point?
No but I walked in and it smelled like gasoline and the gas from like a stove.
So I walked in and I immediately saw Drew and some guy, whatever that, whoever's ID
I showed you, they were just laying on the ground.
That fake newsman from the city.
And then I looked over and I walked in a little more and I saw Maggie just, her face was all
slashed up and her left foot was missing and I walked in because I could smell the gas
so I walked into the kitchen to turn the burners off before there was an explosion or anything
but as soon as I turned the corner I saw another guy slumped over on the kitchen table with
a fork in his hand and his left foot was missing too and all four burners were on the stove
and there were two feet in a skillet and all the meat had been picked off of them and as
soon as I went off, went over to turn them off I just felt dizzy and I threw up and I
kind of, I like had to fall down and I hit something with my hand and as soon as I hit
something with my hand, something ticked at the front of the house and a flame just started
coming from the line of gasoline and I grabbed the fire extinguisher and I tried to put it
out as best I could but I slipped and fell in my own vomit.
I'm sorry to laugh, it's a difficult time.
I fell in my own vomit and I got up and I was spraying the fire extinguisher and I kind
of had to jump over the bodies to keep spraying the fire and I realized that I didn't know
how much of use that was so I turned around and I knew I couldn't get both the guys so
I grabbed Drew and I just hauled out of there and I think as soon as we got out of the front
the door had exploded and just threw us back and then I was unconscious after that.
When you said you heard a click and then there was fire?
Yeah, when I fell down I hit something with my hand like a wire or a trap or something
to start the fire.
Well, Clock, we know we didn't start the fire.
It was there before us.
It was always burning.
What the fuck?
Well this is horrific.
Eating their feet you said, eating their feet you said.
I didn't see anybody eat the feet but they were cooked and the meat was picked off of
the feet.
Alright, we're going to have to monitor and you don't know what they say.
I think we need to, someone, maybe you should pick through Drew's poop for the next two
days and make sure they don't find their toenails.
It did smell like poop when I walked in there and I don't know if anybody asked Drew if
he pooped himself.
I figured it could have been from that or it could have been, I don't know.
The guy at the table slumped over with the fork.
I didn't get a good look at him.
Nothing about him?
My first instinct was to turn the gas off and turn the fire off before I got exploded.
Luckily I didn't.
Yeah, just in time.
Keith Vigna, roll an intelligence check for me to see if you remember some information.
I don't.
You don't remember some information.
But he does remember other information.
But there's some that I don't.
Damn.
Is the house currently on fire?
No, it's more like embers.
Was this for something that you told me or was this for something that I would have known
if I got...
That was for something that you would have remembered, but not something that I told
you during this.
Cause I was going to be like, maybe I shouldn't have.
Just tell me.
Yeah, no.
I'd like to go talk to the, the chief firefighter here.
Yeah.
Am I speaking to him now?
Yeah, that's me.
Hey, uh, John.
John Peters.
God dammit.
John Lee Pettymore, uh, Contention PD.
Hey John.
Hey.
I've met many times working in a small town.
Of course.
I'm fireman chief.
Yeah.
We, you're fireman chief.
We all respect the hell out of you and the game that, you know, you boys bring, uh, every
year to the, uh, fireman policemen volleyball tournament.
It's always a fierce game of volleyball, but that's why we love it.
Yeah.
So, hey, you got any leads?
Uh, you got any idea where this fire started or how it started?
Well, it looks like there was a lot of gasoline in the house and I think a natural gas was
the thing that really started the fire.
The gasoline definitely helped keep the fire going and made it very difficult for us to
do our jobs.
It's interesting you say both those things because I was unclear while others were telling
the story whether they meant, at first it seemed like they were smelling gasoline and
then they, the burners were on.
So the burners were probably all on as well as many cans of actual gasoline poured over
the entire place and also just sitting around.
Hey man.
Did you get that?
I mean, I know you've been going out for them VO auditions.
I didn't get it.
Yeah.
Oh, they said that I need to be deeper.
Yeah.
You just keep working on that man.
I can try, but I can only go so deep.
Go down.
Meet me down here.
Down.
Meet me down here.
Down.
Meet me down here.
Down.
I walk up and I'm like, what are you guys singing?
I was wondering if we're trying to sing a tune of justice.
I don't know who that other guy in there was.
How badly are, is the bones burnt?
Oh, they're very burnt.
But there's a way to get some DNA out of those bones, huh?
That's more our, just that's our department.
I look at the bones.
I say, we can get some DNA out of those bones.
Do we have three bodies in there?
Yes.
Three bodies in the house.
Oh, okay.
I was thinking the other guy got out or something.
I didn't think.
No, there was, there was the reporter.
Drew, Maggie, and the guy with the fork with the missing foot and Maggie and the guy that
I don't know were the only two with their feet cut off.
One foot cut off.
Dorsey was just unconscious.
I assume that Maggie and her foot cut off and the guy that she was with foot cut off
were there when they walked in, but that guy did have a fork so he could have been eating
his own foot and Maggie's foot.
Gross.
We should be able to match their dental records.
Awesome.
Really led the fire department's forensics.
You guys should be able to match their dental records.
Someone should be able to match their dental records.
Hey, can't, hey man, you know, I know it's your dream and everything.
Can you talk to us like a person?
We lost our chief tonight.
There's two more dead.
Can you be real with me, Carl?
Fucking just talk to me like, like Carl we all went to high school with.
I am sorry for your loss.
Oh, God damn it.
Who's the best dentist in contention?
Who's the only dentist in contention?
You mean for the dental records?
Dr. Teeth?
Yeah, for the dental records.
Is that how that works?
I don't think it is.
No.
Well, actually, probably.
Yeah, it probably is.
You have to get him from a dentist.
He's lying.
You've got to find him at the dentist.
Yeah, I mean, but for real though, how else would we do it in a small town like this?
We're good cops.
I'm a cop.
Who is the dentist in contention?
It would be, what's a good dentist name?
Dr. Millare.
Yeah, that's it.
Dr. Millare.
Yeah, Dr. Millare.
When we came by here yesterday, I don't remember.
Chief's Cruiser wasn't here.
That's what I was going to get at.
Was the Chief's Cruiser even here?
No, no, no.
She wasn't.
Can I go through her cruiser?
Good call.
And I'm going to go through Drew's car, even though he's standing right over there.
Yeah, give me just a second.
I have to go pee.
Cool.
Okay, so there was a bullet hole in his head.
Yeah, I missed that part.
He was slumped over a plate of meat.
Foot meat?
Looking back now on it, I assume foot meat and both feet were in the skillet with meat
picked off of them.
Do you remember seeing a bunch of blood in like the kitchen or anything?
Like were the floors covered in blood?
From like the stab wounds, all over Maggie's face was blood and then from leaking out of
their feet.
Because if you had cooking feet and then also a foot miss and I just wondered if he was
going back and forth or not.
Yeah, well from what I could see, like what I slipped on was my own vomit and a bunch
of puke.
I mean a bunch of blood.
And a bunch of puke.
And your own puke.
And my own puke.
Oh god.
There's a lot of bodily fluids in this scene.
Hey Zach, congratulations.
This is the first time since we've been roleplaying where I'm actually like legitimately grossed
out and horrified.
Yay!
Right when we walked up and you said it was eating their feet, I was like, oh fuck no.
Yeah.
Dude, also this scene reminds me of that John Mulaney joke where he talks about, ew, gross,
clean it up.
There's hair, blood, and semen everywhere.
Gross.
Clean it up.
Do you guys want to just jerk each other off for the next 20 minutes?
Yeah, let's do that.
We could play too.
That'd be fine.
Same difference.
I can do one thing.
Do we go clockwise or counterclockwise?
What if we alternate?
Like a couple pumps here.
Dude.
That doesn't work.
Yeah, he gets.
Let's pair off.
I call Luke.
No, no, no.
I'm sitting by Luke.
Guys.
Okay.
We were talking about the firefighter and then what?
Oh, the dental records.
Yeah, we were talking about how.
You guys need to go to a vintage, you guys realize you need to go talk to the dentist
maybe.
Dr. Millar.
Dr. Millar.
Dr. Millar.
Dr. Millar.
Dr. Millar.
Real talk though.
We got to go to bed.
Like it's.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was, I was trying to.
Yeah.
Also the doctor is not going to be, he's going to be asleep right now.
I don't know about you guys, but I'm fine.
Yeah.
So we should probably go to sleep and then we can talk to Dr. Millar after we deal with
the FBI.
I really wanted to role play a guy in cocaine, but the situation was simply too somber.
I didn't even think about that.
But like also like it instantly, like just hearing about it made me so bummed like sober
you up in real life.
I've been treated.
I'm not really, I didn't take any damage or anything that I got out of there.
I was just kind of in shock for a minute.
So yeah, maybe the like, uh, your eyebrows smell weird.
Maybe I don't have eyebrows anymore.
I don't have eyebrows anymore.
False eyebrows.
Strong character choice.
As Keith Vigna, I would love to go to my bed and fall asleep.
Yeah.
It seems good.
Same.
I'm going to go home.
Do a search on the charred remains of the chief's house.
And also were you, you tried to get into her car.
You couldn't.
Oh, that's where we left off.
Yep.
Good one.
Good.
Boom.
Clark, you go and check the chief's cruiser and it is clean.
There is nothing inside of it.
Not even a steering wheel or seats.
Not even a steering wheel or seats.
No, there are those things.
There is however, no detritus or any other information.
Can I look in the glove box?
You look in the glove box.
It is empty.
Weirdly enough.
Does she have a dash cam?
She has a dash cam on the cruiser and it has been unhooked.
I want to open up the computer that all cop cars have.
Yes, you do that.
Can I get any information from that voice comes over the computer.
Hello computer.
State your query.
Where was this car earlier today?
Examining records.
It was at the mill on the other side of the city.
This car was at the mill on the other side of the city.
How long was it there cop computer?
Since the evening of December 1st.
Three days since the evening of December 1st.
Is that right?
Three days.
That's right.
I mean, it's like the evening of December.
It's like two, two and a bit, two days and a couple hours.
You know, like two and a few.
Is what the computer says back to you.
Excellent.
Thank you cop computer.
Cop net.
Cop net.
Thank you cop net.
You're welcome officer Bishop.
Okay.
What is love?
Officer Bishop.
I close it.
Clark doesn't know.
Clark starts to weep.
I go back to you guys.
I'm going home to go to sleep.
I just, I just talked to the cop net and, uh, what, what is cop net?
You know, the, uh, the computer we talked to in our cars.
Clark, what are you talking?
Wait, we have a computer in our cars, buddy.
I think you need some rest.
I'm just so sleepy.
You know, cop net.
No, I don't.
He said he sounds like this cop, cop net.
Turns out that Maggie's car has been up at the mill for the last couple of days.
In fact, I think it's where she went after she left the station after I gave her her
present.
Yeah.
This was all your fault.
Hmm.
Forget about that.
What's at the mill.
I don't know.
I think that's something we need to investigate tomorrow.
Tomorrow.
Some grist.
I opened my computer up, look at it and I'm like, wow, I guess I do have computer in here.
I shut it and I drive home.
I'm driving home too.
Okay.
If you guys could both leave.
Oh, glad I got that one out of the way.
99.
95.
Woo.
That's a bad roll.
It's a bad roll.
Hey, I'd like to search that house.
Cool.
And you are super hopped up currently.
So you decide to grab, I see John going to the back of his car and pulling out a bunch
of evidence bags and then carrying them toward the burning embers of this house to collect
evidence in these bags.
Do you?
That's what I'm picturing currently.
Okay.
What do you picture?
I'm always picturing more just a stroll through the house, you know, through the wreckage
to try to find anything of significance.
This was a brick home and the exterior walls are still in place.
Sure.
Mostly.
The explosion took out a lot of the brick from the back of the house where the explosion
seems to have come from and the roof has been blown off and the insides are completely melted
and charred, but the structure itself still slightly stands.
The structure itself still slightly stands.
One thing for sure.
This was a house.
Nailed it.
You can never know if this house was a home.
What kind of evidence are you wanting to acquire?
I was mostly just hoping to do a search roll.
Go ahead and roll that search roll for me.
Eight.
Zero eight?
Yep.
All right.
Awesome.
All right.
Awesome.
So as you go through, you can collect the burnt remains of three bodies.
I bet we'd have some coroners for that.
Seems like a medical examiner.
I don't know if they'd just let me, even as a cop, if they'd just let me be here on my
own poking around like bagging up bodies.
The county coroner is walking with you as you go through it all.
What is their name?
Her name is Sheila.
Is she Australian?
Yeah.
I mean, she hates this.
She's not happy.
She got called at like two in the morning.
Hey, come to contention, this town that you have to drive like 45 minutes to.
Oh, she's from the city?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
She booked her way over here and she's dreary.
She's weary eyed and upset and helping you collect the evidence of these three charred
remains of bodies.
Sheila, in your...
Sorry.
In your medical opinion, how would you say these folks died?
Burned.
I don't want to be inappropriate like with you, but the Australian accent is truly beautiful.
Your husband must be a lucky man.
He is.
All right.
You want to help me pick up these bones?
Yes.
She begins collecting bones.
Okay.
All right.
Simply breathtaking.
Help.
There's more over here.
Okay.
I think you got that then there Sheila.
I don't think you're really Australian.
You can actually find the pistol that was in the hand of the man in the kitchen.
Okay.
I bagged that up.
And you can find the knife that was in the hand of Chief Maggie Cook.
The knife was in her hand.
She had a large chef's knife in her left hand.
Okay.
Well, basically I want to see if that matches the stab wounds on her face.
Okay.
And you can also find lots of gas cans, metal gas cans are strewn.
There are probably seven of them.
Okay.
The knife, well, roll forensics for me.
I mean, I would like to, I guess, send that off, but I can, I'll do it.
For now.
I'll just hold it up to the-
Yep.
That's hold it up to the holes.
To the holes in the skull.
That's a, wow.
That's a crit fail.
All right.
What does a crit fail on a forensics test look like?
You slip and you shove the knife into the burnt skull of Chief Maggie Cook and you accidentally
rifle around and a lot of her face and skull disintegrate onto itself.
Oh shit.
So you might not be able to get super accurate results back from that.
And Sheila says, what are you doing over there?
I didn't want to do that.
Now you know how Keith fucks up all the rolls, I just have you one on one.
I can make whatever-
The other thing though is that I did not want to wiggle the knife around in her skull, can
we?
Like, that's not what I'm trying to do here.
That was funny, but can we wreck on that?
I'll take every crit failure as strongly as I possibly can.
I know that, but it just seems disrespectful to destroy the Chief's face.
That's not what I was about.
Go ahead and roll sanity for me.
Is this a knife?
While poking through all this stuff and then severely fucking up the corpse of your former
boss.
Oh, God damn it, that's a 99.
That's a crit fail.
Okay, awesome.
Go ahead and lose three sanity automatically, which puts you at 40.
Yes.
Is there anything else that you wanted to do?
No, I think I've done enough here.
Couldn't agree more.
So go ahead and roll alertness for me real quick.
95.
On a 100.
So congratulations.
No, it's on a 16.
Okay, you don't notice the thing that you would have noticed?
Your search check was for inside the house, which you succeeded on, so you got everything
inside the house, but the alertness check was for something that's totally fair.
Very different.
Okay.
Wish I hadn't destroyed the Chief's face.
I bet it'll be fine.
That image is going to stay with me.
Just digging around in there as it completely falls apart.
Okay, so I don't know.
I mean, yeah, I'll go home and put that stuff away.
Okay, so you finish putting everything into the house and get the trailer that you used
ready to take back in the morning.
And then you go inside and...
Yeah, I'm going to jack off and, I don't know, maybe throw on some ancient aliens.
That should help get you to sleep.
So you're not going to be able to fall asleep for too long tonight.
In fact, I'm going to have you roll power in order to get even a decent night's rest.
So roll against your POW.
Crit success.
Nice.
Then you're going to be able to force your cocaine-addled mind right to sleep.
The Pennymores are famously clear of mind.
You're laying in bed.
Your eyes close.
Zach, I'm right here.
Zach, no, no, no.
I'm right here.
Wake up, buddy.
I'm right here.
Not for the podcast, that's for us.
That was a dumb joke.
You're trying to do something serious instead of mood.
And I was just like, so anyway.
You come to...
Edit point.
You come to and the sky is dark, but the ground begins to give light to the world.
You see a man in the distance with his head and hands in stocks that sit on an inky black
stage.
As you walk toward this man, the ground becomes wider and wider like a screen's brightness
level being gradually turned up.
You hear a holler from behind you and when you turn around, you see your mother.
She looks like she did when she was about your age and she is crying.
She looks past you and a door appears in between you, but you can hear her say, I'm so sorry.
He's just so beautiful.
You don't have to do this.
We can leave.
We can run.
The door floats up into the sky and sitting behind it is that trunk.
You locked up in the police department with the woman's split head atop the black putrid
hacked up anatomy.
You turn around and you are face to face with the man in the stocks, John Peters, his forehead
burned and peeling with the word fool desperate.
His eyes widen and he whispers, please, it's coming.
They cannot stop it.
They are playing the roles of greater men.
You have to save everyone.
It is coming.
What's coming, John, what's coming?
You hear a rumble in the distance as you wake up in bed.
Oh, another good night's sleep.
You know, I never, I never remember my dreams.
You actually get a D four back on willpower.
That's a two hello world.
And uh, you're heading to the station to meet up with, um, your partners as well as the
FBI.
Joe Clark makes it back to his home where he is almost finished unloading all the stuff
into his house and upon finishing it, I assume you're going to skip the wheel of fortune
tonight and go straight to bed.
Probably no, no dinner even.
So as you fall asleep in bed, you're walking through a parking lot and you look down and
you see you are carrying a piece of old parchment that is rolled up with a neat little string
tied tightly around it.
Looking up, you hand it to the cashier of your local grocery store.
You like this guy.
He's trying to scan the role, but it's not beeping.
He looks at you as he chuckles up, this is going to cost you greatly.
As you walk out of the grocery store, you step into the sanctuary of a church during
a funeral, a young boy with an enormous forehead and the darkest eyes you've seen is walking
up to you and tears are streaming down his face as he stares into your eyes.
You hear a small voice inside you that says, please, sir, as the crying boy holds out his
hands.
Do I still have the parchment?
Yeah.
Can I unroll the parchment?
Yeah.
As you unroll it, the young boy looks up and he reaches for it and you begin to hear cries
throughout the sanctuary you are standing in and as you look around, the congregation
is trying to run away, but they are melting into the floor.
You look down and you too are melting into the floor.
When you look up, the boy has been replaced by Tildy B. Mitchell, who looks down at you
with her finger pointed at you like a gun.
She disappears and reappears over and over again as you slowly sink into the floor.
As your eyes look to the ceiling of the chapel, you hear a voice inside you say, let go.
As you wake up in bed.
In the dream, I never got a good look at the parchment as I was unrolling it.
Okay.
Okay.
So John, when you wake up, I'm going to have you normally on each day.
This is when we would do our dealings with the disorder that you have picked up.
So each day, basically we're going to look back at the past day and say, Thomas, did
John Lee Pettymore actively choose to avoid any threats or chances to save people?
And you didn't.
So you don't take any willpower damage.
Each day that you do avoid one of those things, the next day you'll take a D6 hit to your
willpower when you wake up.
And for each day that you continually do that, it doubles or sorry, it doesn't double.
It just adds a D6 every time.
So as long as you continue to not avoid threats or chances to save people, you'll be fine.
When John wakes up, however, he has a text from Drew.
What does that say?
Text from Drew.
Clark came by last night when no one is at the station.
He warned me not to go to the chief's house.
He was limping, but he wasn't limping later.
What is going on?
And where is all the cake?
I text him back.
I ask him where he is right now.
Did he go to the hospital after?
Was he injured at chief's house?
No.
Okay.
I ask him where he is now and I tell him that the cake is safe.
All right.
Sounds good.
He'll send you a text back as you're getting ready and say, I'm already at the station.
If we were really organizing like a multimillion dollar drug deal, like Drew is the sweet,
like what a sweet way to address that at the end of a text, like, Hey, by the way,
where's all the drugs?
No, Hey, don't, I, you know, I know you got a lot on your plate.
Don't worry about it.
But by the way, uh, where's all the cake?
He's super nice.
He is.
Yeah.
I guess.
I don't know.
He has Coke contacts.
He can't.
Maybe.
Maybe.
So I text him.
Yeah.
That, that the cake is safe and where is he?
Okay.
Yeah.
He'll, he'll respond and tell you that he's already at the station.
What time is it?
Eight.
Sure.
Seven.
Doesn't matter.
Six.
Nope.
It's eight.
Yeah.
Okay.
Seven 30.
It's eight o'clock.
Okay.
Doesn't matter.
You ready?
It's just a, it's really essential for me to get into that head space.
You know, like what time is it?
Is it seven 45?
Is it eight, eight 15?
How stressed should I be?
I got to think about the light, how it's acting up.
A lot goes into my role play decisions.
I appreciate that.
Oh, absolutely.
It's definitely a lot of planning and uh, I like to inhabit a character, you know, not
just fly by the cuff of my like a cuff of my seat, the seat of my, okay.
The seat of your tight pants.
Yeah.
Let's not include any of this.
All right, Luke.
So your disorder is that you have to actively lie about things to make you sound better.
Yes.
You didn't do that yesterday.
I haven't been doing that.
Uh, so you're going to start off today with one D six willpower damage and for each day
that you continue to not lie to make yourself sound better, it's going to be an extra D
six daily.
Okay.
Do I have to lie?
Yeah.
Okay.
That's five.
Five willpower.
Okay.
So that brings me down.
Starting at two.
Yeah.
What happens if I go to zero?
I die.
I lose the will to live.
So at one or two willpower, we're going to learn now you are having an emotional breakdown
and that is going to cause a negative 20% to all of your roles for the day.
Yeah.
Oh, that's just what Keith needs.
When you hit zero, uh, no tests can succeed.
Uh, and I take control whenever I want of your character.
Okay.
How can I gain willpower back other than sleeping?
You can do stimulants to focus.
And for each upper that you take, it will negate the negative 20% to your roles for
one D six hours.
And what's the negative consequences of that?
Well, if you use stimulants too often, they become addictive and your body will be at
a negative 20% without their use.
Is there a way to get over that addiction?
Yeah.
Rehab.
How long in game is that?
We will get there if we get there.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Shit.
Looks like I'm going to break into the stash today.
So do you want to, uh, I mean, do you want to try to find anything to make yourself feel,
but you've wake up feeling like shit.
Yeah.
I mean, would coffee count?
No.
I didn't think so.
Um, yeah, I probably am going to have to, I'm going to do the only stimulant that I
know is easily available to Keith, which is the cocaine, the mounds of cocaine that we
have.
Yes.
And it is all out at, uh, John's house.
It is all out at John's house.
He might have some on him.
Who knows?
So I wake up, I guess I'm going to give John a ring.
What time is it right now?
Oh, it's like eight in the morning.
Okay.
Yeah.
I want to give John a ring or a text or whatever and say, Hey, can you bring some stimulants
with you?
Okay.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Cool.
So yesterday you did actively hurt a few people.
Yeah.
I believe you shot the woman in the, in the hand at least once and then in her chest multiple
times.
A lot.
Um, the woman at the hotel motel.
And that means that you, when you wake up this morning, don't have to take any willpower
damage to begin the day because your disorder is in control of you.
So you only actively lose willpower when you wake up.
If you are refraining from giving into the power of your disorder.
Yep.
Right.
Okay.
So when you wake up, you, uh, I think you are actually at 10 out of 12 willpower points.
So you're feeling pretty all right.
I indeed slept.
All right.
So, uh, when you get up, didn't sleep all right.
Yeah.

