Shoot, dang boy, I can't believe that time machine I bought off the internet actually
worked and I managed to squeeze my producer in that little thing with me.
It was gonna be a tight squeeze but my barrel of meat grease helped us slip and slide right
in y'all.
We are broadcasting live from 25 years ago in contention once again.
No matter what reality or time-space continuum we are in, we are always right here for y'all
at 694.2 PTBP, the world's only time-traveling pirate radio station.
Now this timeline's howlin' with Wolf is from At Matt Makes Messes who tweeted about
the show and tagged At Pretending Pod a remarkably helpful, cool, and easy thing to do.
He writes, Contention PD has issued a warning for residents to be on the lookout for a devilishly
handsome 6 foot 1 British man with brown hair and brown eyes who goes by At Matt Makes Messes
on Twitter.
This individual has been seen being too attractive for his own damn good and CPD have warned
not to approach this individual for fear of him talking to you about RPGs and other useless
nerdy shit for far too long.
If you have any information please contact Officer Poppy Cox of the Contention Police
Department.
Well Matt Makes Messes, you may be beautiful, you may be tall, heck you might even be British
for all I know, but I'd like to see if you can make as big a mess as I can boy.
I've made houses unlivable just by being near them, cleared out an entire neighborhood with
the stank that my mess produces, I have made a dumpster behind an all-you-can-eat buffet,
my residence, my kingdom, the rats gather around my grease-coated frame, I am the king
of mess and you will respect and fear me as I sit atop my garbage throne.
But thanks for writing in buddy, remember if you want to write up something for your
wolf to have, tag at Pretending Pod on Instagram or Twitter, tag Pretending To Be People on
Facebook, or write a 5 star review on iTunes and email us at pretendingpod at gmail dot
com.
Of course, you can also support the show financially over on Patreon dot com slash pretending pod.
Become an honorary police officer for $5 a month and instantly access 5 exclusive bonus
episodes including a Q&A session with the cast, an absurd game of Everyone is John with
Justin, a disgusting game of The End of the World with Taylor, and a cartoonishly silly
two-episode run of Magnum Vice Fury Force GM'd by Jake who voiced a young Ferguson
Beans on the show.
This game is so wild y'all, normally the PCs would be cops, ex-special forces or informants
sent on a mission by an angry police captain, but not this time, no Jake wanted the mission
to be doled out by the fanatic pasture of a fringe religious group.
So join Joe as Nelson Fairbanks, choir director and kung fu master, Zach as Christian, rookie
believer and youth minister, Luke as Homer Wacketts, golden boy of the youth group and
baseball prodigy, and Thomas as Mike Megabyte, church IT guy and hacker along for the ride
as they go in search of Satan in 1986 Honolulu Hawaii.
Again, that's all available when you become an honorary police officer for $5 a month
over on patreon.com slash pretending pod.
That's enough news for now, and I'm sure you're just as antsy to see what it's like here in
the past.
Well two things will always be true, one, shit is crazy fucked and two, Wolf has the
tunes to shake loose the foundations of reality.
So get ready, it's an oldie, it's timeless and perfect for a spineless crisis, it's Moondance
by Blue False Indigo.
She runs, she runs, she runs, she runs, she runs, she runs, she runs, she runs, she runs,
the sun is leaving soon.
She knows, she knows, she knows, that the time has come to dance beneath the, dance
beneath the shadow of the moon.
No, is that not, they did it, it was a, it was a mash, they did a smash.
They did the mash, they did the monster mash, they did the mash, it was a graveyard smash.
They did the fuck, they did the monster fuck.
Wolf bar mitzvah, spooky scary, men becoming men, men becoming men, boys becoming wolf.
You're so bad at knowing how it works.
I'm bad at knowing how a lot of stuff works, it's October 1st guys, we're in the spooky
season.
Scary time.
It's our season to shine.
Hell yeah dude.
I think it's a perfect time to start a spooky woods story.
And if you're starting the podcast with this episode at any point in the future that's
not like the fall, I suggest you just stop and wait a year, just wait until it's the
spooky times.
You gotta know where we're coming from and you're just not gonna get it otherwise.
Also if you're starting the podcast now, go back and listen to him from episode one probably,
would be the best way to go about this.
That one's a little tricky because you have to start it in December 2018.
That's true.
That's true.
It'd be hard.
Can you time travel listener?
Hey listener.
If you can.
I appear in this room right now.
Ooh.
Oh my god.
Whoa.
Hey.
Hey.
You can't just come in here buddy.
Hello.
I am a time traveler.
Are you guys glad the podcast is over?
What time are you from?
Oh goodness.
So we're doing a new story set in the same universe.
When did I tell you guys to start working on characters for this?
Like three weeks ago.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Something like that.
Around there.
And...
And then we made them last night.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Pretty much.
When I told you guys to make characters, did you expect it to be in the same...
What did I tell you?
I told you to make High Schoolers.
You told us pretty much exactly what's about to happen.
High Schoolers in the Woods.
It's a prequel.
Oh yeah.
Prequel.
A while back you told us to prepare to make new characters, and I figured that our characters
would die and we would just come in, you know.
He figured our characters would die.
Yeah.
But we fucked up those plans in a very fun way.
I didn't expect to be...
Well, when you first brought it up, I didn't expect to be a High Schooler, but you know.
Here we are.
Here we are.
So for those listening, I have asked these boys to create High Schoolers to play a little
game in the woods.
That's where we're at for this one.
That's what Zach likes to do with his free time.
Play with High Schoolers in the Woods.
Take High School boys out for games in the woods.
Yeah, it's fun.
It's a good place to role play.
It's called orienteering.
I run a course.
How many times do I have to tell you, Thomas?
Fully licensed and accredited.
Yeah, go out to one of those team building things out in the woods.
Walk on a rope.
A lot of rope walking.
So much rope walking.
Get ready.
I hope you guys have rope walking as a skill.
I wrote it down as my craft.
On your character sheets.
I have 100% on rope walking.
So we sat down and made characters last week.
And just to give you guys, listeners, a parameter of what to expect here.
The whole last arc with the characters that we played, we did a Pulp Cthulhu mashup.
And on this one, we did not do that.
So for their characteristics, what are they called, stats, for the strength and constitution
and power and stuff, I gave them 60 points to put in, which would average out to 10 points
on each stat there.
Which means that they're weaker.
They're the worst characters.
Makes us a lot daintier.
Exactly.
And the hit points.
We're just helpless little teen boys, like Zach likes.
Exactly.
Out in the woods.
It's just because I want to teach young men how to become better men.
Probably die eventually.
I mean, everybody dies eventually.
Exactly.
But sooner, if I'm around and well, that hasn't been the case in the show so far, but it might
be coming up.
And then for the skills, I gave them 400 points to put into the different skills, which is
considerably less than even a Call of Cthulhu or Delta Green character.
He also put the parameter on there that we couldn't have any skill higher than 50, which
puts another layer of squishiness on us.
Yeah.
There's a bit of squish.
We're just helpless little boys.
Just out here in the woods.
Is that the only thing you wrote on your character sheet?
What does Zach want to do to us out here?
Torment, scare, kill.
Push the narrative along.
All right, we got it boys.
We got them.
We got them.
Yeah.
Come on in.
Hello.
No, Zach.
I am a time traveler.
From the FBI.
All right, well, this has been going on long enough.
Let's dive into the game.
Damn it.
Fuck.
Oh, did you not want to play tonight?
No, I just lost the game.
Oh.
Fuck.
It's been a while.
Yeah.
All right, diving right in.
We see a high school classroom and the round clock up on the wall, like all high school
clocks, the normal analog clock says 3 30 on it.
And on the whiteboard or chalkboard, regardless, is the word detention and sitting at the only
desk that is occupied in the room is a boy, a helpless boy.
Thomas, what does this boy look like?
Like Judd Nelson in the Breakfast Club, but really young, like 13, 14.
He even looked young for his age, but he's still trying to put on like pretty tough.
So what's he wearing?
Denim, cut off jacket.
He's got kind of raggedy, like pretty thin Western shirt on Wranglers jeans and some
kind of punky boots and a scowl.
What's he doing right now?
Sitting alone in detention.
He's got his arms crossed and he's just staring at the clock and kind of tapping his toes.
And even if there were other people in this room, like he's, he would be, he's giving
off a vibe like fuck off, I've got enough friends.
Mr. Pettymore, you know that you're supposed to be doing your schoolwork.
He rolls his eyes.
The teacher also rolls his eyes.
The teacher is wearing a sweater vest and some slacks and kind of like an oversized
shirt underneath the sweater vest that's poofing out from underneath it.
And he's got horn rim glasses and he is equally scowling at you.
Then there is a knock on the door and two more young boys come into the room.
What do these boys look like, Joe and Luke?
You see Ken Krenkelhoff walk in and he's wearing a letterman jacket, but he also is like 13
or 14.
So he wouldn't, shouldn't have one.
It happens to be one that was bought for him by his dad and told that he needed to wear
to visualize himself in the future.
But he's tall and very fit and he's got a great head of hair and he walks in with a
lot of, his head held high.
He's got a lot of self esteem behind him and he's got a swagger to his walk.
And the teacher greets you very warmly.
He's like, Oh Ken, what a surprise.
So good to see you come into my classroom on a day like this.
How you doing, sir?
Oh, I'm doing extremely, extremely much better now that, now that you're here.
And Oh my God, look who it is, Ash.
Oh, my two favorite students.
Jeremy Pennymore real quick, just gives both of them like a look and pulls out his denim
jacket so the teacher can't see, but he gives them a like jack off motion.
Like, okay.
Like, all right, jack offs.
Ash walks in, he is like average freshman high school height, like however tall that
is five something.
He's got like black hair, just kind of messily placed on his head.
He's got a white t-shirt on with kind of like a, like a sleeveless jacket vest kind of thing
that's buttoned up over his white t-shirt.
And it's a mix between like cheetah print and horn, horns, what is it?
Houndstooth.
Uh, but it's like cheetah print colored acid wash jeans and some like, uh, kind of like
scuffed up tennis shoes on.
And he walks in and he just kind of winks at the teacher and he looks and he sits down
at a desk.
Ash, I am, I am positive that you don't have detention today.
What are you boys doing in my classroom?
We saw that, uh, our buddy Jeremy was in here.
We thought we'd come keep him company.
Get back to work.
Sorry.
You were saying?
We just, uh, we had some work that we could get done and we just thought we'd do it down
here with Jeremy.
Just make sure you didn't feel alone down here.
Ken and I have a group project that, well, my parents don't really want people, uh, to
come over until they're at home and, uh, Ken's is too far to walk to.
So, uh, we figured we just hang out here until, until, uh, we got done with our, our stuff.
Well you know that here at Silas Cole K through 12, we don't necessarily appreciate people
joining in on detentions when they don't quite have detention, might give off the wrong idea
that it's something fun to do.
But you know, you, you two are allowed to do whatever you want.
You know that Jeremy, get back to work.
Well, hey, you want me to do my schoolwork, right?
Yes.
Fuck.
The only schoolwork I got is with these two.
Jeremy cursing.
Sorry, sir.
And he looks at the two of you and he's like, are you actually going to keep him in line?
He is in our class with the, this, this group project.
Okay.
Yeah, somebody responsible has to be in here and Ken, since you're here, that's fine.
I actually, I'm, I need to run down to the teacher's lounge real quick and okay, I'll,
I'll, I'll be, I'll be back shortly.
Yeah, we'll put it, we'll put our nose to the ground.
Jeremy, get back to work.
Yes sir.
And the, uh, the, the teacher leaves the room and closes the door behind him.
Jeremy flips him huge double birds as the door closes.
Your fingers like grow.
Yes.
Uh, and I knocked some stuff off his desk and I'm like, all right, let's get out of
here losers.
Jeremy, what'd you do this time?
Oh, you just know what, what's that guy's name?
Oh, my teacher's name is, uh, uh, Benji Krinklehoff.
Uh, no relation.
Oh, you know, there's so many Krinklehoff's in contention.
It's a common contention name.
You know, old Benji just hates me.
He just has it out for me.
Oh yeah.
Plus I called him a fuck.
You hear from down the hallway, you all ready for the woods tonight?
I open up my like little sweater jacket thing and lining the inside is just a bunch of like
a water dynamite.
What's water dynamite?
The little red things that you can throw in water and they'll still explode under water.
Oh, they're kind of like M-80s, but they're like waterproof M-80s.
Oh, you guys were, we were, we were at, we were going to do that.
Uh, yeah, no, sure.
Of course.
Are you nervous?
What do you mean?
Yeah.
You scared old man.
I just, I thought maybe we were maybe skipping, but no, it's, it's cool, but let's do it.
Well, you might not want to see, we're going to go back to my house before we go to the
woods and I got some, I got something that I wouldn't even bring to school, that home
that explodes.
Is that a penis joke or no.
It's fireworks or maybe something more.
Uh, yeah, I mean, I'll have to talk to my mom and dad and you know, they've been riding
me lately, but it is our last hurrah for this year.
So, uh, my older brother said I could take his car out and we can drive all the way out
there.
He's going to be partying with his stupid girlfriend anyway.
That probably won't fly with my mom, but I'll meet you guys there for sure.
Well, you can just come over to my house.
You don't have to tell your mom.
I'm sorry guys.
You know how they are.
It's a sick 91 firebird.
It's practically brand new, dude.
Maybe next year I'll be able to ride it, but this year I've got to do what they say.
All right.
You're a fuck.
Just like Mr. Krinklehoff.
We'll see you out there.
Cursing as he comes back into the room and Mr. Krinklehoff looks at the stuff that was
on his desk that is now on the ground and he looks specifically at Jeremy Pettymore.
You shouldn't have left the window open, man.
Hey man, actually our school project, it's outside.
We got to go out in them woods and gather some sticks and stuff.
So I'll see you all around.
It's for our biology class with, uh, and then Ash, Ash can't think of a biology teacher
because he's not in biology this semester.
It's for biology, right Ken?
Right?
Biology, Mr. Krinklehoff.
That's what he was working on.
You trust Ken, right?
All right.
Well, Ken, if you, if you say so, that's, that's fine.
But sir, Jeremy, before you leave, you're going to be here with me tomorrow.
The two.
Okay.
I'll look forward to it.
Wait, no, tomorrow.
Saturday.
We have the, the big, uh, the big parade.
Yeah.
No, um, yeah.
Monday.
Okay.
Yeah.
Detention right here.
Whole time.
And you're going to work.
Don't think you're not going to work.
These two can't come in every single day and save you.
I mean, Ken's got sport practice, you know, that's true on Mondays.
That's when you do sport.
I wouldn't miss it.
You better not.
You are the best at the whole, the whole team.
Yeah.
And in the school, perhaps even in the state, you're one of the best.
I understand that a lot of people's hopes and dreams are pinned on me and it, uh, it's
never lost on me.
My dad said, you're the only reason that anyone would ever hear of contention.
Uh, once you're a senior bringing us to the game, the big game.
My dad always says, I'm going to put the family on the map.
That's for sure.
The whole town's counting on you.
The Krinklehoff name.
I, I know Ken that we're not technically blood related, but, uh, it would be really nice
to have our name shining in lights.
That's right.
That's right.
Benji you married into the Krinklehoff family and took your wife's last name, right?
Yeah.
And this is the nineties.
So that's emasculating and strange.
Just like you.
Let's go boys.
I think, well, what are you guys doing tonight?
We're already out the door.
Yep.
And uh, as you guys are walking down the hallway, let's get a sense of, I'm sorry that even
though we're acting, uh, I felt real animosity towards an authority figure.
Like it's just our natural relationship.
As you guys are walking down the hall, I think we've gotten a decent sense of who your characters
are, but how do you walk down the high school hallway, each of you?
I'm curious.
Uh, I'm probably kind of leading the way up toward the front, maybe even a little further
ahead than it would be to look like I was with these people.
I've got a lighter, the lighter that I'm gonna use for fireworks later in my hand and I'm
just running it down the lockers to make like a clink, clink, clink, clink, clink, sound.
I'm just on my smartphone.
I like that.
It's the only thing that, my only rule is no smartphones.
It's a school.
It is 1994, right?
Doesn't matter.
25 years later, 25 years earlier.
Yeah.
Okay.
Time.
I don't care for it.
Yeah.
That's why I decided to, on our very first podcast venture, run a role playing game based
around time travel.
Like a fucking idiot.
Wait.
What?
Yeah.
That's fair.
So, as you guys are walking down the hallway, you see one of the upperclassmen, oh hey guys,
looking in his locker, putting his books up and stuff and he's like, what are you guys
up to tonight?
I mean, come on man, tonight's the night we go out in the woods.
You know how we boys do.
Oh yeah.
I forgot that's your guys' thing, right?
You guys go look for Madge or whatever?
Yeah.
That's our thing.
It's out of the three of us.
That's our thing.
It's certainly a thing that we've-
That's our thing.
We've done.
It's kept us together over all the years we kind of became different people, kind of started
hanging out with the little different groups, but it's the one thing that keeps us tied
together like glue.
Well, are you guys going to find her this year or what?
Yeah, man.
I mean, that's always been the idea.
I mean, that's the goal.
We're going to find her.
What are you doing tonight?
Yeah.
Yeah.
We'll find her.
Oh, I'm just going over to like, probably like the, you know, the, um, you know.
Hey man.
We'll have fun doing that.
Are you on weed?
Yeah.
Don't tell anybody.
Hey.
That's not cool, man.
Dare to resist drugs, alcohol, violence, resist drugs, alcohol, resistance, education.
Yep.
Yeah, sure.
There we go.
Yeah, it works, man.
It's real.
Brother, uh, as I said, if I ran into you to tell you that he's out and, uh, to get
ahold of him.
That's cool.
I could use some.
Oh, do you guys want, how should I, am I supposed to sell weed to freshmen?
I'm, I, I'm, I'm good for now.
Ken, Ken is suddenly pretending to like not be involved in the conversation.
He's kind of like turned around and just maybe like kicking the locker across the hall.
Hey Ken.
Ash, Ash.
Dude, we got to be on our toes tonight.
He's kind of waving and walking down the hall a little further now.
It's true.
We gotta, we gotta be.
Okay.
Well, Cleve Moore, we gotta, we gotta get on our way.
I'll see you later.
Yes.
All right.
Goodbye, Eduardo.
You know, I prefer it when you call me Eduardo.
It's well, it's the name I've chosen.
Yeah.
I just like to call people by their last names sometimes.
All right.
Well, it's rude, but I like you anyway.
Okay.
Bye Eduardo.
Thank you.
That guy's exhausting.
It's like talking to a fucking turtle.
It's like talking to Eeyore.
I would, I don't know.
That guy gets high every day and I personally as Jeremy Pettimore can not relate to that.
And we skip on down the hallway.
Ash and I arm in arm and we're like, what are, we're like reaching out for Ken.
What is the contention?
Ken, skip with us.
What is the contention high school mascot?
Ooh, uh, the octopi.
Did we ever, was it, is that cannon?
I think it's something weird.
I doubt you said it.
Octopus isn't bad.
It's a Silas Cole K through 12 is the name of the school.
And what was his industry besides orphans?
It could be miners.
The miners.
100% the miners.
Yeah.
We know how much Zach likes that.
The 40 miners.
Stop making that joke.
You're not.
Oh, thank you.
I didn't even get it because that's not how my mind works.
Your head was swirling with lore.
That's exactly right.
I was like, I do like mines.
Lore is the name of a young boy he's had his eye on.
It's short for Lauren, spelled like the boy name.
Okay.
All right.
Well.
Yeah.
On the way out, the mascot is a guy with one of those hard hats on with the light and he's
got the pickaxe in one hand and he's holding out his other and I jump up and I smack his
hand to give him a high five.
Except it's a huge, like it's a giant mascot head.
Oh, that's fun.
Like one of the cows.
Like it's an oversized head mascot head of a minor dude and he's just like, he's got
a little like foam hand.
It's important that the head is massive with a giant minor head on it.
Yeah.
That's very fun.
Yeah.
I jump up and give him a little high five for good luck for the team, for Ken and for
tonight.
He topples over.
He's just too top heavy and you guys head off.
All right, Luke, Ash Hornbeam, horn beam.
What is it?
Horn beam.
Horn beam.
That's fun.
H O R N B E A M. Horn beam.
And Thomas, your character is Jeremy Pettymore.
I believe we already know how to spell that.
A lot of people don't.
Ash you.
It's not with a Y.
It's with an I.
Ash, you mentioned that you have a car for the evening, I believe.
I do.
It's my older brother's car.
I think I said a 91 Firebird, which is an ugly car.
What color is it?
That weird like gold color from the 90s.
Very cool.
So as you guys are making your way out to the woods of contention for this evening,
you're driving in this 91 Firebird.
Luke, how fast do you drive in?
How fast is Ash driving?
Am I on a main road or the dirt road?
It's a main road.
It's like a country road probably, yeah.
Two lane.
Okay.
I'm going the speed.
I'm going like probably 10 over till we get to the dirt road and then just pedal to the
metal.
All right.
So as soon as you turn on the dirt road to the contention woods, you put the pedal to
the metal.
I just fishtail into the dirt road and just dust is flying out.
I reach over and turn the tape deck up and Copperhead Road is blessed.
Oh, hell yeah.
Go ahead and roll a drive check for me.
When he does that, I'm like, dude, don't bust the speakers.
And then I look at him and laugh.
I'm like, it's my brother's car.
And as you laugh, you look back at the road and you see a squirrel has run out directly
in your wheels path.
I rolled a 44 on a 50.
Oh, okay.
My brother lets me drive his car a lot.
And you are very good at fishtailing and whipping the back end of this Firebird around.
And as soon as you see it, you...
So I'm still fishtailing and I see it.
So I kind of turn the wheel to where the car kind of like goes sideways on the road, goes
underneath the car.
I like start driving backwards and flip it around and basically do a 360 and keep going
straight.
The squirrel looks at you with these massive cartoonish eyes before it dips off into the
woods.
When it's staring at me, I do a finger gun and wink.
Jeremy's like, what the hell, man, are you trying to get me killed over a squirrel?
Hey man, they're people too.
And you guys pull in...
It's gotta be popular to everybody, huh?
You know, it works.
It actually works out really well that you rolled a crit success on your first roll as
Ash Hornbeam.
Bean, I keep fucking this up.
Hornbeam.
Hornbeam.
I want to say bean.
Hornbeam.
Fucking weird offshoot of the beans.
Yeah, exactly.
Yes.
Well, we don't really speak with the Hornbeam cousins, but...
So you guys pull into this parking lot, it's a gravel parking lot for the contention woods.
And there are two cars in the parking lot currently, one of which has a notice that
is taped up on the driver's side window and the other has a boot on the back left wheel.
What does the notice say on the car?
Move your car or we'll put a boot on it.
And you guys see that there is a little shack at the entrance, which you know is typically
unoccupied and it is like the entrance to the woods.
So it's where the trailhead is.
Is it like a park ranger shack thing?
Exactly.
Also, there in the parking lot right next to it, next to this little shack, is a SUV,
like a Bronco, let's go with a Ford Bronco, that has got a lift kit on it.
I want to reach back into the back seat, or like into the console of the car, get out
a little piece of paper, write, please don't boot my car, ash horn beam, and put it underneath
the windshield wiper.
That's going to be crazy when they find our bodies.
You said like a Bronco though?
Yeah.
Is there any notice or boot on that?
No.
So fresh.
Does it look like the ranger's car?
It does.
Okay.
To just in general shitheadery and hooliganism and anger at my dad, I want to see if those
cars are unlocked.
Absolutely.
Do some petty theft from them.
You guys were extremely mature police officers, so I'm sure making you a freshman in high
school won't-
My new eyes specifically was like, yeah, this guy's got a huge chip on his shoulder.
Is it visible?
Seems like it might be visible.
And go ahead and roll a search check first.
Ooh, critical success, 11.
They are both unlocked, and in the first one you find almost nothing that has been cleaned
out perhaps previously by someone else.
Is there any like identifiable, like can we find out who the car belongs to?
It's so clean inside that it looks like someone came in and took everything out of it already.
That's kind of weird.
That is kind of weird.
And the other one you find a bunch of camping equipment, and there is in the console a title
for the vehicle that belongs to one Stuart Feldman.
Do we know who that is?
No.
Is it registered in contention, or somewhere else?
It is registered in the city.
We didn't bring any camping stuff, should we just take that?
We can return it later.
Yeah, Stuart hasn't been around in a while, so it's a real nice tent.
It's the one with the notice on it.
What do you think?
We can always just bring it back.
Yeah, I mean, yeah.
I like that idea.
Do we find any liquor or anything?
You find liquor and a pistol with ammunition.
Oh shit.
Oh fuck, dude.
That's a badass piece.
Ash gets kind of nervous, but I have all those fireworks in my jacket, and then I found a
stick of dynamite at my grandpa's house, so I brought that with me.
Well, okay, we're gonna shoot the stick of dynamite later.
I don't want to touch the gun.
I checked the gun to see if it's loaded.
It is loaded.
Holy crap, this is awesome.
I'm gonna grab the tent and a sleeping bag.
Sure.
Can I peek into the shack to see if the ranger's in there?
Yeah, and as you walk up to it and peek in, you do see there is an elderly man sitting
on a stool.
It's got one of those open-air windows that he would greet you from, basically, and he
was asleep until you walked up.
Fuck.
And this is the ranger?
This is the ranger, but as soon as you poke your head in-
He's got a sweet fucking ride for such an old man.
I know.
He kind of-
Hello there.
Hi, young boys, what are you doing tonight in these woods of contention?
Well, hey Jeb, we're here for our yearly camping trip.
So you misread the situation because this is not the normal for a stranger of contention,
and you see that he's actually wearing a uniform that is issued by the state, and he says,
Well, it says right here, Woodrow, you can call me Buzz, as that is my nickname, and-
Wait, didn't you just say his name was Jeb?
No, you did.
I know, but that was- I didn't make that up, did I?
I think so.
I think you did.
I thought I heard it.
You're just so good at improv that you just-
Well, and you're so bad at it.
And looking around, you see that he's got a cane.
You've misread the situation.
You've misread the situation, sir.
No, but-
I've already written down this man's name, and he's got a cane next to him, and you would
see looking around the little shack, there are clipboards all hanging on the wall and
at this desk, and there are fire extinguishers, axes, machetes, flashlights, hand sanitizer,
and a first aid kit, and a bunch of other stuff like that.
And you do see there is a board behind him with pictures and pieces of paper thumbtacked
into the board, like a bulletin board kind of thing, and he says, I'm going to need to
take down some of your information, as you know, all these people been going missing
around here in contention, so we just need to make sure that we have all of the information
necessary for any people who are coming into the woods, that way we have the information.
Oh, sorry, I didn't hear you there.
Did you ever consider that a goo monster was taking them to the past?
Not even a little bit, son.
Are you high right now?
No, I was just fucking around with you.
Hey, what happened to Jeb, the normal guy?
Well, and he points back at the board, and there's a picture of Jeb.
It's a Polaroid, and there's a piece of paper behind each Polaroid, and he says, we're going
to need to take a couple pictures of you both and get some information as well, son,
what's your name?
And he holds a Polaroid up to you and snaps a picture.
It's a picture of me blinking in the flash, and then I'm like, Jeremy Pettymore?
Jeremy Pettymore, and what is your business in the woods this evening?
We're just going camping.
Okay.
Did you bring along anything with you aside from normal camping gear?
Just a keen sense of imagination and wonder and hope for the world and the future, despite
the circumstances I come from personally in my broken home, I still got a lot, I think,
to live for.
That is very nice to hear.
I like that.
I like you.
And he writes all that information down, and then he looks up and he says, one last question.
If you were to be scared and run away in some place, where might we find you if you
were hiding?
Probably the old caves.
Probably the old caves indeed.
And then he looks over at Ash and he says, oh, I like the jib of your cut, and he takes
a picture of you.
And it's me smiling, giving thumbs up.
And it is an extremely good picture.
You might be the most photogenic person in contention.
He says, what's your name there, sonny?
Hornbeam.
Ash Hornbeam.
Ash, Hornbeam.
All righty.
And what are you up to tonight in the woods?
Well, we take this trip every year, probably meeting a friend down there, probably going
to come down later, but me and this guy and another buddy, every year we come down here
and we, you know, just boys' night in the woods.
Yes, sir.
We've done it four years running.
Four years running.
You must be very close friends.
Oh, yeah.
The closest.
And did you bring anything with you this evening, Mr. Hornbeam?
That is not traditional camping equipment.
Just the tent and this sleeping bag.
But I see there's a first aid kit in there.
Could we borrow that?
Yeah, well, of course you can.
I normally like to keep it here with me for people who may need it later.
They come here looking for it.
It's like if your kid goes missing in the grocery store, you don't want them to go looking
about for you.
You want them to stay as close to you as possible.
I remember one time my grandchild Poppy, he went missing in the grocery store and we never
found him.
Did you ever consider that a goo monster was taking him back to the past?
You have a funny sensibility about you and I enjoy it thoroughly.
Well, sometimes your first aid kit grows up and you just got to let it go on its own.
Same with the...
Sometimes our normal campsite's a little overgrown.
What about maybe, could we have one of those machetes to maybe cut down brush and whatnot?
Well, you're going to need to roll a persuade check to get one of those.
They're in alphabetical order.
I know.
That only helps if you can read.
That's a fail.
Well, you know, Sonny, I like to keep this one here just in case if there's any grass
that grows too quick around here.
You know what I mean?
I know what you mean.
Unlike the first aid kit, you're going to keep it because you're not entirely bad at
your job.
Exactly.
I figure when all goes to chaos and we're desperately hunting, searching for our lives,
if that were to happen.
I hope not.
You know, I figure we can just loot this place silly once all goes to hell and we find this
guy with his head ripped off or something.
I doubt it.
And I was like, very strong and I've got my head on my shoulders tight.
My mom always said that if my head wasn't attached to my shoulders, I wouldn't be alive.
What else does your mama say?
Does she ever tell you anything else?
Yeah, she once told me that if you've got two birds, then why are you looking in bushes?
Why don't you tell me some more?
And as he does, I want to kind of like sneak around and try to maybe steal some of that
shit.
In order to help him, I want to pull a slingshot out, light one of my fireworks and kind of
fling it out past to create a distraction.
That is some good old fashioned like childhood shenanigans.
I would like you both to roll stealth for me.
Can I roll pranks for mine?
Okay.
So Luke.
Yeah.
Dude, yes.
Luke made a skill under craft, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you can craft pranks.
So that I'm crafting a prank right now.
Okay.
So first off, you're going to roll the prank first and if you succeed, then it'll give
Thomas a boost to his stealth roll.
That is a 46 on a 50.
I would also like to use criminology instead of stealth.
You absolutely can.
As a petty more child, like my mom and dad are just addicts and I come from a bad home,
but the uncles that I've been fostered out to occasionally are all quite criminal and
they're the only people I have to look up to.
All right.
So I've kind of thing or two.
Well, I'll give you a plus 40 on your criminology check here.
That would, that takes me up to a 70 and I roll a four.
Congratulations.
Do you guys want to describe what happened?
What all was in here again?
A lot of clipboards.
We've got the bulletin board with the pictures and the information.
We've got fire extinguishers, axes, machetes, flashlights, hand sanitizer, and a first aid
kit that is already in Ash's hands.
I have stuffed that into the sleeping bag, which I will make into a regular bag until
I sleep in it.
I would like to focus on the clipboards.
I'm kidding.
I'm going to grab a fire extinguisher and then a machete for everybody.
Does he leave?
Does he go check out the relatively big pop in the sky behind the shack?
Yeah.
So there's a, uh, you pull out a slingshot and an M80 and I light the fuse and I sneak
out of the view of the little window and like fired up probably 20 feet past the shack.
So he has to leave to go check it out.
He goes, Oh my goodness.
And you hear it and he's like, Oh, Oh no.
I, I, Oh, I'm going to be right back boys.
I need to take care of something.
And he stands up and uses his cane to walk out of this little shack and he heads over
to the restrooms that are attached to the shack.
So over the little counter, like through the window where you, where he would talk to people,
you just see like machetes and the fire extinguisher and flashlights all just like being cartoonishly
tossed out to Keith.
And I just catch them all in my sleeping bag.
Perfect.
Keith.
Uh, ash.
Ash.
Ash.
That's going to be fun.
So did we pretty much get everything?
Maybe one fire extinguisher just in case two of everything.
Two machetes, two axes, a fire extinguisher, three flashlights if we can get them.
Yeah, for sure.
Uh, and then hand sanitizer, hand sanitizer.
And then I kind of want to take a look at the board.
So looking at the board, you see lots of different types of people from contention.
We recognize many of them because this is an extremely small town and you would know
that a lot of people have been going missing over the past month and the contention police
force is seemingly doing very little about it.
They're not even really talking about it.
Well they just assume it's contention realm spring where everybody goes out to the city
for six months and you know, lives a sinful liberal life.
Yeah, exactly.
Learns about the world.
So how many people are missing?
18.
Holy shit.
Is there anybody I don't recognize or anybody who really stands out?
Yeah, there is a, there's one guy who is named Stuart.
What did I call that guy?
Stuart Feldman.
Stuart Feldman is a bald guy with an extremely thick jaw line and he seems to be upper middle
aged but in incredible shape and looking at his information, he said that he was out
in the woods on business and he is a Brit.
It is noted.
This is kind of, this is kind of weird here, Ash, right here looking for madge.
I think we might've stumbled on some, some kind of a young adult coming of age bonding
mystery.
I agree.
What's a, what's a British guy doing in contention?
I don't even know what that is.
I that's because you are always in detention and not doing your homework.
Hey, you know, but Hey, I didn't know enough about geography than I can point it out on
a map.
I can't tell you why he's here though.
That's like a three or four hour drive from England.
Here's a little map.
Here's a globe sitting on his desk.
Could you point to that?
And I point to Ireland.
That's pretty close.
If you were playing Keith, that would have been like an absolute win.
Yeah.
Uh, and then the last, the last thing I want to look for, um, are the keys to the Bronco.
Okay.
Do I see those in here anywhere?
Uh, roll another search check for me there.
17 on a 50.
You do.
You see the keys to the Bronco and they are attached to the keys for this shack seemingly.
I'm going to go ahead and pocket all of those.
Are there any more keys?
Nope.
Okay.
I'm a little, uh, kind of like nervous, but I don't say anything about it.
Hey, come on man.
It's a role playing game.
It's just, that's what I'm doing.
We just thieve in stealth.
The door opens to the bathroom and you guys hide all of your stolen items and buzz comes
back and he says, yeah.
And one more question there.
If you were to go missing and running off somewhere, where would you be hiding?
Ash?
I'd be with, uh, with my friends.
So I assumed the caves.
Yeah.
I mean, that's where we, that's where he said he'd be.
That's where I'd go hiding.
All right.
And I'm not too familiar with these caves, but they are, where are they?
They're in the far west of, yeah, in the, in the, in the northwest corner of the park
on the globe.
I point to contention.
I'm like, they're right here.
I hit there.
Yeah.
See?
Okay.
All right.
You're learning.
Yeah.
He writes it all down and then he sticks your guys's pictures up on the board along with
the information behind them.
And he says, all right there.
Well, welcome once again to these here fine woods of contention and be safe out there.
If you find any one of these people and he like points at all the people whose pictures
are now around your picture, you know, let us know.
Can you take a, can you take a picture of those pictures and give it to us?
So we might have a reference.
I can absolutely spare one, a single Polaroid, a single Polaroid.
I'll just have tiny little pictures we can't fucking see on it.
I got, I got, we got young eyes.
Is it yet?
Is that Stu?
I think so.
Hey, sometimes I'm doing real good about pretending to be a child and sometimes I'm out, but that's
cause I'm going through puberty and you guys head off to your normal camping spot.
I would assume.
Is it like a drivable trail down to there or is it walking on like, it's so we know
that it is a trail that can handle a four wheeler and it is technically wide enough
to handle a vehicle as well, but it's not, you're not supposed to, yeah, we'll leave
the car here.
Right.
What do you think Jeremy?
Oh yeah.
We already stole all this shit.
We don't want to like attract more attention by just driving over the, the parking barrier.
My brother would kill me if we fucked up his beautiful car.
Your brother's going to kill you one of these days anyway.
He's a fucking maniac.
I know.
But uh, well he lets me borrow his car, so yeah, he's pretty cool.
For now.
Uh, Hey also look, look, look at what we got from, from the car and I, I waved the little
liquor flask.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I flashed the flask at him.
It's a massive flask.
It holds like half a fifth.
Oh, I look at him and I look at him and I kind of smile and I'm like, well, and out
of my back pocket, I pull out a great mad dog 2020 and I'm like, I'm like, we're prepared.
Is tonight the night we become men?
I think so.
I think it is.
So as Ash and Jeremy are heading down the trail, who's got a better survival skill between
the two of you?
I have a 30.
Fuck.
I thought we were still playing shit back and I was like, I've never heard this at all.
It's like, this is insane.
The look on your face when you, your eyes were like bugging out of your head.
Legit.
Why does he look like that?
He repeated the same words for the start of it and I was like, okay, we're listening back.
Shit.
Okay.
That was spooky.
I've got a 50.
Okay, Thomas, go ahead and roll a survival check for me.
19.
Congratulations.
You notice as you're walking out there, you've been in these woods a fair amount of times
and you see that there are tracks on this trail and you are pretty positive.
It looks like a car, some sort of vehicle and a smaller vehicle like a four wheeler
have both driven down this trail.
Here's something weird, man.
Looks like both a car or some kind of large vehicle and a four wheeler both driven down
here recently.
When I look down, I'm like, oh yeah, I see it too.
Damn, we should have driven down here in my brother's car.
Yeah, I don't think that old guy pays too much attention.
Obviously not.
We're pretty far down the trail anyway.
He probably won't be giving us any trouble tonight then.
That's true, yeah.
Or come to our aid in case of emergency.
Good thing we got that first aid kit.
Yes and hand sanitizer.
And liquor that we can pour on any wounds.
So when you guys get to your normal camping spots, what do you do?
How do you set up camp?
I start building a fire right away.
Okay, you notice immediately that there is no wood waiting for you.
Normally the contention woods, each camping spot has enough wood for a fire waiting for
people to come start a fire.
And you got a fire pit, but there's no wood.
Damn, good thing there's that log over there and we have an axe.
Yeah, go ahead and chop that up.
You want to help me?
No.
Okay, well I go and start chopping at this log that's 20 feet away from the campsite.
I know how to lat fire us, I don't know how to create them.
So while he's chopping wood, what are you up to, Jeremy?
I think it's kind of weird that there's no wood here, especially like Jeremy called ahead.
He like made this reservation weeks ago for this spot.
Like it was a weird amount of initiative for a 14 year old, but yeah, I'd like to reserve
camp spot number B-15, it's Jeremy Pettymore, we come out there every year.
Make sure he has some wood for us.
I think it's pretty weird.
I'm a little frustrated, but I also want to look around.
I want to do a little search of the area to see what else is different.
All right, go ahead and roll a search for me.
89.
I do not succeed.
All right.
So you go looking around in the woods in the area and everything seems to be about normal.
And Luke, while you're chopping the wood, I'm going to have you roll an alertness check.
42 and a 50.
All right.
Thomas, if you could leave the room.
So I'm chopping at this log and it's just usually the wood is like real nicely chopped
and easy to make fires out of.
I just have like some just misshapen giant pieces of wood that, you know, will eventually
start a fire.
But I've never done this before.
Disheartened by your attempt.
Turn around and I just sit on one of the big pieces that I've chopped and just kind of
take a break.
As you're sitting there, you hear a rustling and then you see a man's head pops up from
behind one of the bushes, alert ears, looks left, looks right, looks, makes dead eye contact
with you and pops back down under the bush.
My heart stops and my palms get sweaty.
Are your knees weak?
Are your arms heavy?
There they are.
Mom's spaghetti
The time has come to dance beneath the dance beneath the shadow of the moon, ooh, ooh,
ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh with the howling wind.
The sun has come again.
Her eyes, her eyes have seen it all.
The wonders of, the wonders of the shadow of the moon.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
