0.00 296.20 speaker0  Hello my loyal listeners, it's your radiotherapist wolf the dog and I'm here to dole out suspect advice to people I barely know anything about and soothe your worries when it concerns the goings on and contention and the world. Or uh making them worse sometimes, hell I don't know what I'm doing here but y'all keep listening. Anyway this week's howlin with wolf comes from at 1983bit who tweeted about the show and tagged at pretending pod. Spreading the news about this show is the only thing that will keep it on the air y'all. Plus it makes my heart full of kissy kissy feelings. They right. Did the outstanding officers of contention notice the signs at the town's border that said it was twinned with a small town in England called Uddersfield? This is a message from Wolf's British cousin who has heard the news of the strange goings on. Uddersfield is safe y'all apart from the influx of top grade cocaine courtesy of the local church which is floodin the cobbled streets of this west Yorkshire town. Don't forget to send us a postcard from Contention Wolf. We await your next update. Tom from Uddersfield UK. Now listen here Tom the dog. I told you to never ride into the show. I told you what I'd do to you if I ever caught a whiff of you scurrying about. I'd throw your soul into a dimension from which you'd never return. You'd drift on slowly grasping at everything but touching nothing while you fade from existence over millennia. If you want to write up something for your wolf to howl tag at pretending pod on Instagram or Twitter tag pretending to be people on Facebook or write a 5 star review and email us at pretendingpod at gmail dot com. Also don't sleep on the contest happening over on the subreddit r slash pretending to be people. You could win your very own hardback slipcase set of Delta Green the Role Playing Game. So join up with the community there and get to stepping on that contest y'all. Sometimes when I hear about the horrors of the world I feel like stepping into a different reality. It's the news. Last time Francis Beans embedded a big ol' rusty fish hook into John Lee Pettymore's shoulder before Clark Bishop could step in. Clark gave her a boot to the gut and she fell into the massive aquarium hitting her head for pretty much the entirety of the episode. Meanwhile Keith Vigna escaped from the creature that swallowed him and George Piston. He pulled it off by firing his small but powerful pistol into the wall of this beast planting a frag grenade into the newly made enclave and using George Piston as a shield from the blast. Keith hit the surface laughing and gibbering some nonsense about something being inside him. They tried to let Kathy Piston off the hook from which she hanged but they fucked up and dropped her to the bottom of the tank. John Lee Pettymore jumped in, rolled luckily and paddled Kathy Piston back into the presuming safety of the catwalk. hook our three protagonists and their two new companions stand together ready to take on the evil of Marvin Glass and foil his plans to take over the hometown of contention. But first I've set aside just enough time to prepare a brand new song. It may take some time to get used to like Bitter Coffee and Step-Parents but it's what the American masses want inside of them like Bitter Coffee and Step-Parents.
293.92 300.20 speaker1  Zach later. Start it here. Pop pop pop! Oh god.
299.20 311.92 speaker0  Now you can see. It's visual. There was a guy on Reddit today that asked if you treated- fuck. I think it was-
308.24 368.94 speaker1  I think his example was IMDB scores and Rotten Tomatoes but I just used Rotten Tomatoes but it was if you treated directors scores as a batting average that if you took all their scores and averaged them out and I got really curious so I did a bunch of them and it was really interesting. So obviously because it's averages like Kubrick was way up there because he only has like six films and they're all a hundred basically. The ones I thought were interesting Ingmar Bergman and Martin Scorsese both have like 80% averages and they've both got like 35 films each. They've got a huge list. Their status is way up there. The one I was surprised was low. What was it? I think it was Fincher maybe had a really low score.
365.46 705.80 speaker2  Still batting 490 so. to say I have an interesting time with how we end a session or an episode in some of these cases do I do a cliffhanger is fun often or do I give you guys something right off the bat the next time that you're not prepared for you just always wait for somebody you did you did some sort of a cheerful gathering the group together speech we all high-fived and that's what I thought very dead Francis is bacon so you guys are standing on this catwalk with Doug Jacobs in the body of agent Trent Chad who's trying to recover from everything that's happened to him and Kathy piston who you've been having some interesting conversations with will the catwalk that leads away from the torture chamber or prison or whatever weird aquarium topping that you are currently standing in and on the other side away from that is the elevator door and I need you all to roll alertness for me as you begin walking toward the elevator door as you're walking down this catwalk busting up out of the water just to the right of you is the fish man you saw earlier wearing the brown jumpsuit who is walking the perimeter in here and he flops up onto the catwalk kind of like a fish out of out of water and begins to shake off and what I've done is I used a whiteboard to make a map of the room that you're in you'll see the grid has the green where the water is and the white is the catwalk that you're standing on remember catwalk is kind of great you know so you can still see and very much smell the water coming are hanging and over there there's a circle with a little frowny face and two X's that's where the body of Francis beans is and then down here we have the catwalk leading to the elevator door we also have five little little magnets three of which are cat butts the butts of cats I thought they were dinosaurs they look extremely similar to brontosauruses and then we have two little markers down here one is a kitty pen magnet thing and the other one's just a little brick so the little brick is gonna be agent Trent Chad's body with Doug Jacobs trapped inside and the little shakes all this water off of him and looks up at you and we are now in combat Joe Clark Bishop
700.52 711.28 speaker1  to pull the other one from my waistband and throw it to Doug Chad all right and if I can I'd like to
705.80 1013.76 speaker2  still pull mine out of my boot can I do two of those I would say that you could like pull one you and who's got a better dexterity between John Lee Pettymore and Keith Vigna I have 60 50 fire into the wall and it actually makes a divot in this so the wall right next to the elevator is that same like onyx kind of like black obsidian and you fire into it and it actually like kind of cracks and you can see in the reflection it like shatters into a bunch of different like mirror 40 congratulations all right so you are almost point-blank range so you're gonna be in your second damage increment on the shotgun so you're gonna roll 3d6 for damage on that on just the shotgun yeah and then also it was a pistol you said the heavy pistol in yep so 1d 10 3d 6 plus directly into his gut and have you ever was aiming for his guilt has he ever gutted a fish and you can tell especially since it's his turn next you'll be able to tell that he's gonna be able to continue to act but according to what one might call I think it's D&D is it Dungeons up on the map and I will place them they're going to be on either side of you and in the like the one in meet the parents like Siamese sure and so with that these other you hear a full quartet and surround sound of this chance oh by the way he has a smile while he's singing more of a grimace than a smile I suppose more of a giant purple action figure for McDonald's and he his teeth are like human teeth I don't know if I've ever explained that when he when he grimaces these uh these mutated humans they still have it's like those fish clown fish they're not this creatures in front of you also has those teeth with that his turn is finished and Doug
1008.88 1027.72 speaker1  Jacobs Oh Kathy piston are both standing there with pistols in their hands well hey can we get
1021.36 1305.32 speaker2  really bad here so we're gonna take away the just swap them the brick the brick is now fish man is gonna shoot the one who is flanking you from the back and side and Doug Jacobs is gonna fire at the one right in front of him Doug Jacobs misses wildly and fires into one of the shattered pieces of wall that Keith fired into earlier breaking it further into a prettier site oh and continued in their their chanting and you hear a rumble and your feet begin to shake and you see in the distance two massive claws grab on to the catwalk and begin ripping it down and the catwalk fully breaks off into the water and where it once was you see this massive creature that looks exactly like one of these fish men unclothed and four times larger and this one has a giant wound in its side and it is bleeding out pus water and this black ichor what's the junk like oh it's creatures in the game at the top of the order here it's gonna be Clark Bishop's turn and I want to give you guys a few outlines for this combat basically in order to leave this room from what you know right now you have to leave through the elevator in order for the elevator to come you have to press the button you don't know how many rounds it's gonna take for the elevator to come after you press the button so you have to survive until the elevator comes you dictate as grid spots so you can move from like one water to the you know move up different water spaces in the grid or no sorry you can move one space and act or you can move two spaces with no the water and you see blood start to dissipate all throughout the water he would have been a
1300.32 1393.76 speaker1  green a game where if I've now used an action I can't move or can I go ahead and use the movement
1384.52 1642.60 speaker2  to the ears as is your lack of good rolling strongly petty more stern can I make it to the the shoulder and it does not seem to do any damage whatsoever which is interesting if you the catwalk he's very scared he wants to get out of here he's tired his arms hurt and he's bleeding all over the place he's very upset and for the last like couple hours he's just been doing creature is clawing its way right toward Keith Vigna who is now being completely surrounded by these amphibious creatures oh that's close and it gets close enough in one turn to go ahead and claw just reach it like goes directly into your shoulder and the back four claws all dig into your back and it is going to with a successful claw attack it has a chance to grab and it fails the group the grab so it digs its claws into you for nine damage and you start bleeding just profusely and you actually feel a crunch where it entered you because it went all the way through goes out and he falls on to the catwalk Luke I'm gonna need you to leave the room yeah I figured try
