Oh, I didn't see you there my babies, come on in.
I was just reading this amazing book by a bright new genius author called Finding Your
Inner Clam Gravy, Diving Through This Dumpster We Call Life, written by me, Wolf the Dog.
It's an autobiography by me, Wolf the Dog, about me, Wolf the Dog, I'll probably never
release it though.
This book holds far too much knowledge and power, but then again, money does let a dog
get closer to his dream of opening a trash can centric theme park.
Speaking of trash, this week's Howlin' with Wolf is from jdg222 on Instagram, who wrote
a 5-star review on iTunes, which is apparently a great way to help guide my dulcet tones
into ears that have not yet had my pleasure, mmm delicious.
Jeff writes, If Wolf could give a shout out to my companions at The Traveler's Path, that
would be amazing.
They've been with me through thick and thin.
Our handler Alan has given us weeks of adventure.
My friends have become brothers and sisters in arms.
I can't wait to share more adventures with them.
Aaron, Bob, Justin, Willis, Nick, Connor, Victoria, Emma, and Tony, I love you guys
and will see you next session.
Now I most certainly will not give a shout out to Aaron, Bob, Justin, Willis, Nick,
Connor, Victoria, Emma, and Tony, there's just no way you can make me do it.
Never in a million years, Jeff from Instagram.
I appreciate you writing though, even if I definitely did not honor your request.
Remember, if you want to write up something for your Walter Hal, tag at PretendingPod
on Instagram or Twitter, tag Pretending to be People on Facebook, or write a five-star
review on iTunes, baby, and email us at pretendingpod at gmail dot com.
I agree with you that Mark Zucker Buttface should be reprimanded for falsifying numbers
to pull in more native content.
If you would like to spit in his face, you can support this show financially over on
patreon dot com slash pretending pod.
Five dollars a month instantly unlocks access to exclusive bonus episodes.
The most recent one is a delta green one shot based on a Wikipedia article sent in by one
of our dear honorary police officers.
A big difference between contention police officers and our honorary police officers
over on patreon is Wolf the dog loves his honorary police officers.
Wolf the dog ain't never been hassled while diving snout first into a dumpster filled
with wet sloppy Mississippi roast by one of his honorary police officers.
Jesus, last time was grievous.
The reason for the season is seemingly malfeasance for the sake of convenience.
Given credence to the frequently indecent, it's time for the news.
This segment of the news comes in the form of a multiple choice question.
The question is this, if someone begins chanting and you would like them to stop, you should
a.
Ask them to stop b.
Cover the mouth c.
Use that cool gun Leon had that Clark is holding which knocks people unconscious or d.
Immediately shoot them.
If you answer d.
You might be a contention police officer.
Everyone is dead.
So let's spread some dread.
I got something around here that will fit this somber mood orgastically.
It's kudzu with no backbone.
Do you have your car back yet?
Are we recording?
We're always recording.
I woke myself and my girlfriend up in the middle of the night screaming Luke no because
I was having a dream where I was riding shotgun with you and we were having this discussion
and we were trying to prove points on our phones or whatever basically and you got super
distracted from driving and I noticed I look up and I see this young woman in the middle
of the road right in front of us that you're about to just plow over and I screamed Luke
no in real life and woke myself and my girlfriend and the cats up.
What did she look like?
She was wearing a white dress.
I bet that symbolizes something.
Well I did recently murder somebody but just not with my car.
It's weird that there was a car in the dream.
I was driving a van so it's totally different.
Luke what was she wearing?
Oh I don't know I was in a blind fury so I don't remember.
I only see her face when I close my eyes.
She just looked like my dad.
Luke I thought your new year's resolution was to not murder anyone this year.
Well you know how new year's resolutions go.
By the wayside quickly.
Did anyone else make any new year's resolutions?
I never do and I didn't.
Hey Kameel good job.
Perfect as it is.
Justin?
Oh I got way too many rezzies when I get fit-ish not like jacked.
Go Kameel.
Not like Zach.
I don't want to be as fit as Zach.
For the listeners who don't know Zach is just fucking ripped.
Just pumping iron.
Honestly when I stand next to Zach it's like Kevin Hart standing next to The Rock.
That is true.
A lot like that.
The other day I went into work and one of my fellow co-workers who does go to the gym
greeted me by grabbing my bicep and then immediately looked me in the eyes and said did I just
touch bone on both sides?
Did he?
Oh yeah he got bone baby.
What do you mean?
Of course you can do that.
Who was it?
It was Phil.
Doxum.
There's no way I could feel bone in his arm.
Well it's a good thing because I didn't feel emasculated at all.
So it makes sense.
I felt really normal about it.
Oh no you can't feel bone you're... it's too much fat.
Thomas was just groping me that whole time.
A few weeks ago I was talking to Phil I forget where we were but I was talking to him.
I was just saying like yeah the first time I met you I knew you were going to be a douchebag
and then like you weren't and it's crazy to me still.
You said that to him or he said that to you?
I said that to him.
That could go either way in my opinion.
But he was like oh yeah like I get that a lot it kind of sucks but I and then he like
looks down at himself it's like it's because I look like this I'm like well kind of kind
of proved my point.
Confirmed.
Confirmed.
That's two douchebags talking to each other right after that day.
I'm just a small douchebag.
Kevin Hart size douchebag.
That's my New Year's resolution is go get as jacked as Ferri and also probably grow
six inches would be nice too.
My New Year's resolution is to stop taking Zach's shit in this fucking game.
Well the intro we have today is gonna maybe go opposite to that.
Let's go ahead and recap what happened last time so that Thomas cannot take my shit.
The five of you approached the jingle ball.
You find students there and faculty there acting strangely and a man began begins screaming
of the familiar phrase towel a la coal.
What was going through your guys's mind at that moment?
Like what what uh?
Same shit different day.
Mine was stop them immediately.
Yeah that dude sounds like he's casting a spell.
And I don't like spells.
I've heard enough spells to know they ain't usually good.
So Keith shot him and these students and faculty, Thomas's great school shooting joke from last
week aside, they all see this chanting man get shot probably for the first time.
Not a joke.
I just listened to this episode.
I legitimately suggested hey maybe we don't shoot up this fucking school.
I thought it was hilarious.
We found very funny and then immediately discarded that thought.
So everyone in this room starts acting even stranger.
Thoughts?
Hey, that's a I just find that kind of language like pretty derogatory thoughts anymore.
I kind of felt gross coming out of my mouth.
Yeah.
Them hoes.
We're just kidding.
I forgot.
I'm uh taking the word back so I'm empowering it.
You are a thought.
Wow.
Never mind.
I don't like it.
That did not last long.
Justin took it and then gave it right back.
Released it back to the universe.
So then John shot and killed a girl and he also shot two reindeer.
His idea.
It was totally on purpose.
Keith shot a young muscular man dressed as Santa Claus right between the eyes and these
students and faculty all see this and begin acting violently towards themselves and they
begin chanting and then the original chanting guy killed himself.
After I shot him though.
I want to make that clear.
Yes.
Yes, of course.
He was dying and then he killed himself.
That's college, baby.
So where do we stand?
Any final thoughts there?
Anything you want to talk about?
I don't know that we did the right thing, but guess what?
Can't change the past.
And the best we can.
I mean, yeah.
Not for lack of trying.
That's all anyone can expect of us, right?
With the information we've been presented.
We did our best.
We did.
So I was thinking a lot about that.
Okay, wait.
Hold on.
This lady was shaving reindeer, sharpening their horns.
Animal abuse was happening and everybody seemed to be on her side.
And those elves looked at me wrong.
And I think hot Santa made us all feel kind of bad about our bodies.
Yeah.
He had to die.
Well, I was kind of getting worried that maybe I hadn't given you guys enough information.
So I reached out to a few listeners and just kind of asked them a couple of questions about
what they thought was going on and they all get it.
At least most of the ones that I talked to understand where we're at.
So now I don't feel bad about what I've done to you and the choices that you've made and
I'm very happy.
You know what, hypothetical listeners out there that Zach may or may not have conjured
up out of his own.
Listeners like Deborah.
Deborah, stand up.
Oh shit.
He brought him.
Hey.
Hey Deborah.
Well, that's one.
Sup.
And Jamie.
Hey.
Fuck.
I love the podcast.
Okay.
Two doesn't prove anything.
Listeners like these can prove many things.
No, no, no.
I'm not impressed unless you bring in at least one more listener.
Well, Jared's here.
Here's the deal.
Some listeners have listened to...
Jared.
Hold on.
Jared's trying to talk.
Hey.
It's Jared here.
I totally have this whole podcast figured out.
I don't know why you guys don't know what's going on.
It's obvious.
What can you tell us, Jared?
I'm not going to fall for that one.
See?
See?
Yeah.
He's not going to fall for it because it'll be more fun when you guys figure it out eventually.
Okay.
I just want to tell the three of you who just stepped into this room that when you're playing
in the moment and drunk and kind of high and also doing these mysteries two, three weeks
apart sometimes, it's hard.
It's hard to keep track of those things.
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
I was going to say there are some people that have listened to 60-ish hours of this podcast
in a row.
In a row.
We like you.
In one day.
I have listened to this podcast only twice.
Every episode I've heard of twice, well, the first time is playing it and making it and
the second time is week by week for what are we at?
Like a thousand weeks now, you know, a thousand weeks since we started pushing this boulder
up the hill.
A thousand weeks if I could just ... Was that Bernie doing it?
If you did a thousand miles but you had two people, you could break it up and you could
each do 500 miles each.
Remember five minutes ago when we almost started the episode for the listeners and then we
just went back to that bullshit?
Zach, can you draw up your room?
Yeah, Zach.
It pains me to only now realize that there was a jingle ball playlist thumping for the
entire duration of the last episode.
Not canon.
Not canon.
Retroactively, I would like to say that blaring the entire time during all that super fucked
up shit was the classical Paul McCartney Christmas hit, Wonderful Christmas Time, but someone
had mashed it up so Danny Brown was rapping Grown Up over the top of it.
That sounds amazing.
Can I just say that song gets so much fucking shit and I love it.
I know.
I'm with you too.
Wait, the Paul McCartney song or the Danny Brown song?
The Paul McCartney song.
It's one of the most hated Christmas songs.
It's a great song.
Really?
Yeah.
People fucking hate that song.
People really fucking hate it.
It's just because they go to the mall and then they hear it 17 times and it's not all
I want for Christmas is you.
I'm not trying to say that, but it's cool.
It's weird.
It's like Paul.
Yeah.
I like it.
Did you see the tweet that talked about how it was a guy who thought for sure that that's
a song about a guy who is doing a ritual and gets walked in on.
The first lyric is like, the moon is up, the something something and then he have been
a wonderful Christmas.
And then he's like, oh, hey, simply having a wonderful Christmas.
The moon is right.
The spirits up.
We're here tonight.
And that's enough.
And then a guy walks in a wonderful Christmas time.
So as that beautiful, meaningful mashup concludes, the playlist cross fades into the new version
of Santa Baby by Tyler, the creator.
And the camera slowly pans around to survey the aftermath.
Is that real?
No, but I wish it was.
I was like, I've never heard that.
I was like, that sounds amazing.
The camera pans around to survey the aftermath of these last three minutes.
We see two lifeless, partially shaved reindeer next to a dead college student, all sharing
all mercy killings of dark red blood.
We see a Santa Claus who has been shot in the head laying next to two well wrapped person
shaped Christmas presents.
We see a man impaled on the elf's four poster chair and beyond him in Santa's throne.
A woman in a bathrobe is splayed headfirst neck snapped in the throne's belly button.
Her legs limply akimbo on either side of the armrests.
The elves blood has frozen their corpses to the skating rink that has become their grave
in the regular place of a mop connected to a mopstick.
An upside down naked man is slumped face first and lungs full in the mop bucket.
Next to due to a past luck roll by Joe a very sturdy laptop.
Emilia Clark breathes her last breath in the arms of Clark Bishop.
Is her name Emilia Clark?
It wasn't Emilia Clark, right?
I'm sorry?
We went over the fact that I wasn't.
What was her actual name?
Locke.
Emilia Locke.
Oh, motherfucker.
I even wrote Emilia Locke.
You have fucked that up literally every single time.
I don't think you've said it correctly once.
Thomas just tried to look at my notes.
I just wanted to look at that one word and then I was like, oh, that's dumb.
I sit next to Zach now and I could theoretically blow this game wide open if I just leaned
a little bit to the right.
But I'm not going to do that.
That's appreciated.
So I need everyone to roll sanity.
Well, I ain't got none of that.
Oh, shit.
I pass.
Six.
I fail.
Fail.
Pass.
Actually, I don't know how much sanity I...
Oh, I do pass.
Barely though.
Okay.
So I am going to need...
Oh, I need a...
Thanks, baby.
John and Clark to roll a D6.
Fuck.
Five.
Fuck.
Six.
Joe!
God damn it.
And everybody needs to leave the room.
Everyone except me needs to leave the room.
When you're at your breaking point, that's...
When you're at that number, you hit it, right?
Yes.
Okay.
I exactly hit my breaking point.
I'm down to eight sanity.
I hit my breaking point also, and I am at two sanity now.
Damn.
Holy shit, y'all.
How did you lose so much?
I had a...
I forget.
There was some reason I had a really low amount really early on.
Like I got really screwed.
I guess mine doesn't go down too often because I don't care when violence happens.
You adapted to that.
Yeah.
What is your sanity?
My current sanity is 23 right now.
Fuck you.
What was your max sanity?
50.
Oh, damn.
I started at 60, apparently.
I started at 60.
But when we woke up in the mausoleum the second time, actually the first time we were there,
I think I was down to already like 16 or something like that.
I've been real low since we started this whole second life.
I think, yeah, my saving grace is that I have no empathy, so...
I also got ripped out of my own spine and put myself into my daddy's spine.
I don't think that helped.
I don't think it would.
I went ahead and rolled sanity for Leon Simpson, and Joe, can you see what I rolled?
He rolled an 88.
Ooh.
Which Leon obviously has 100, so that's a crit success.
All right, let's get some of you out of here and keep some of you.
I'm going to hold on to Joe first.
Everybody else, leave the room.
Hold on to me.
Oh, fuck.
Okay, I was...
I watched...
Oh, we were watching.
Oh, actually, hold up.
Sorry.
I'm going to hold on to Luke and Justin.
Luke and Justin, Keith Vigna, where are you standing in this room at the end of all this
chaos?
I think I was running back up the stairs.
I think you were running back up the stairs, which is where you would see Donovan, and
The very first person you notice is Leon Simpson, who immediately falls to the ground and starts
writhing all over the floor of the Accord Student Union, and he starts chanting.
And as he's chanting these numbers, two, five, one, four, one, nine, one, three, nine, two,
zero, eight, oh, one, two, five, one, four, one, oh, one, nine, one, three, nine, two,
zero, eight, and then he immediately goes and just starts running around trying to find
something to write with.
He's spreading out any liquid on the floor and drawing these letters out, these numbers
all over the ground.
I pull my phone out and I start writing down the numbers that he's saying.
I look at it and I'm immediately like, oh, hell yeah, I'll have to look at this later.
And as you do that, you notice that Clark Bishop and John Lee Pettymore are also drawing
numbers on the ground.
Are they the same numbers?
I'm chanting.
No, they are the numbers earlier that you would recognize as Bruce Robin.
Okay.
Is Leon still occupied with this?
Very occupied.
I want to go over and just give him just a slap on the face to like snap out of it.
He does not pay attention whatsoever to the slap.
Donovan, what did you do to him?
I didn't do anything.
Donovan's just like freaking out.
Just eyes super wide, looking around, just like, uh, like it's frozen, just paralyzed.
I've never experienced this before, so he's just like, uh, very scared.
I grabbed Donovan by the shoulders.
I'm like, are you okay?
Here.
You didn't kill anybody, did you?
No, no.
Thank God.
It's kind of a great feeling sometimes, but if you've never done it before, I wouldn't
want to help you handle this.
I didn't want to.
Leon just tried to help me though.
Was he acting like this the whole time or?
No, he just now dropped.
I go over to Clark and try to slap him and slap him out of it too.
Same thing.
Nothing.
Are Leon's headphones on?
Leon's headphones are on.
That would have been the only idea Donovan had.
I guess I'll take them off, see if it does anything.
It does not.
Okay.
So right now the five of us are the only people live in this room.
That is correct.
I don't fucking know.
I get on my phone and I start trying to decode this number.
It says Ben Smith.
That was easy.
Thanks for not making me do it.
You've done it before.
Ben Smith.
Have I ever heard that name before?
No.
I Google it.
Okay.
Yeah.
You Google it and you find...
I Google Ben Smith CSU.
When you Google Ben Smith CSU, you find a student profile and you recognize the student
Ben Smith as the one who was standing doing squats on Santa's throne, who initially started
the chant.
I'm going to go over to...
Is he on Santa's throne or what did he impale himself on?
On the elf's four poster chair.
Downstairs?
Down the stairs from the throne, yeah.
I'm going to go grab his wallet and just kind of like check and see what's on his person.
Yeah.
Ben Smith, student ID.
He's been a CSU student for two years now.
Nothing out of the ordinary in his pockets or anything?
There is a piece of paper that has the math that led to 330 Gift's house and then there's
another piece of paper that he wrote out the letters to play on the Casio keyboard.
So he got here the same way we did just by following the scavenger hunt?
Must have.
Since I don't find anything else of interest on him, I want to go over to Clark.
Does he have the laptop still?
The laptop is on the ground, yeah.
I'm going to open the laptop up and power it on.
When you open up the laptop and power it on, you see that it is still kicking due to that
successful luck roll last game.
And there are a few things open on the desktop.
There are three screenshots from Twitter and two videos.
What are the screenshots of?
The screenshots are all from the CSU biology department and I'm going to send you a message
right now.
With those on?
Okay, sweet.
Just like text tweets?
Yes, but I made fake ones so it'll be fun.
Tight.
So the three screenshots from Twitter and two videos are open.
What are those entitled?
They are not titled, but one is of a young woman that you recognize from pictures as
Harriet Marks sitting in her dorm room and the other is a very dark and distorted picture
and you can only make out a candle in the middle of the frame.
The one with the candle, does it remind me of like the pictures that we took with the
camera?
You know, where everything was black except certain...
Only in the sense that it's dark.
But it doesn't have that same like feel to it.
It does not.
And the only thing I can see is a candle.
Yes.
Okay.
Go ahead and check out those tweets I just sent.
Justin, do you want to read what's going on there?
We got who the tweet came from, what time it was sent, what day it was sent, and what
it says.
CSU Biology Department at CSU Bio.
This seems crazy, but a few of us who are not infected have quarantined ourselves in
the lab.
Please call 911.
Our calls are not going through.
1036 p.m. December 3rd.
Call 911.
Call 911.
Emergency.
CSU campus is infected with some sort of virus.
Please help us.
We are trapped in the lab at CSU.
Please call 911.
2 48 a.m. 4th of December.
We're still quarantined in the lab.
If you're the person or entity scrubbing this page, please have a heart.
We are running low on supplies.
2 48 p.m. 6th of December.
And today's date is?
The 6th of December.
And it is, what time is it now?
Like evening?
Almost 9 o'clock.
It's like 8 30.
Where did it say they're quarantined at?
The lab.
Like in our travels to find the Accord Student Union, did I happen to see a biology hall?
Donovan would know where the biology lab is.
Okay.
Okay, so I look at the laptop and I yell up to Donovan like, what do you study here?
I'm a communications major.
Have you ever taken a science class?
Yeah, you have to.
They wouldn't let me not take it.
We need to go to the science hall and then I run up the stairs and I show him the tweets
from the laptop.
Donovan, you would know that the science hall is called Glass Hall.
That's where all my classes are this semester.
Glass Hall?
Oh my God, there's one at MSU.
Yeah, that's what I thought you were doing.
So at Missouri State University, we have a glass hall.
I forgot about that because I only went for five semesters.
This is my last semester and I'll finally, you know, I did it pretty quickly, but seven
years for a bachelor's is pretty, pretty average.
Well done, sir.
Eight years, baby.
Hell yeah.
We all took a while to do it, but hey.
We did it.
Luke hasn't done it yet.
I focused on booze a little harder than my classes sometimes.
So in the city, CSU's glass hall is named that because a certain amount of money was
given by a certain person and at that moment I'm going to get Thomas and Joe to join us
back in the room and in fact, you guys won't be here.
Cool.
Cause I have to take a tinkle time.
Hey Joe, hello Zachary.
So on this arc of pretending to be people, I'm running the sanity mechanics slightly
different.
However, this seems to line up perfectly with you hitting your breaking point.
So as we've done in the past, I'm going to have you roll a D100 three times and we will
choose a mania and this mania will need to overtake all of your decisions, all of your
words, all of your role-playing actions for the duration.
Holy shit.
Roll them up.
I got an 82.
82?
No.
Oh.
Get out of here.
Thomas just walked in like he was supposed to be in here, that goofball.
I got a 49.
49 and what is that last one?
A 48.
48.
Thankfully close.
So 82 is photomania, the pathological desire for light.
That's fun.
Interesting.
49 is goatomania, obsession with witches and witchcraft.
And geolomania, the uncontrollable compulsion to laugh.
Well, the left one is the easiest one to do.
Does Joe have a compulsion to laugh?
I have that in real life.
I have geolomania.
As we both laugh at that.
I think I would take the light thing.
I think that's interesting that I'm always searching for the light.
Obsessed and searching for light.
So when you say it takes over my character, can I be involved in discussions now or do
I have to be trying to get away from the group to find the light source at all times?
You know how Thomas has been kind of off topic but still going with what's happening in the
group?
Uh huh.
Like that.
Okay.
So obsessed but also, you know, don't ruin the podcast.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
I think I can do that.
All right.
Sounds good.
I'm going to grab no one.
I'm going to get everyone and then we're going to happen.
Okay.
I'm going to get everyone and then we're going to happen.
Keith Vigna and Donovan Westerfuck, you guys, what's your last name?
West Haven.
In Donovan West Haven, the two of you notice the eyes light back up in Clark Bishop and
John Lee Pettymore and even in Leon Simpson.
And as you notice that happening, Leon Simpson gets up and starts boogieing down.
He's shaking his hips, he's snapping his fingers and he starts dancing down the stairs.
Okay.
So you said that people have figured this out, out of character.
One thing I have thought is that maybe some of your inspiration for this was like dancing
sickness.
I don't know what that is to me either.
It's what the movie Joker is about.
Didn't see it.
You should.
It's really good.
So I see them wake back up and I run over to Clark and I shove the laptop in his hands
and I'm like, look at this.
And the glow of the laptop illuminates your face.
I just stare at the laptop.
Sorry.
I meant dancing mania.
Have you heard of that?
Yes, for sure.
And that is what this is all based off of.
I've only seen the parody Dirty Dancing Mania.
The dancing plague or dance epidemic of 1518 was a case of dancing mania that occurred
in Strasbourg, Alsace, now modern day France, and the Holy Roman Empire in July, 1518.
Around 400 people took to dancing for days without rest and over the period of about
one month, some of those affected collapsed or even died of heart attack, stroke or exhaustion.
Do they know what?
Dancing mania.
Do they know what happened?
Well, let me go to the page for dancing mania.
Wait, that wasn't the page for dancing mania?
That's the page for the dancing plague of 1518, which is one of the most famous.
My guess is of the dancing prion.
Well, I think it's kind of related to like speaking in tongues.
It's just like a social like, oh, they did it on purpose.
I thought it was like a sickness.
I never spoke on tongues on purpose.
I've seen people speak.
Have you spoken in tongues?
Yes.
Yes.
No, I've seen people speak in tongues and I don't think they're doing it on purpose.
I always threw in the F word.
I'd be like, are you speaking in tongues when you do tall?
As a sixth grader, I realized I was an atheist when I went to James river church camp and
they made us speak in tongues and I was like, oh, this isn't real.
So I just sent you guys screenshots of three tweets that were screenshotted and saved onto
the desktop of this computer.
The other two things on this desktop are videos and the like screenshot, the screen cap of
each video.
One is of a woman, the young woman that you recognize as Harriet marks.
She's sitting in her dorm room.
It looks to be like a webcam video and the other is a video that is very dark and distorted
looking and you can only make out a candle in the middle of the frame.
Go ahead and read those tweets cause that's our next step.
Clark is staring at the laptop and slowly his face is getting closer and closer to the
screen until his forehead is just touching the screen.
I look at him do this.
I'm like, his forehead is touching the screen for like five or six seconds.
And I'm like, Clark, what, what do you, what are you doing?
Just uh, just getting, getting closer to it.
That's all.
Can you read those?
Read what?
Oh, those, those pictures, those screenshots of tweets.
Right.
Sure, sure, sure.
Yeah.
And he moves the laptop to a reading distance and reads them.
Uh, the first one says, this seems crazy, but a few of us, I'm sorry, these are tweets.
They're screenshots of tweets from the CSU biology department says, uh, this seems crazy.
Real quick, kudos to Zach for apparently learning Photoshop or maybe GIMP and putting these
together.
Maybe you had Justin do it.
This is a lot of, uh, this is a lot of work as well.
GIMPs transfer, um, pneumatic image processing.
Uh, I don't remember.
It's, it's a free, it's a free alternative to Photoshop.
That's fairly popular.
Doesn't pneumatic start with a P?
Wouldn't it be PIMP?
It's new.
It's GNU.
It's some fucking freeware shit.
I don't know, man.
But it is GNU.
What do the tweets say?
The first one says, this seems crazy, but a few of us who are not infected have quarantined
ourselves in the lab.
Please call 911.
Our calls are not going through and they didn't finish writing the word through.
Uh, the second one says in all caps, call 911, call 911.
Emergency CSU campus is infected with some sort of virus.
Please help us.
We are trapped in the lab at CSU.
Please call 911.
And the third and last tweet says, we're still quarantined in the lab.
If you are the person or entity scrubbing this page, please have a heart.
We are running low on supplies.
If you pay attention, the last tweet was sent out this afternoon.
Oh yeah.
So the first, the first tweet is dated December 3rd.
The second tweet is dated December 4th and the third tweet is dated December 6th.
So we should stay away from the lab, right?
This ain't really dramatic.
Well, I was, I was talking to Donovan.
He knows where the lab is.
It's in, it's in glass hall.
Not the one at Missouri state university, but the one at city state university.
Exactly.
Uh, apparently Marvin has something to do with it.
Well, finance it.
But anyway, I was thinking, I think we got to go help.
See what's going on there.
Yeah.
I think we should, uh, we should investigate the lab.
I mean, if they're survivors.
Yeah.
Well that's what I'm thinking.
They probably have, I mean, Donovan's a survivor and he's not, hasn't tried to hurt us yet.
So I think we might as well try to go help some other people.
Everybody roll alertness for me.
Donovan.
You probably have pretty low alertness.
I pass.
Oh fuck.
Yeah.
I pass a 54 and a 60.
I got a 36 on a 60.
I was a 47 on a 70, 64 on what I assume is not.
So as the beautiful rendition of Santa baby by Tyler, the creator finishes, can you give
us just a little, uh, don't Justin will work on it.
We'll drop it later.
Well, actually, you know what?
Uh, we'll just message Tyler and see if he'll just, we're like, Hey Justin, we just mentioned
that in the art podcast world and Justin, sorry.
He's like, why are you calling me Justin in our world?
You're just in the grid.
You know, my secret name, I must do what you say.
I found out his last name isn't the creator.
That's wild.
It is wild.
No, they can't just, you can't just lie like that.
Apparently he does.
No, it's not bad boy.
Legal.
Yeah.
Well he would have had to change his name.
The room goes completely silent as the song ends and looking over, the only thing you
hear is the tapping feet of Leon Simpson as he is just fucking grinding and getting it
on the dance floor that no longer exists.
But you also hear the phone in his pocket is buzzing incessantly.
Leon, Leon, your phone, your phone's ringing.
Oh, two, five, one, four, one nine, one, three, nine, two, zero, okay.
Oh yeah.
I got it already.
Don't worry.
Get down.
As he's doing that, I gather Clark and John and I'm like, Hey, Donovan just watches.
I kind of like look at Donovan and I like wave him over.
I'm like, he can come over if he wants.
So you guys were, you guys were just out of it.
Like you, Leon, you were reciting the numbers that was for Robin and uh, no, I was, I was
carrying the laptop and the girl that I was just, you were at, you don't, you try to understand
what I'm doing.
Well, you guys were saying the words for Robin, for Bruce Robin and Leon was reciting those
same numbers and I looked it up and uh, it's for a name, Ben Smith.
And uh, I looked it up and it's, it's that one right there.
And he points to the man who was previously doing squats on Santa's throne and was the
first to chant Tawa Alakol before diving neck first on the four poster chair that the elf
might sit in for picture time.
You guys, we, we've been, you know, chanting and writing numbers that are for Bruce Robin
and Bruce was doing it for Harriet Marks, but Leon's doing it for Ben Smith.
How I'm just trying to wrap my mind around what, what's it mean?
Did Leon do anything with Ben's body?
Did he?
No, I, I shot Ben and then Ben jumped off and killed himself.
Donovan, you were with him last, right?
What was he, was he doing anything?
He just crumpled to the ground.
He started chanting the numbers and writhing like he was in pain.
Just all of a sudden.
Just out of nowhere.
Yeah, out of nowhere.
I saw it.
I thought it was having a seizure at first until he started talking and, and uh, he was
chanting the numbers and, and, and right, like trying to write them down on the ground.
It was, I don't know how these numbers affect us.
That's evident.
I do, but it's not my time to tell you, John, if you know, you gotta, you gotta tell us.
That's basically our whole job here.
Clack.
Clack.
Dear Clack, I don't know right now.
I will know.
Well, that's, that's how information works.
Yes.
All right, Keith, you got any ideas?
I was thinking, I was thinking up until, I was thinking up until this point we were saying
Bruce Robin's numbers because, well, I mean, we didn't kill him, but I mean, basically
we did.
So I was thinking that he might've killed Harriet Marks, but now that doesn't make any
sense cause, cause Leon didn't kill Ben Smith.
Bruce Robin killed himself.
That's right.
That's yeah.
So in our, in our presence, is it when I was doing numbers just now, was I doing Ben Smith?
No, you were doing Bruce Robin still.
So maybe if you're in proximity of somebody who's doing the Talia Lecourt thing, you start
saying the numbers of their death?
Maybe, but I still just don't know what it means.
I'm thinking maybe Bruce Robbins is the one that's infected me and I can't be reinfected
by a new one.
Could be.
You're not, you're not doing numbers.
Donovan was, I was, I woke up, I woke up doing Bruce Robbins, but I mean, I, I haven't done
it recently.
I just haven't, both times that you guys have done it when I've seen you, you just, it was
like you left for a little bit.
It's like checked out.
It's like you've passed some kind of test that we've failed.
Seemingly.
I don't know.
And I look, I look down and I look down at Leon and yell, Leon, what are you doing?
He's fucking getting it.
That's the electric slide.
Does he not pay attention to, to the left, to the left, to the left, to the left, to
the right.
John and I, when we, when we do this, how do you snap us out of it?
I tried.
Well, Zach just yells and we come in the room.
All three of you guys just kind of like at the same time, just like, it was almost like
you were just not in reality and I slapped Leon and nothing happened.
I came up and I slapped you to try to get you out of it and nothing.
You just kept on and both times it's happened that I've seen, I just wait for you to snap
back into it.
My face hurts.
Please stop slapping us.
Well, that's odd cause I only slapped Clark.
I feel the pain of all crashes.
I think Leon might be a lost cause at this point.
I think we need to get over to that lab.
I don't know if we should bring Leon with us or the agony.
Clark is going to walk over to Leon and try and shake him.
I'm not going to hit him, but I'm going to like shake him by the shoulders.
Roll luck.
I pass a 48.
I've been rolling 48 and 47s on different dice all night.
How much luck do you have?
65.
Damn.
Joe regained some health.
Luck.
Joe regained some luck.
John looks up from the CSU campus beyond the ether and he winks at Joe.
Like Joe?
Holy shit.
Wow.
And in that exact moment, Ooh, that was creepy.
It must have worked cause Joe got chills.
Joe chill.
Wholesome joker.
You killed Batman's parents.
John looks at you and says, who's Joe?
And Clark shakes Leon who does not stop dancing, however, his buzzing cell phone falls out
of his trousers.
Hey, does he have angry birds on there?
It falls to the ground and you see that a number that is unknown is calling and then
the call ends and it has 25 missed calls from unknown and a few texts as well.
I want to read them texts straight away.
And it seems like it's only a matter of time before unknown calls again.
Also this, uh, this phone pretty bright for the room.
Nice.
What do you mean?
Pretty bright for the room.
It just like has a nice glow to it because it's dance party time at the jingle ball.
The lights are dimmed.
Pretty bright compared to the room.
Yes.
Okay.
Gotcha.
I just sent you guys a screenshot of the text message conversation that was on this phone.
You did and bold of you to assume that my phone would not be dead.
So unknown texts Leon and says, how's it going?
And Leon replies, the secretary is stubborn looking for another opinion.
Option.
It sounded just like Leon.
Hey, maybe don't save it as a JPEG next time.
You are doing such a good job of reading.
I'm proud of you.
Fucking got him.
I don't know what a JPEG has been recognized as ours though was.
Oh, I think you, you would pronounce it, uh, it's a, it's a, hold on, how's it going?
The secretary is stubborn looking for another option.
I don't want excuses.
Pick up.
Okay.
Oh, sorry.
That is not as clear as I thought it would not clear at all.
Yeah.
So the first message is from unknown and it says, how's it going?
And then Leon replies, the secretary is stubborn looking for another option.
And then the rest of the messages go unanswered from unknown.
They say, I don't want excuses.
Pick up.
Okay.
I sent them T O it's capitalized to, we'll be ready for extraction.
Don't forget to get the signatures ETA question mark, and then another question mark.
Jesus Christ.
What is going on?
That's also from unknown.
And then three, three question marks.
And then if he doesn't get here in time, this is all over everything we've worked for.
Everything that exists just gone for what your fucking conscience, morality won't save
us.
God.
Clark.
What are you looking at?
Uh, let me read it for you.
Okay, go ahead.
I did realize that, uh, Joe and I think probably Clark would to figure it out why that T O
is capitalized.
That's the overseer.
I believe.
Dang.
Nice.
Okay.
Can you figure out why ETA is capitalized?
It says, okay.
I sent them.
The overseer will be ready for extraction.
Don't forget the signatures.
I don't exactly know what any of it means, but it sounds like they were preparing for
the overseer.
Hey Clark, text him back.
Why?
Which I will, but I don't know what, I don't know.
I mean, I was hoping that I had the suggestion and you would figure out the rest from there.
This person seems to know Leon and knows what's going on.
Do you think I should just say Leon is compromised or Leon's got the numbers in him or just
just see what they say back to the numbers in that is baby grand pianos for a single.
I think just say, uh, say, say this, should you tell him that you're the overseer?
Well yeah, I think he knows, he knows, right?
I just text back, this is the overseer.
Now say, now say bitch.
I mean, I know he knows you are, but I'm saying if you sent, if you send him a text, should
you say it's you or no, no, we, we should pretend to be Leon on this phone unless we
make a total power move by being like this, the overseer, I won't be extracted ready for
my fist.
This last message message says if he doesn't get here in time, this is all over everything
we've worked for.
Anything that exists gone for what your fucking conscience morality won't save us.
So was this some kind of side mission that Leon was having us on?
I thought, I figured it was coming down from Maggie yourself, but Oh, maybe this is probably
Maggie isn't it?
It could be.
Guys, guys, does Maggie suck?
Just text back Maggie question mark.
You think I should?
He'd know that.
Well, he doesn't know anything right now.
I don't know.
But I mean, Leon.
I don't know.
That's what I'm saying.
Leon don't know anything right now.
Look at it.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Text her that those numbers or just any random numbers she might not respond.
I don't know if we could indicate that Leon is compromised.
Why don't we just say that?
Why don't we just say this is a whatever the fuck Justin's character's name is Donovan
West, West and Donna Donovan Westerfuck and I am a student here and West Haven.
I have a student here.
He taught me how to shoot Leon Leon and trusted the mission to me.
But he's gone.
Yeah.
Text that and then let's go to the lab.
Let's just go to the lab.
Fuck Maggie.
If this is Maggie, I would worry that she would clam up that she wouldn't text back
if she knew it wasn't Leon she was talking to you or at least a part of the circle of
knowledge.
I'm just going to take I'm going to say, Hey, it's Clark.
If we think it's her, I'll say, Hey, it's Clark and it will see what happens with the
reply.
If it's like, who's Clark?
Be like, Hey, man.
Say, Hey, it's Clark.
I'm going to I do that.
I reply back.
Hey, it's Clark.
Leon's compromised.
Leon's compromised.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, while we wait for a text back, I think we ought to go to the lab and check that out.
I'm going to try Leon one more time.
Leon, do you want to do you want to come with us or y'all said, Oh, I'm getting it up.
Oh, I'm getting it.
Yeah.
Do you want to dance walk with us?
You can keep dancing.
If you want to follow us, I look at you and I'm like, put a hand on his shoulder and like
try to like push him in front of me and I'm like, let's just lead him that way.
I mean, I don't know if we should leave him.
He'll keep dancing.
Will he go with it?
Sure.
Let's do it.
Where you lead.
I will follow.
Okay.
So John definitely not looking at his phone, but you saw him looking at his phone earlier,
but he just seems to speak out of like pure knowledge affecting thousands of people across
several centuries.
Dancing mania was not an isolated event and was well-documented.
He says it like he's not reading it.
Well-documented in contemporary reports.
It was nevertheless poorly understood and remedies were based on guesswork.
Often musicians accompanied dancers due to belief that music would treat the mania, but
this sometimes backfired.
No fucking chance.
By encouraging more to join in.
There is no consensus among modern day scholars as to the cause of dancing mania.
That's real interesting.
John was facing away from all of you while he said this.
He was kind of saying it at a plant in the hallway.
As soon as he finishes talking, I look at Clark, I don't have a good feeling about any of this.
Something real bad's affected him, but he's not doing anything bad per se.
I just kind of, I just want to go home.
Let's go to that lab and see if there's anybody left here.
Otherwise I'm going to get the fuck off this campus.
Everybody run the alertness.
Well, real quick, damn it.
I fail 89 on a 60.
I fail 94 on a less than that.
I fail a 79 on a 70.
Donovan?
I rolled a six.
Yeah!
For the first time in Donovan's life, he is alert to his surroundings.
Kind of.
I don't know if I bastardized.
Unfortunately, you only had five.
Your bass is 20, I think.
Thomas and Luke to leave the room.
Sayonara suckers.
Help.
Clark, you're holding Leon's phone in your hand and you feel a buzz in your pocket and
Donovan is standing right next to you and he hears the buzz from the phone in your pocket
and you guys make direct eye contact with each other.
You should answer that.
I'm, I'm going to, I'm going to take this, Donovan.
Yeah.
Give me a second.
I'm going to step away.
Okay.
Justin, get the fuck out of here.
Well, you can, I don't, I didn't necessarily mean that.
I kind of meant more from like the group, but.
Just close your ears.
Okay.
You get a text on your burner phone.
Do you remember what you had texted and what was texted back?
I can tell you right now.
If you can tell, I've get some of my notes.
The last two texts sent, you received a text that said the book your parents died for is
still hidden in an undisclosed location.
Then you texted back what book where, and this text says your book, calm, comfy campground.
I want to reply to this one with another, who is this, which I think I've already asked
before, but I'm doing it again.
You then receive a text on Leon's phone that says, fuck.
What did you do?
I replied back, I don't know.
Who is this?
Almost as soon as you send that text, both phones vibrate at the same time and they both
have the exact same response.
There's a single word reply, destiny.
I don't know anybody named destiny.
How am I the only one trying to pull over How can you have enough drowning out of the
