Welcome to the cream zone, my lactose-filled babies.
I'm here to whip you up into a frothy beverage
for all to consume.
It's me, your warm milk-filled uncle Wolf the dog.
And as always, we are fermenting y'all
into some kind of weird sour milk cream
live from 694.2 PTBP.
So far, all of you beautiful, generous folks
have raised $6,372 for the bail project.
Wowza.
Remember, screenshot your donations
and send them to pretendinpod at gmail.com.
And for every $5 donated, you'll receive an entry for a chance
to win one of the first ever PTBP t-shirts.
This week's winner is Marie Lupin.
Congratulations, Marie, and keep on donating, y'all.
We have three more shirts to give away
to you charitable motherfuckers.
The link to donate is in the show notes.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from a very sweet listener
called Chris.
He writes, a buddy of mine recommended PTBP to me
a while back, but I didn't think I would ever
be into an actual play podcast, let alone one
that features a game I've never heard of.
He kept nagging me, though, and I finally
gave in and listened to episode one a couple of months ago,
just so I could get it over with.
Since then, I've binged every episode,
became a patron, convinced two other friends and my brother
not only to start listening to PTBP,
but also to start playing Delta Green.
I've converted my wife as well, and we are now
relistening to old episodes in between new episodes
just to get our fix.
Then contention boys, the gravelly baritone
of the Mighty Wolf, and the manic brilliance of Zack
have been a source of so much joy during what has been
an incredibly hectic couple of months.
I cannot thank you guys enough.
Shout outs to my friends, Ruben, Alex, and Jesse,
my brother Michael, and my wife Maria,
all of whom are loyal listeners.
Lots of love from the Netherlands, Chris.
Wow, Chris, I know you said a bunch of other shit,
but acknowledging my baritone tones,
the gravel in my gullet, that's enough
to bring tears to my eyes, baby.
Maybe I'll take a little interdimensional trip
to the Netherlands you speak of.
Pay you and yours a little visit, you'll never see me,
but I'll definitely see and smell y'all.
Have you ever thought to yourself, wow,
I like this pretending to be people show very much.
I wonder if there's something easy I could do to help him.
The answer is very fucking much a yes.
Write a five star review on Apple Podcasts,
follow our social media pages for cute pics,
support the show on Patreon,
and instantly access bonus episodes.
The links are in the show notes.
The links are in the show notes.
The links are in the show notes.
Is there an echo in here, or is it just the news?
News, news, news, news, news.
Last time, our valiant heroes forced Terrence Liquor
into the home of Randy Angst,
where the old man was on the ground
in desperate need of medical attention.
Seeing they were about to get boxed in
on this residential street by a truck
with a hot tub instead of a truck bed,
as well as a Chevy Impala with a doorless refrigerator
on its side strapped to the roof.
They stole T Liquor's truck and hoofed it back
to the hidden Mitsubishi Eclipse to grab Drew Carey
without first losing their tail.
Clark grabbed Drew's body and tossed him
into the stolen truck's waterbed
as the refrigerator Impala and hot tub truck
pulled up to the scene.
There wasn't much of a standoff though,
due to hot tub truck immediately losing
its three team members to a massive wave of ooze.
The refrigerator Impala, owned and operated
by Asher and Avery Little, nope the fuck outta there,
leaving our waterbed truck crew
as this oozy upsurges only a remaining target.
John Lee Pettymore the 3rd,
perhaps still wet from his time in the bed of his truck,
critically failed a drive check,
taking us now to the aftermath.
It's a brand new track that rocks,
like sedimentary, metamorphic, and igneous,
and rolls like a stolen truck
into a sign for a local tire shop.
It's kudzu with no backbone.
And now.
If a little rat dick left his seed in you,
wouldn't you fucking demand every goddamn cent
he had for that child? Welcome to Pretending to Be People.
That was the perfect introduction to episode.
No, I don't want to make an enemy of David Spade.
Welcome to Pretending to Be People.
That was a really good introduction to episode 82.
It works if you just blink out,
if you beep out the name of the celebrity.
Only the first time though.
She was discovered by radio superstar Howard Stern.
Her mother sent Stern pictures
and a letter about her daughter.
Stern had her in and sent her pictures to Playboy
and she was accepted.
Oh, that's an American like, thanks mom, dream.
I believe in you, honey.
Here, send your nude pictures to Howard Stern.
Her mom got to tell her
as soon as she got off the school bus.
Yeah.
Would you rather have to have sex
with a Howard Stern or David Spade?
Oh my God.
What a terrible, would you rather?
I guess both.
I'd probably go with David Spade.
I don't know enough about either of them.
So the romance wouldn't be there.
Either way.
Now I'm looking up ugly David Spade
and ugly Howard Stern
to see who has a worst picture on the internet.
Probably David Spade.
You can go to at pretending pod
to get a side by side of those on Instagram
or on Twitter.
We'll be tagging David Spade's family members.
He's cute when he's younger.
Yeah, if we're talking like Tommy boy years,
then it's David Spade all day.
But if we're talking about old, both of them,
then I think I have to go for Stern.
Stern's not bad looking.
Well, it would just be a freaky
kind of like Bourdain-ish experience.
We could probably get more viewers
if we were on Stern's show
than anything David Spade did.
Well, that's not happening after this.
After what?
After we said we want to fuck him?
Sounds to me like we're playing all our cards right.
I don't know anything about him,
but I think that's kind of his whole show, right?
Howard Stern kind of looks like if I was a dinosaur.
Like a raptor.
He's got the same hair.
You should grow yours out long like his.
Have it go down your back.
I mean, I don't plan on getting it cut anytime soon.
It's getting long, baby.
So last time John was driving the truck,
Crit failed to avoid the crane
and flipped it, freeze frame.
The truck is turned sideways,
hits a little rock or something.
Tires are bald as fuck and begins turning over.
In this moment, I have you guys all roll for constitution.
John critically succeeds.
Keith passes.
Clark critically succeeds.
As the truck is flying over, everyone is fine.
Seemingly, except for Keith lands on top of Jimmy Sanders.
Gonna roll for him right now.
Rolled to 98.
He's not doing great.
He's gonna lose four hit points and stays conscious
as Keith lands on top of him.
Critically succeeding his constitution check
to stay conscious because he's low on hit points
leading up to this point.
And Clark literally crits with a 69.
So as the truck rolls, the water's flying out behind him
as he just keeps his legs moving and keeps running
and the truck just avoids
and the truck moves, rolls, rolls, rolls
and explodes into a sign for owls, tires and tigers.
Oh yeah.
The issue being Drew's body with Kerry pages inside
lays motionless in an extremely shallow puddle
of stinky, stinky water.
And Gary Bailey from hanging halfway up out of a sewage drain
What are those called?
Just the like long thin ones
that the Kleinfella comes out of?
Sorry, storm drain?
Yes.
So what's a culvert?
Okay, can you actually not mention it?
Cause I was gonna make a dope it joke.
Okay, but I'm leaving that in for sure.
Cause that's funny.
So a storm drain, like a cauldron.
Is a cauldron like a witch?
I said culvert, which I think is an open drain.
Or maybe a culvert, right?
Is a big round one maybe
that comes out of like the side of a hill.
Joe's right.
Yeah, so we're all right.
And so it's a storm train on the side of the road
and Gary Daley is like half out of it.
Hands, elbows on the concrete and he's hollering at you.
Officer Bishop, Officer Vigna.
Oh, Keith, you need to get down here.
What are y'all doing?
And looking behind you, you see this ooze,
this massive grouping of ooze.
You've never seen this much all in one place before.
It is coming toward you slowly.
The back end of it coming up over the top
like waves breaking.
And as I'm doing this with my arms,
you can see my pit stains.
They are deep, wide.
Like the Lord's love.
And it is just flowing, flowing toward you.
And we are in combat order.
Clark Bishop, what do you do?
I want to try and run.
Am I near Drew's body?
If I'm still standing and running,
I would keep running toward it if I am.
Yeah, absolutely.
I want to run toward it and grab it and pick it up
and carry it with me toward Gary.
Okay, done.
You're definitely strong enough to pick up
a little Drew Andrews.
He's, you know, I believe he's got a fair amount of pudge,
but you can definitely throw him up over.
How are you carrying him as you're in?
Remember, as you pick him up,
you're picking up a wet Drew Andrews who's unconscious,
but you know it's not Drew inside.
Sure.
I just want to, if he's laying on the ground,
I want to grab his arms and like drape them over my back.
So his whole body's on my shoulders,
behind my neck on my shoulders.
So I think, is that a fireman's carry?
I think that's a fireman's carry.
I'm doing that.
And not only are you saving him from the fires
of wherever he might, no, there's no.
Hell.
You don't need a fire to have a fireman's carry.
Oh shit, Thomas, thank you so much.
I think legally you do.
I think that this might be an illegal maneuver
performing here.
Well, it's yeah, and it's not like a big thing.
It's just like a, you can't call it champagne thing.
Right, right.
Unjust laws should not be laws.
Keith Vigno, what are you doing?
Well, now hold on, hold on, hold on.
That protects the valor, like the growers
of the champagne region.
Yeah.
No, it's unjust, it's bullshit.
I don't think so.
Shouldn't exist.
I'm with the farmers.
I stand with the farmers of Champagne, France.
I don't think we've looked into it at all.
They're probably like huge landowners
who don't give a fuck.
Yeah, actually fuck them, you're right.
Yeah, fuck champagne.
Also, it makes my tummy hurt.
Keith Vigno, what are you doing?
Keith is kind of disoriented,
but just is running away from the explosion of the truck.
Well, you landed directly on Jimmy Sanders.
Oh, yeah.
Landed directly on him, and he's like,
number four, just get on top of me with the,
yeah, it's not even.
I stand up and I look at him,
and since I know he's conscious or whatever,
I kind of help him up,
and then I start running towards Gary.
Okay, so as you reach for his hand,
he's only looking past you and behind you
at the ooze that is chasing you.
So you can't run if you want to help him up.
You can only help him up.
Okay, I help him up then.
Oh, well that's very kind of you.
Can all three of us see the ooze currently?
Currently.
Okay.
If Keith is helping Jimmy up
and trying to get him to Gary,
I would like to do the same thing
and aid him and help that be quicker.
Oh, absolutely, then it is done,
and Tyler is immediately just following Clark Bishop.
Tyler is right on the heels of Clark Bishop,
and you are all running toward Gary Daley,
who has popped his head up out of this storm drain
with a beautiful bright yellow shirt
underneath a denim jacket,
which you can only see him from right above the nips up,
because he's hanging up out of here.
I put my arms out in front of the other two,
and I'm like, hold on, fellas,
we ain't got no way of knowing he ain't an it.
An it, an it, an it, it, from the movie It.
Oh, yeah.
Well, he doesn't look like a clown to me.
Are you Gary Daley, or are you an it?
Hurry up and get on down here.
We got me and Gary, and we got some others,
but we're hiding, and we need to save you.
Obviously, Keith, I mean,
Keith needs to get down here, especially.
Why me?
Everybody wants Keith.
Oh, well, yeah, because he, yeah, they're after you.
Gary, tell us something only Gary would know.
I did a magic spell on you to give you luck.
Come on, hurry up.
Yeah, good, that's what I was looking for, all right.
I run towards it, and I kind of like.
Wait, Keith, even if it is Gary,
we don't know what his intentions are anymore.
We've been gone for a while.
It sounds like everybody in town's with this daddy guy.
As he's saying that, I'm slide tackling
like you would on a soccer field down into the storm train.
Oh, hell yeah, do your shorts like balloon up out,
like give you some drag to slow you down
so you can slip in easy?
Yep.
So you can slip in easy.
And as soon as I'm in, I process what Clark just said,
and I look at Gary, I'm like, ugh.
No, it's cool, we're hiding from the FCFC,
they're scary fuckers.
That cane he's just taking over town,
we gotta hide down here, otherwise they'll find us.
And then immediately is like, oh shit,
and closes his eyes with his hand.
Gary, could you see it?
Well, I didn't wanna see it,
because then it'll come.
It comes to those who have seen it?
If you're looking at it, hold on,
get the fuck down here, get on down.
I'm helping Drew down there, I'm getting down in there,
and when I get down in there, I'm picking Drew back up,
getting him just back on my shoulder so that we're mobile.
And Tyler does that adorable thing that dogs do
when they crawl, because it's so cute.
Their paws just kind of move,
and then just jumps down into it.
And once you guys are all down there,
you got Jimmy Sanders down there as well,
and he's just not paying attention to anything.
He immediately just starts stepping into the sewage water.
Basically, I'm seeing it as this tunnel that you're now in.
You gotta walk away on the right,
you gotta walk away on the far left,
you've got a sewage waterway moving slowly
in between the two pathways,
and then we've got an arched tunnel roof made out of stone
that leads off into the darkness ahead,
and you can't see where it leads to.
And Gary looks at John Lee Pettymore the third,
and he's like, you, you're, hi Gary,
this is actually John Lee Pettymore the fourth
in the body of my daddy.
Obviously, that's a lot to take in and a lot to believe,
but I feel like you're seeing the goo monster out there,
and you know what's going on,
so you can probably just move past this, right?
And accept that it's happening.
I don't like that at all,
and I especially don't like that you've, you're dripping.
You know you're dripping, right?
Well, I was in, yeah, dripping water.
No siree.
Your nose, your eyes, your ears, your mouth.
You got the goo coming out of you,
but it doesn't seem to be,
it's like small enough to not be at,
and he like, he wants to poke at it,
but he's not quite poking at it,
and he's like, honestly, if I could just not look at you,
that would be for the best for me personally,
because I am, and he's rubbing his fingers
against his other fingers,
and he starts looking at his hands,
and he's like, yep.
All right, you're dripping.
Yep, just a little bit, just enough.
Yeah, does that allow you to see the goo?
Yep.
Oh, interesting.
I was gonna clarify,
when he was talking about the dripping,
we didn't see it, right?
No, am I the only one you see it coming out of?
And he looks at the rest of you,
and he really avoids eye contact
with John Lee Pettymore III from here on out,
and he's like, okay, so,
and he kind of puts his hand up over your face,
and he's like, okay, so you are the missing
John Lee Pettymore III, who inside of you
is our John Lee Pettymore, who's been around,
and do I have all that right?
I nod at him and confirm.
More or less, yes.
Yeah, Gary, he's telling the truth.
But, Clark Bishop, you're not like
your parents aren't inside of you?
Nope, I'm 100% Clark right now.
No, but he does have his own fun thing
with vis-a-vis an older, you know,
I'm not gonna spoil it, but it's kooky.
What's his reaction to that?
I have a human of 30.
Can I see if I catch anything in his face?
Yeah, go ahead and roll.
I rolled a six.
Oh, shit, yeah.
No, giving him that much information
about old Clark Bishop, you don't notice anything.
Okay.
Gary, I'm still me, I'm still Keith.
And Drew is actually Kerry Pages.
Oh, yeah, when you were asking about that.
Fuck, yeah, we forgot to mention that.
I'm sorry, what?
John Three's actually John Four.
Me and Clark are who we are,
and Drew is Kerry inside of Drew's body.
Yep, he's got it right.
And I don't mean to be rude,
and he starts petting Tyler,
and he's like, who are you, my little fella?
This is Kerry Pages' dog, Tyler.
And Tyler is being very attentive
to the body of Drew Andrews,
which is still being held by Clark Bishop.
Yeah, see how it's focused on Drew there?
I think it's because it's,
well, Drew has the soul, or the mind, or presence,
however you want to define it,
of Councilwoman Kerry Pages,
because of the church. Or the baguette.
You know, it might be the baguette that he's got,
because, you know, it's a long, long baguette,
but you gotta cut it in thirds
in order to make an eight-inch sandwich,
which is what you're gonna wanna get.
Yeah, and Jimmy's just, he's not right right now, so.
But he is Jimmy.
What's going on with the pastor and everything in town?
We've just got back to town,
already seen some weird shit
that I can't make complete sense of yet.
What are you doing down here, even?
Gary Daley flips a Zippo,
and you see his very brightly colored yellow button down.
He's got a denim jacket over the top of it,
and he's like,
I have been hoping that you guys would come back
ever since yesterday.
What happened yesterday?
Everything went to shit.
We're down here hiding because that crazy lunatic
put up a wall of water and fish around the church,
and has taken to calling himself Daddy,
and he has held them all convinced
that he can go back in time
as long as he can get Keith Vick.
You guys are looking at me like you already know all this.
Well, we've seen the wall.
Yeah, we've heard all that.
I mean, as soon as that went up,
he got a lot of followers,
and he's been interpreting people's dreams,
and they've just been following him
to the end of the earth, basically,
and they'll do whatever he wants.
Do you know exactly what he wants with me?
I just know that he thinks that he needs you
to go back in time somehow.
Okay.
Well, I'm not really trying to help him out.
Are you guys on the internet?
Just a crazy question,
but you don't strike me as people
who have a lot of points in computer science.
Heh heh heh.
Uh, weird way to put it,
but I would say I took a class in high school.
I have email.
I have email.
I've got a Facebook.
I've got a telephone at the house.
I could maybe call somebody.
So I found a website, a blog post from Harold Dorsey
that got wiped off the internet.
Nobody could've found it
if you just would've Googled around.
It got wiped.
Somebody took it off, but...
What'd it say?
See for yourself.
And Gary Daley holds up a phone.
He's got a screenshot of this blog.
So you can go to what'sbehinddorsey.blogspot.com.
Okay.
Holy shit.
Okay, woo.
So for the listeners out there,
you can go to what'sbehinddorsey.blogspot.com.
Dorsey is D-O-R-S-E-Y,
and Harold is and always was H-A-R-R-E-L-L.
People were talking like it was Harold.
It was never Harold.
Yeah, cause that's a name
that people are familiar with.
Yeah.
Zach says it was set up in May, 2017.
Did you really register a blogger account
three years ago for this campaign?
Yeah.
That's dope.
Wow.
Did you just know you wanted to do something like this
or did you actually set one up for Harold Dorsey?
It was for Harold Dorsey.
That's dope.
This is dope as fuck.
Okay, so for those of you who are driving
or doing the dishes
or you're wearing AirPods and you're pooping
and your phone is in the other room,
if you go to what'sbehinddorsey.blogspot.com,
you'll find a blog that is entitled
What's Behind Dorsey?
A True Story in a False City.
And there is a single blog posted on Monday, December 3rd,
and it is entitled Operation San Ferra Blum
and a Rogue Police Chief in Contention.
Followers of my story know I am not afraid
of rocking the boat.
I was fired from the city star
for threatening to self-publish my expose
on the glass crime family
after a blasphemous night of depravity
undercover at the glass compound's robot-inclusive
fight club called the Scrap Pit.
Lots of people know about the Scrap Pit.
The real party, for those in the know,
is even more indescribably profane,
a room filled with city officials, judges, politicians,
celebrities lovingly referred to by its patrons
as the Den of Sin.
The Den of Sin offers more than just bloodsport.
It is torture.
Malnourished preteens are trapped in a hanging cage,
forced to fight to the death
as the ceiling lowers to meet the floor slowly but steadily.
In one such match, I witness the two gaunt children
hold hands in solidarity with each other,
accepting their demise.
The offended roar of the booing crowd
was quickly replaced with lustful cheers
as the hanging cage performed its singular trick
like a French press or a citrus juicer.
The Den of Sin earned its name
as the congregation of monsters flocked
to the metallic smelling dark red waterfall.
Well, I've somehow survived that mess.
A target on my back, sure, but that's just business.
However, I feel curiously out of my depth on this new case.
Most of us don't think about the small town of contention
about an hour west of here,
but it is recently proven we should pay attention.
By now, you may have heard about some of the disappearances
and the animal-filled creeks,
but what you may not know
is the chief of police recently contacted me, quote,
to open up the eyes and minds of those who live in the city.
She asked if I knew anything about the circle of knowledge,
Operation Sanfera Blum,
or the flowers that make their home
all over our downtown here in the city.
She asked if I knew anything about BarCorp,
its subsidiaries, or the Shell Corporation,
which owns the company, which owns the company,
which owns the company, which owns BarCorp.
She asked if I knew anything about the mill
on the other side of the city,
and she asked if I knew her father, Jim Cook.
So I began digging,
and I began following Jim Cook around the city.
That man can spot a tail,
but he couldn't spot whoever it was
that caught him in an alley two nights ago.
I'm worried I am next.
I'm even more worried that Maggie Cook
is now too spooked to speak on the record.
Chief Maggie Cook was passionate,
irate, and eager,
and then nothing.
We were supposed to meet in person last night,
December 2nd, no word.
I received a message this morning
changing the time and location of our meeting.
If I don't update the blog by tonight,
please begin the search by questioning
Contention Chief of Police, Maggie Cook.
So you guys' eyes look back up,
and Gary Daley's just like,
what the fuck does that mean?
I read this, and I was like, what?
Which part confuses you more,
the Denison stuff or the Maggie stuff?
Well, I assume that the city gets up to some weird stuff,
but here in Contention,
to have her connected to all those things
that it was talking about in here, I don't know.
No, we can pretty much tell you that,
yeah, that's all basically true.
What Maggie's involved in,
it goes way farther than Contention itself.
Guys, what is, like with the flowers
and all that in his blog post,
one of those myriad creatures was hollering at us
about that Samfaro Blom, I don't...
Keith, you pretended to know what it was,
and we didn't know what it was.
Clark, you've kind of been in touch with Maggie,
haven't you?
Yeah, yeah.
Has she said anything about her dad, or?
I mean, she showed me around her dad's house.
I was holding his book when she found me.
She asked why I was searching through her daddy's book.
I remember that.
She hasn't said much about Jim himself,
but just the stuff that we found
putting dots together in the carkled hole.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
It's just odd that he was following Jim around
and that Maggie said to open up the eyes of the city.
It just...
You know this bit here about Jim dying in an alley
two nights before?
Yeah.
We just found out, I believe it was his birthday,
December 1st, and every birthday,
he goes to that pie hole in the city.
So there's a chance we could figure out
if there's footage in the alley back there,
we might be able to see who got him.
That's true.
It's a great lead.
Well, I mean, what can we do?
Can we do anything with this information right now?
So it lines up with everything we've been kind of thinking, right?
That Jim Cook, he mentioned in that note
that he knew he had a tail.
It was a round face man with glasses or something like that,
which we all kind of at the time thought it was Harold.
So we figured that out.
Maggie was turning on Jim.
Maggie was spilling secrets to Harold about Jim.
That's what we've gathered from this.
Yeah.
Oh, and it said that she changed the time and location of their meeting.
They must have changed it to her house.
She changed it to her house from somewhere else, correct?
That's where you found Harold, right?
Harold was at Maggie's house.
And I couldn't save him.
He got a text that sent him to Maggie's house
instead of some other meeting place that they were going to meet.
I don't know what to do with that information,
but that's what I'm gathering here now.
Well, I mean, before we got down here,
we were kind of on our way to Maggie's house.
Yeah, we kind of were.
Yeah, Maggie's house is right on Bean's pond.
Do you think you could get us to the pond through these tunnels?
Well, yeah.
I can get you anywhere you want, basically.
Contingent is a mining town.
And they basically, when the mine shored up,
they took all the old tunnels
that they were using to get around,
and they bricked them all up
and made a very, very modern sewage system.
And so we can get pretty much anywhere we want around here
through them tunnels about there.
Well, we've been trying to get to the pond for a little while.
Like Ninja Turtles.
I'm Raphael, obviously.
Of course, of course.
You're whichever turtle you need to be.
So you're walking south through this tunnel for about five minutes
before you make it to an underground chamber
where Gary Daley and Harry Klinker have set up a makeshift campsite.
This room is square and roughly 30 yards across,
with four concrete columns placed evenly about 10 yards from each other.
The ground is mostly dry,
though there are puddles scattered about
where the concrete floor has eroded away a bit.
There are two tents on opposite ends of the room
and a luminous camping lantern lighting your view
from the very, very center of the room.
There is slight commotion by the far tent as you enter this space.
Mildred Mitchell, upon seeing your group,
is fleeing into the portable canvas shelter and zipping up the flap.
As a woman you do not recognize questions her from outside the outdoor domicile.
And you would remember Mildred Mitchell is the grandma of Toby B. Mitchell
who lived across from John Peters,
who I believe called in to say that John Peters' door was swinging open
and his mail was piling up in the first episode.
And just to remind listeners,
what is the significance of all that,
and could you tie any loose ends together there?
So you see her hop into this tent and a woman you don't recognize
is on the outside kind of questioning her,
but closer to you you see a man sitting up against one of the concrete columns reading a book.
And you recognize him as Casey Kristoff, the janitor of the First Church of Contention.
He has a pencil-thin mustache and a mullet.
His beer gut is spilling out of his Van Halen t-shirt
and over his cutoff shorts,
which has been his outfit of choice for the past 30 years.
Thanks to B. Weldon from Salt Lake City for Casey Kristoff.
You too can create an NPC in location that might get used in the show
if you support us on Patreon at the $10 level of the contention citizens or higher.
And then you see Harry Klinker sitting outside the nearest tent.
And as soon as you guys walk in there he stands up.
He's clearly relieved.
He's all over his face when he sees Gary in there with you guys.
And you all enter into this underground temporary home.
You should disconnect and reconnect.
I didn't want to stop your flow, but you're a super robot.
Like right as you started that you went super robot.
I will give it a go.
Okay, so how many tents are there?
Just one?
I think just one that she ran into.
Am I still a robot?
You're back!
Keep talking.
Am I still a robot with my mouth in my words?
Because when I talk I don't lightly swerve.
I swerve hard to the right.
Then I keep that shit up.
And I go in circles till I throw up.
Nice.
You ran up with up, but yeah.
Okay, so two tents.
One across the room from you where Mildred Mitchell hopped into.
And there was a woman standing outside.
And the other tent where Harry Klinker is sitting outside of.
He stood up to greet you as you walked in.
Hey boys, oh my god.
It's been a crazy couple days, no see.
It's good to see you.
Sorry, the other guy's name was Kristoff what?
Casey Kristoff.
Casey Kristoff, okay, sorry.
Oh my god, yes Harry.
I found them.
They were just, they were out there.
They'd wrecked and I mean it was coming for them.
Goo was coming for them, you know.
And thankfully they're here and we're fine.
I showed them the Dorsey block spot.
And yeah, we're just, oh boy.
So is this your guys' like home base down here or?
Yeah, we've been trying to hide from that old Pastor Adam Kane.
Really, really is not being very good to the people, you know.
Yeah, how many people do you think he's got on his side up there?
God, I don't know.
Maybe, maybe a hundred.
And what about you guys down here?
Is this all of us?
And Harry and Gary kind of look back at the three individuals down here,
one of which is hiding in a tent.
Yeah, this is, this is us.
I mean for now, we did have, we have a code outside of clinkers, you know.
If people can read it, it says tunnels and they can get down here.
What sort of code?
Well, it's a pretty fun code.
I just mean how do you keep bad folks from reading it?
They both look at each other and furrow their brows with like a panicked look.
So I, I recognize most of you down here.
Who, who's that?
And I kind of tilt my head at the lady I don't recognize.
Oh, that's Clara.
She's from the city.
How, how'd she get hooked up in this mess?
No, I mean you can ask her yourself, but she had some friends in contention.
She was hanging out with when all this started and she kind of got stuck here.
Where her, where her friends at?
Unfortunately, they, they got lost to, you know, Kane's movement.
Clara, Clara.
This attractive woman in her mid-40s looks over at you guys and she's got large tortoiseshell glasses
and as she walks up, you see that she has blood red lipstick and even though it's freezing cold
outside, she is wearing a sleeveless shirt and you see a full sleeve tattoo.
And the tattoo is of a robed figure holding a ball of light.
Clara Blankenship was created by Annie Beat, another citizen of contention over on the Patreon.
Super cool.
Annie, you are okay.
When I see her tattoo, I kind of look at the other two officers and
like kind of wide-eyed.
I, I wide-eyed back.
Guys, it's the cover of Led Zeppelin IV.
Doesn't that have a guy with sticks on it?
Did you guys just call me over here for-
Uh, yeah.
Hold on, I'm googling that.
What's, what's your deal, Clara?
That's a real interesting tattoo you got there.
Is that from any kind of Zeppelin album?
You know that Stairway to Heaven poster with the guy on the road with the light?
No, this is, this is based off a dream I had a few years ago.
About Zeppelin?
You guys have been having these crazy dreams, right?
I mean, I've been talking to everyone about him and we all seem to be having these absurd
dreams.
See, back then, this dream, it was just this, this robed figure with this ball of light
and he was walking just a long path and he was carrying this ball of light.
But recently, I've been having this dream where he's pulling the ball of light out of
a television?
It's, it's so weird because before, it was as if there was, you know, it was like all
dirt and stuff, so I didn't really expect technology to be a part of these dreams, but
you know, some people are having dreams that are in the modern world, some in the future
even, and you know, it's, it's just, have you, what are the dreams you, I assume you
guys have been having dreams.
How long have you been in contingent?
Just like out of that, that book, isn't it?
The book?
Which book?
I study a lot of occult books.
Is there a specific book you're talking about?
Looking at the two officers.
It's, it's similar for sure.
The, the, the thing we saw though, had the light emitting from a mouth.
It wasn't being held like an orb.
It's odd, but you've been having dreams about this.
I mean, everybody has weird dreams.
Harry over there told us you were in town visiting some friends.
Who were you visiting?
The Dudley's?
Just some friends of mine.
They were, unfortunately, they were persuaded.
They, see, they, they lost their cat to all this mess and unfortunately when, when they
were promised an option to, I don't know if you've heard, the pastor is saying he
can turn back time if you follow him.
So, you know, they, they really want their cat back.
They think that's the only way to...
Their cat's probably just in the river there with all the other cats and dogs.
Have we encountered the Dudley's before or is this new?
Uh, you would know, there's just some...
But we haven't like ran into them.
Not in the podcast, no.
They're just contention citizens.
Did you tell them to check the river?
That's where a lot of them are ending up.
Well, see, the issue is, is that yesterday the, the rivers were all emptied.
Uh, both the creek, the pond, everything was emptied by the collectors.
So they took all the animals back to the FCFC, which is what they're calling this bullshit
now.
Did they get their cat back then?
I don't know.
I haven't seen him since.
I'm not going behind that fish wall.
Are you kidding me?
Have you seen that shit?
I've got to let Murphy in real quick.
He's got to go behind the fish wall to get Murphy.
Gary and Harry, I mean, we were, uh, about to go investigate the pond.
Uh, I think there might be something at the bottom of it, but Claire, you said that all
the water got drained out of it.
Is that right?
Yeah.
I don't know how they did it.
I also don't know how there's a floating, like, wall of water surrounding the entire
campus of the church.
Well, I'm sure there's a solid explanation for it, and that's kind of what we're trying
to get to the bottom of.
I'm the head archivist and director of the City County Historical Commission, and I've
worked there for about 18 years, and I don't know if you've studied much history, but I
certainly, sorry, this kind of sounds like I'm being a dick.
I'm really trying not to be, but historically speaking, I don't remember this ever happening.
Yeah, but I mean, like, they do this kind of stuff all the time in Vegas.
Oh.
Bellagio.
It's a Bellagio sort of situation, I'd imagine.
Does the water normally stay up the whole time?
With lights and mirrors, yeah.
Magnets.
Wow.
I guess I need to go to Las Vegas then.
It's not all it's cracked up to be.
Hey, Zach, when you were describing Casey, and you said he was a janitor of the church,
do we know that in character?
Yeah, you would know that he's the janitor, yeah.
He's been the janitor for years.
I'd like to go over, talk to him too, if you want.
Okay, roll a humant for me right off the bat.
Can I help?
Are you all going over?
Yeah, I'm gonna go with him.
We'll bring Clara and Harry and Gary.
I mean, you don't have to disengage with Clara, I was just saying.
We'll call him over to us, I guess.
Uh, I failed.
A 92 on a 30.
37 on a 80.
Yeah, they'll do it.
He's not reading right now.
He's listening in, and he was very intrigued when this group of people walked in.
Also, Clark, what did you do with the body of Drew Carey?
I'm probably still holding it.
He's still over the top?
Okay, so Tyler's back paws are just like, his front paws are on your back,
and he's just like sniffing at Drew Carey this whole time,
and Jimmy Sanders is just like wandering kind of in circles around the room mumbling to himself.
I want to set Drew up against a pillar, and I don't know if it's a roll or not,
but try and see if I can revive.
Yeah, go ahead and roll first aid.
I pass.
A four on a 30.
Oh, yeah, I've got some smelling salts actually here for you there, Clark.
That's exactly what I could use, thank you.
Yeah, I was gonna ask, but I thought that that would be odd.
Yeah, just a passed roll.
You know, opens up all sorts of doors.
Carey, you with us?
You with us?
Yeah, hey.
And then just staring up at you and staring all around this room, Drew Carey is confused.
Carey, we died in the car crash and we're in hell.
We dragged you down here with us, and we turned Tyler into a hell dog,
and it's gonna nibble at your feet for all of eternity.
Tyler's just like licking Drew Carey's, you know, face and feet back and forth.
There's more where that came from.
Oh, hey there, Tyler.
Oh my God, it's so good.
And Drew starts crying, and it's just like, thank you.
Oh my God, thank you so much for keeping him safe.
I lead the dog off.
If you don't mind, I'd just like to talk to my dog, please.
Thank you very much.
You can talk to Tyler after you answer some of our questions.
Boys, can you help me out here?
Tyler, shut up.
Tyler!
If you're listening, write in an NPC with like special powers and they can help us.
This is Bubba Jenkins and he knows everything.
You can ask him anything and he knows the answer.
Clara Blankenship, this NPC from Annie B was the first NPC sent in.
And I believe in the description, it did say that she owns all of Silas Cole's journals.
Okay, so she was trying to help us.
She literally did exactly that.
That's great.
That's really funny.
Was the tattoo written in on there too?
The tattoo was on there, yeah.
Cool.
I love it.
Oh, who's a good boy?
Who's a good boy?
I love you, Tyler.
Carrie, you took a big hit back there.
Are you feeling all right?
No, not at all, but it doesn't even matter.
Everything is fine.
Thank you.
Now that the love of my life is here with me and everything is fine.
Your original mission was to bring us back to the church, is that right?
Yes.
And was that with the explicit purpose of getting Keith back to the church or was it
all three of us at that point?
Well, I mean, he doesn't want you alive, Clark.
And John, even though you're not technically John, I believe, thank you very much.
I think that, you know, you're John inside of your dad and that's fine.
But you two, you three technically are responsible for the death of his family.
I don't know if you were aware of that when you just crashed a car and then bailed out
of our town.
That's not what happened.
We told a very reliable canine entity to tell the town people what was going on while we
were gone.
Now, if that didn't get communicated to the town, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but we sent it into the station.
You think I don't listen to 694.2?
Have you heard Kudzu?
That new song is a real banger.
I just played this morning for the first time and it blew me away.
Okay, well, Kerry, we might have you just stay here until we go to the-
Why do you keep calling him Kerry?
That's Councilwoman Kerry Pages who used the magic slash haunted radio to swap bodies
with our good friend, Ru.
I don't know who you guys are all looking at, but all of their eyes are very wide right
now.
She's been working with a pastor trying to trick us into going back to the church, but
we figured her out.
And if y'all don't still believe us, why would Councilwoman Pages' dog Tyler run up to Drew
Andrews?
Yeah, see, exactly.
It's like dogs only like one person.
I dramatically let the dog go.
In the style of those movies where the young boy and the evil guy of the movie are on opposite
sides of a dog and they're both calling to it, it goes to the, I guess, the evil person
in this situation, technically, from your perspective.
But Tyler runs to the body of Drew Andrews and Kerry Pages grabs it around the neck once
more.
Oh my God, yes, Tyler.
I love you.
I love you.
And it's like, thank you.
Thank you, John.
I know you didn't want to do that, but it's just, this is my everything.
Harry, it's just that everything is fucked.
You know how we thought that most things were fucked?
It seems that everything is fucked.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, Gary, you've always been kind of open to the idea that things were hinky in the
world, weren't you?
Yeah, it's a great word for it.
Is this ticking off any boxes?
Like, oh yeah, I read about when body switching happened in that one book.
Is this ringing any bells in any of your research or anything?
How about goo?
Was goo on your radar before today?
Does this remind you of a certain Lindsay Lohan movie?
Or perhaps have you researched the works of Silas Cole?
That's a lot of questions all at once, fellas.
And you know, I'm into a lot of this here stuff, but you know, I've seen some actual
magic in my life.
So yeah, I mean, I knew that this was all part of this.
I mean, you'll remember the conversation we had on the phone when you were on the way
to the city.
How could we forget?
It was your grandfather?
Was it grandfather or father gave him the spell?
Well, my grandfather gave me the book.
It had, you know, three pages left in it.
And they were specifically for the three of you.
And boy, those words danced off light like the page and just lit like a fire.
Are there any of those pages left or was...
Well, no.
There were three in there for us and it burnt out in the spell that he did over our heads.
Because there's three of us.
That makes sense.
Hey, why wasn't there a page for Justin?
Who's Justin?
Never mind.
You think there weren't a bunch of pages that created Wolf the dog?
Good point.
No, there were only three when I got it.
It was very thick, very thick.
But when you'd open it up, you could only get to like three pages.
And then once they were gone, it was just empty.
It was just shell on both sides, but it was still full.
It looked like a book, but there's nothing in there.
We found a book that will only open to one page.
Kind of looks like her tattoo.
The page that it opens up to.
The book itself, it was maybe skin bound.
Was the book you had bound by perhaps skin?
Man skin.
The face of Gary Daley loses blood.
Yeah, I sure didn't like touching that book.
I wanted to get rid of it as fast as I could.
You got it from your grandfather?
Yeah.
Yeah, when the pages were gone, what did you do with it?
Well, I don't.
Did you give it to Clark's parents?
And Gary starts crying.
Clark, we found it in Jim's house.
It would have been Jim, right?
That you gave it to if you give it to anybody.
No, I haven't really mentioned to you in all the hubbub,
what with the dog and the body switching and, you know, the fish magic.
I'm just imagining all the NPCs encircling you while you're having this conversation.
Sorry, what was that?
When I was having my augury, as it was, and I saw that
the entity before us that pretends to be Drew cannot be trusted.
When I saw that, I also saw a vision of Kacelle searching your parents' home for that book.
And Karen and Jim seemed to want it desperately.
But Kevin found it and he didn't reveal it to the others.
That's all I saw.
Do you know where it is now?
Clark, I'm so sorry.
I knew how much power it had, but I didn't know that people were going to be after it
the way they were.
And I think they died because I gave it to them.
Clark is staring at Gary with a little bit of anger and a little bit of confusion.
Like this is really hitting some notes.
I didn't, I didn't mean to, I didn't mean to cause their death or nothing.
I just, I knew I needed to get rid of it because I didn't.
I don't remember much about that day, but I do remember I heard, I heard a voice and
they did, they said something about Karen.
Karen, they said Karen did a magic trick and they all had to get out of there.
And that's, that was the last time I,
I don't, I don't understand though.
I don't, why did you, why would you give them a book like that?
Why would you think that they would want a book like that?
They were customers.
They were at the Daily Foam almost daily.
And they always asked about the signs up on the wall.
And we would talk often about, you know, conspiracy theories and occult texts.
And they seem knowledgeable about that.
No, they were just, they just had a passing interest, I think.
Why did you need to give it to them?
It was a book made out of a human.
I didn't want it.
And my parents did, did they take it?
Did, did they, did they take the book?
Like, did they know what they had?
Did they, did they seem, did they seem gleeful in having it or was it just a curiosity for them?
I don't remember seeing it in the house personally.
So they obviously secreted it away or something.
Well, it seemed to be a curiosity.
But when I told them, I mean, I told them what it could do.
So they knew, they knew the power that it had if they actually trusted me.
What could it do?
Yeah, you said the pages were empty, right?
They couldn't do anything anymore, right?
Well, I mean, they knew what it had been capable of doing previous, I suppose.
Can I human Gary here?
Yeah, you both want to roll?
Sure.
I fail 71 on a 30.
75 on a 50.
Fuck.
Seems genuine to you guys.
Coming across as genuine.
I don't cheat on my rolls, motherfucker.
No, I was talking about Gary.
Oh.
I knew exactly how to, now I get what you meant.
Also, you said you failed.
Bullshit.
I know.
Fucking liar.
I've seen Luke take too long to think about what he writes sometimes.
Gary, it's your grandfather's book.
Do you know where he got it?
What was your grandfather's name, by the way?
Well, I'd have to look that up.
Can I human that?
That's not in there.
That's not in the podcast.
Fuck.
I don't know if I ever said it.
Oh, you mean in the vision?
Yeah.
You didn't say it.
You just said grandfather.
His name was, um, Gary?
Grant Father.
His name was Grant Father Bailey.
And you don't know where he got that?
Where, you know where old Grant got that book?
Well, uh, we all, I mean, we all thought he was pretty crazy, but.
And he looks over at Clara Blankenship's arm.
You see that figure right there?
That looks to be about what he described that dropped it off at the Daily Fuh.
After closing time.
Can you imagine that?
Didn't even buy anything.
Some people are just rude.
You don't know if it's a bad day, a bad, uh, bad childhood.
It's like, he has no respect for other people's time.
I don't know anybody with the problem with that.
Blind.
So does that, does that tattoo ring a bell for anybody?
Have you ever seen anything like that?
Yeah.
Weird man who I took to be some sort of robot at the time approached me, uh, uh, outside
the hospital after I went to follow up on some, some lead, it seems like years ago now.
I remember that he gave you that note that was in binary, right?
Yeah.
And it said, uh, John, I killed the cheese pops.
He was rogue like that?
He sure was.
I guess it was just cause it was in binary that I assumed it was mechanical.
Uh, and then he, then he said, say hi to me for me.
Do you reckon that might've been old Clark?
We've certainly seen old me in robes.
That's that's when, when he did that thing in the mausoleum, he was wearing a robe.
John like jots down suspect has been seen in robes.
But that would, that would mean that I, when I was, when I was a kid, Gary, Gary, you were
there.
What?
When I was a kid, I came to visit mr.
Fingersen at the library and you were there and you were reading a book.
And when you read from the book, do you remember this?
Okay.
No, it was not my fault.
I stand by that though.
The book of, you know, St.
Oscythe witches or whatever I was reading that day does not have anything to do with
any cloaked figures except for witches.
You know, obviously sometimes we're cloaks, but either way, Gary, whether you did it or
not, which I think you did, but whether you did it or not, you were there.
And we saw that you remember that there was a cloak.
There was a cloak man.
He, he locked up the doors to the library and he was, he was being chased or chasing
someone.
He goes like, he's going to grab onto Clara Blankenship's arm to look closer at the
tattoo.
And then he's like, Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
I did not mean to touch your arm to look at your tattoo.
That would be extremely rude.
Can I just look at that much closer?
And she's like, yeah, of course, that's fine.
And very closely puts his face right up to her arm.
This motherfucker right here is exactly who was outside the Mary Cole public library
that day.
I swear to God.
And thankfully that figure locked us in, right?
Yeah.
He used some sort of chains or something because there were these big tall creatures.
Oh my goodness.
I'm having all sorts of flashbacks right now.
Yeah, they were wearing suits.
They were these lanky translucent skin fuckers.
I told John they, they, they were, they were the, they were the, they were those creatures.
I remember now it was the, it was the thing that's been yelling at us.
They were chasing the robed figure.
And now you're saying that that could be old me.
I don't know.
I turned to Clara.
I am so sorry.
I know you guys are having like a whole thing right now and it seems, seems really important.
But I, if I can, since the figure that you're talking about was in my dreams and has been
in my recurring dreams for the past few years and a long time now, I have this video that
I found online from this dude in contention way back when.
And since it's been scrubbed from the internet and I'm pretty sure that like some sort of
black ops special secret service kind of like men in black shit took it off the internet
because I looked him up recently.
I think he disappeared.
Whose video?
His name's John Peters.
It's this YouTube video.
He used to have a channel where he talked about the dreams he had during this coma that
he was in for like a while.
He was in the hospital for an extended time.
Could be any John Peters in a coma.
So for listeners, you can go to any of our social media sites, Instagram at pretending
pod, Twitter at pretending pod, or go to the Facebook page, which is pretending to be people.
And you can find this video.
I'll play the audio of it right now.
If I can make that happen.
Hello everybody.
Welcome back to John Peters channel where I'm talking about my visions that I saw while
having a over a month long coma here in contention.
I believe these visions showed me a world or a land that is parallel to our own simultaneously
existing.
I was led there by a man who only carried a black Nike bag and when he reached out to
shake my hand upon introductions, it smelled of sweet meats like a grill and my hand burned
and burned.
That is all for now.
Like and subscribe and I will update more soon.
Oh, what the fuck?
It's the best fucking thing in the world.
Do y'all remember that motherfucker having such big eyes?
The only one trying to
try
to
