Greetings and salutations, my pack.
It's your hellacious howler, Wolf the Dog,
and I am shoutin' at you live from 694.2 PTBP.
My screams can be heard no matter where you are,
as long as you are tuned into the very good numbers.
That's how radios work, I think.
One thing that always works is the adoration of the public.
It just gets my crawdads boilin'.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Josh in Maryland.
They tweeted about the show and tagged at PretendingPod.
Wow, thanks, Josh. I really appreciate it.
They write,
Thank you all for your excellent show.
I cannot wait to see what season two brings.
You introduced me to Delta Green,
and I've made that all of my friends' problems.
So far, they have sustained major casualties
in both Lover in the Ice and The Last Equation.
Shout-out to Deathwatch and the Raven Inquisition,
the best friends to play an RPG with.
Damn, Josh. Thank you, my child.
We here at PTBP love it when you make something you love
everyone else's problem.
Just ask all of my friends.
I have literally so many of these things called friends.
I'm definitely not super lonely,
sittin' in this studio for all time
with only my producer and dog, Wolf the Dog.
I definitely don't long to share a warm garbage parfait
with another under the flickering lights
in the parking lot of the long-abandoned supermarket
called Cream for Less.
The stars and moon cast in an otherworldly glow
upon our yogurt-covered claws and maws.
Yeah, I definitely don't care about none of that.
Ahem. Huh.
Well, uh, if you want to write up something for your wolf to howl,
tag at Pretending Pod on the Internet
or write a five-star review on Apple Podcasts
and holler at us about it.
Say it loud to the person on your left,
at Pretending Pod.
Now say it loud to the person on your right,
at Pretending Pod.
Say it out loud to your friend Beth's dad.
Say it out loud to your fest-drenned Brad,
at Pretending Pod.
And now, the news.
Last time, Lafayette J. Honeycutt
landed on the roof of the great chauffeur party building
with his Fuck Yo Gravity machine.
He then came face to face with a otherworldly creature.
It scuttled across the top of the building toward him
as he failed miserably
at an attempt to pop down to ground level.
The lit towel rained down a bevy of debris,
including a burning timber that drove checkers down
and pinned him into the snowdrift.
Thankfully, Harvey Brewer was nearby
to help his future cult leader,
and in a downpour of good luck,
Honeycutt blasted the flying monsters
with a jetpack fart to the face
and flipped down next to Harvey and checkers with ease.
Meanwhile, Elden Ring became Dark Soul.
That led to Mr. Soul being shot by his ex-leader checkers.
This was, of course, followed by the sounds of screaming,
electrical discharge,
and the air being absolutely filled with the buzzing
of these twisted winged beasts
with pulsating crenulations across their jagged heads.
It's a swarm, y'all.
And now, for the first time,
a brand new song here for 694.2 PTBP.
It's Isabelle Crane with Hollow.
I didn't know
a body could be hollow
before its blood ran cold.
I didn't know
that the wind could soak
the tissue and faggot bone.
You were hollow
and you spoke to me.
Hollow and you sang.
I thought you might be starving,
so I gave you everything.
I feel so low energy after your kind of hype there.
Well, something was said right before we cut to the 30 seconds of silence
that made Scott literally say the phrase,
Jesus wept.
And it reminded me,
we used to play Bible trivia
when our Sunday school teacher
didn't have anything prepared for us on Sunday morning,
and Bible trivia was a game that was like, you know,
Trivial Pursuit, whatever, is in a box
and so we'd bust it out and play.
And the question was,
what is the shortest verse in the Bible?
And my friend's younger sister said,
enthusiastically as anyone has ever proclaimed any two words,
Jesus wept.
Jesus wept.
No, Jesus used the three cells.
Yeah, he didn't come to wash away mankind's sins,
just to wipe them away.
Just smudge them a bit.
Yeah, from back to front too.
Jesus was a freak.
Yeah, and they didn't have bidets back then,
so, ugh.
Oh my God.
And for you listening at home,
if you don't have a bidet,
we're not living in Jesus times anymore.
You can get one.
They're relatively inexpensive
and it keeps your butthole happy.
Brought to you by, I'm Googling bidet company.
We need to reach out.
If we could get a sponsor for the podcast
that wasn't like, just like Bomba socks or whatever
every time, it would be cool
if we were just exclusively sponsored
by a bidet brand.
Brought to you by,
Brought to you by Tushy.
Oh, that's a good one.
Today only, if you type in the code PTBP
and then delete it off there,
you can buy, if you buy two bidets,
you can save $90 at Tushy.com.
And if you use Honey, it'll probably help.
If your arsehole could speak, it would thank you.
Oh, that's a hell of a tagline.
Thomas, what do you think about that?
Our Jimmy John's came, Scott.
We've got delicious Jimmy John's incoming.
That was freaky fast.
That was freaky fast.
Your sandwich place is called Jimmy John's?
Jimmy John's, yep.
Oh, Jimmy John's. Oh, sorry.
I thought you said Jimmy John's.
I was expecting it to come with flavor aid.
Holy shit.
The Jim Jones.
Is this going to be like some special Patreon content
where it's just like eating sounds for 10 minutes?
Oh, God.
Dibbing up of sandwiches.
So we literally have to split off in our very first episode.
There's a doorbell that rings like four minutes
into our very first recording.
Jimmy John's just showed up at the door
and Luke went to the door and the guy was like,
what are you guys up to today?
And Luke was like, oh, we're playing a role playing game.
And the guy was like, oh, sweet.
Have you ever heard of Delta Green?
And Luke was like, dude, I'm not kidding.
That is what we're playing.
Brilliant.
And then I didn't say like, hey, we're recording.
You should listen to this thing
that will come out in two years.
Well, that guy was Joe.
Can I play?
It was called Jimmy Joe's back then.
What are we going to do?
Hoover down a few bites.
Take your time.
I don't want to see any of you choking to death
trying to catch the game in a hurry.
It's a horror game, Scott.
Psychic attack!
Psychic attack!
Well, I think everyone's stopped crunching chips.
Yeah, I'm ready to go.
Fantastic.
Does someone want to do a recap
and then we can move on to the death?
There was a heavy betrayal.
Oh, man, yeah.
Luke really betrayed me.
But then kind of a reconciliation sort of.
I don't know what happened at the end there
where he was first aiding you after having shot you.
I know, it's wild.
Well, I was pissed that I could feel you betraying me
in real time and then I didn't want to kill you,
but I had to stop you psychic attacking me.
I'd like to read something from the psychic attack part
of the Pulp Cthulhu handbook.
It says, I can.
Okay, I can.
Sounds like you're making it up already.
I'll read the whole thing then, I guess.
It says that I can.
And I do.
The psychic may attempt a psychic attack
if the target is in line of sight.
If the initial opposed power roll is failed,
the psychic hero may attempt another power roll
on their turn in the following round.
The second attempt effectively works like a push roll.
If the second attempt fails,
the target of the attack can never be targeted again
by the same psychic.
Wow.
So I don't know if you read that, Scott,
as like two psychic attacks back to back in one combat.
Okay, so then I've done it once.
So if I do it again and fail,
then I'll never be able to psychic attack you ever again.
And then that would restore my trust in you.
Yeah, so don't think of it as a psychic attack.
Think of it as an inoculation.
Right.
Oh, and if I fail, it works like a pushed roll.
So something suitably bad happens.
Possible consequences might include
bleeding from ears and eyes,
sanity loss and instant delusion,
incapacitation by shaking and spasms, et cetera.
Nice.
I like et cetera, too.
Yeah, et cetera sounds crazy.
Yes.
Anyway, that could be bad, huh?
Could be bad.
But I'm sure you wouldn't be silly enough to do that,
would you?
God, no.
There's no way of telling, honestly.
So shall we open up with that then
with the two of you down there in the cellar,
patching things up both figuratively and literally?
But why?
Why did you do it?
You should join us.
I'm not sure what any of it is.
I don't know what the invention is.
I don't know what that thing was.
I don't know what you're trying to get me to join.
Well, you didn't know what anything was before,
and you were still the face of that.
Fair enough.
His mind has been changed.
Oh, yes.
Delta.
Green.
Well, let's, I mean, we got you patched up
as much as I can do right here, but...
I'm feeling much better, thank you.
There's probably a doctor.
Friend.
There's scientists and academics and everything.
There's got to be a doctor.
Hey, I want you to know,
just because you're no longer my master
does not mean that we cannot be friends.
Huh?
I can teach you the ways of this creature,
and you can learn.
But I'm in charge, though.
Assuredly, but you can learn from me.
Hmm.
I think you lost a lot of blood or something,
and you're not making no sense.
And I think with that as well,
you can start hearing all the screaming and crying
and strange, you know, crashing sounds from outside.
A little bit of Checkers charm pops into his head,
and he's like, hey, they're missing us out there.
Yeah, a little bit of Monica in my life.
Right.
A little bit of Sandra in the sun.
A little bit of Jessica.
I help you walk up the stairs,
and we'll head out of this horrifying dungeon.
Thank you, friend.
And meanwhile, upstairs, Lafayette and Harvey,
you'd heard all the chaos as well
from deeper within the building.
What are you doing?
I was having a bout of not feeling so great mentally.
Am I still having that?
Yes.
You are.
Yeah, absolute panic.
You've got to get out of here as soon as possible,
and I mean, you know where the front door is.
I mean, you know, if you just run out of there,
I'm sure you'll be fine.
I'm charging ahead.
Okay.
So, yeah, Lafayette can see Harvey
just legging it down the corridor
full speed away from him.
How many legs?
Yeah, I was gonna ask.
I started with 13.
You didn't know that?
He's running at, what, just over 100 miles an hour?
He's done that in, like, the same direction
that the creature just flew off, basically?
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, he's running towards the chaos.
Lafayette looks down, like, either side of the hallway
and then closes the door behind him and locks it.
Like, while you're in the room?
Yeah.
And then he starts going through the shit in Cicero's room.
Well, I mean, the shit in Cicero's room
largely consists of blood-splattered furnishings,
blood-splattered bedding, blood-splattered carpet,
blood-splattered corpse,
the syringe and the strange liquid,
blood-splattered ceiling, blood-splattered light fixtures.
Blood-splattered love letters he never sent you.
I try to open any blood-splattered drawers
or cabinets and find, you know,
is there anything in his bedside table,
any super sentimental knick-knack
that I can take to just really rub in the world's, you know,
I guess I wouldn't show it off too much, but still.
You would know.
Ego.
Yeah.
Oh, gosh, what kinds of knick-knacks might he have?
Yeah, I guess there's a lock of blonde hair
that's tied with a ribbon.
Was his wife?
I see that, and I look at it, and I kind of toss it away,
and I see, like, propped up next to the bed
is that stupid self-playing violin, and I take that.
Yes.
And I...
It's out of tune already.
And I look at the weird, you know, the stuff he was injecting.
I can see the track marks on his arms and shit.
And I pocket that as well.
Okay.
And then are you two running up those same stairs
out of that wardrobe?
Yeah, I think at this point the two of them
do burst out of the wardrobe.
Well, hello, chaps.
We got to go help or something.
What are you doing?
As screams are coming from the...
What's down there?
I don't know, something bad.
Oh, where we just came from.
Yeah.
Something bad.
Did you see it fly out of there?
It's gone, yes.
That was down there, and it took him...
He's fucked up because he's thinking
that that thing's his master, but I am.
The new invention of Cicero Morgan
is going to change the world, you know?
And he's saying that shit.
Just like everybody down there.
It's going to change the world, you know?
Also, the last branch, you should get in early
because it's about to take off.
No. No.
God damn it, no.
Lafayette J. Honeycutt is about to take off.
He did take off in his amazing jet pack.
I don't know who that is, David.
I am Lafayette J. Honeycutt.
Whoa!
The whole time?
Yeah, he parts his hair to the other side.
Dramatically.
Checkers recalls, he's like,
I've seen him in the magazines.
That's right, you have.
I am the best inventor.
You're the second best inventor on Earth?
Well, and then I see him.
I'm like, well, the best now.
I was the best before.
I made this kick-ass jet pack.
Can you invent us something to get out of here?
Alive?
A jet pack!
Us, not you.
So Honeycutt, does that mean that I am the vessel
that followed through with the energy focus
in order to make you the successful man
without any sort of rival to speak of?
This is exactly what I was saying.
He's lost it.
If so, I think any invention that you come up with tonight
and show off could change the world, you know?
Oh, well, have you seen my jet pack?
I kind of turn around and I flash it to him.
I'm like, eh?
Is it cool?
It's very cool.
I think if you want to work out how cool this is,
you'd have to lick it.
Yeah.
Do you mind?
Yeah, I also give him just a little push.
I spread a little flame out the back.
Ooh.
Just revving the engine, just a little.
Huh?
Look at that.
I think with all the blood and tissue around,
there's just this brief smell of cooking meat.
Yeah, it just like singes.
Well, we got to get him to a doctor
and figure out what the hell's going on out there.
Well, it sounds like a lot of people are screaming
and dying out there, so what if we just stayed in here?
That was sort of my plan.
Well, and what, wait for them to come to us?
No, wait for everything to leave.
They know we're up here.
That thing had holes drilled in its head and it's mad.
It seemed like it just wanted to get out of here.
It's gone.
I'm going to survive.
I sure hope so.
I shot him.
Sorry.
It's okay.
I think I'm going to be protected.
Split up.
Wait, what? Why?
Okay, you take care of him then,
and I unlock the doors and go investigate the scene.
Wow, he's going to be deeply unsafe now.
Why don't you go see what's going on out there for me?
Could you do that?
Yeah, I'm not going to be harmed by this creature
or any of its friends, so of course, yeah, that seems fine.
Perfect.
You go down there and see what's going on
and report back to me.
Yeah, I'll let everybody know you're up here.
I kind of shuttle you out the door after.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Don't do that.
Don't tell anyone.
Well, in order to make sure that tonight goes off without a hitch,
everyone should know where everyone is.
You understand that tonight has just been one big hitch, right?
No, it's a party.
Sorry.
The hitches have already gone off.
You know, I'll just go with you two.
It's a party.
Sorry.
Well, Harvey's got a head start, so let's catch up with him.
So in your panic to get out, you've run to the main stairs
and you were going to head to the exit,
but now that you're on the stairs,
you're beginning to come out of this panic
and you can see that it is carnage down below.
There are people running around all over the place
and there are a number of these flying creatures
buzzing through the air around them.
A few of them are holding these devices
that look a bit like cameras maybe.
The people are terrified.
Some of them are trying to get outside.
You can see there are a few bodies on the ground.
People are getting trampled.
What do you do?
Has anything noticed me?
Notice me.
What?
Give me a luck roll.
Give me a luck roll.
It's a 21 on a 59.
I mean, a couple of people run past you up the stairs.
There are some of these creatures buzzing around,
but nothing seems to have taken a lively interest in you yet,
but it's probably only a matter of time.
Can you give me an idea of the number of these bug creature things?
Is it like 20 of them or is it like three or four of them?
At the moment, you're mainly looking into the hallway
and you can see about half a dozen of them here,
but there's sounds of buzzing from outside.
You hear some strange crackling noises from out there as well.
And there's pandemonium in the ballroom as well.
The band, funnily enough, has stopped playing at this stage.
Oh, no, the music.
The party's not going off without a hitch.
If I'm starting to regain my senses at this point,
he's remembered that he's abandoned his employer,
the person he's only supposed to protect.
So he's going to look back down the hallway and see if he is followed.
Yeah, and as you do so, you can see the others moving towards you,
silhouetted by the light from Gordon's room.
And I'm going to try and tell him to slow down and be quiet.
Yeah, it's easy to see that.
Let's just go back and lock ourselves in that room.
I slow down a little bit, but I kind of blow by Harvey
and I'm like, come on, you'll be the most help.
I grab him by the scruff of his collar.
Hey, buddy, listen, there's a lot of them down there.
I can't take them alone.
I don't think four of us can take them either.
What's them?
You saw that thing that came out of the cellar?
I shot it.
There's a lot of those.
Just so you know, I shot it and nothing happened at all.
So do you want to go fight those now?
There's got to be a way, or they could join the cult
and be the most powerful members of the cult.
Where did this voice come from?
The most powerful members of our cult.
Everything about me is a fraud.
So I don't really even have an actual voice.
So you're having this conversation at the top of the stairs.
Unfortunately, it sounds like it.
So while you're having this conversation,
you see Margaret Payne running pursued by one of these creatures.
Another one of them wields this camera-like device
and seems to be trying to point it actually in your direction.
But this bolt of energy shoots out of it
and hits the mounting for the chandelier in the hallway.
And you see the chandelier come down
and land on Margaret Payne, pinning her to the ground.
Oh, Margaret.
That beautiful chandelier is ruined.
Checkers sees all this and he's thinking like,
yeah, I shot that thing.
It didn't get affected at all by my gun,
but I did see, fucking not Fayetteville, Lafayette.
I saw Lafayette burn one to death.
Fayetteville, D'Artagnan.
Fayetteville.
I saw Fayetteville burn one to death.
So because I can't move because Harvey's got his grip on me,
I pull my lighter back out and I try to just set the picture on the wall on fire.
Stop setting shit on fire, dude.
I'm just picturing in amongst all this chaos,
you're standing there almost casually with your arm out
as this picture frame slowly smoulders.
My plan is to hide out in a room.
I was going to lock myself in a room on the second floor
and you're about to burn me out, dude.
Well, I wasn't going to do that
and I figured you'd just come along with us.
So fire kills him.
And while you're having this debate,
you can see Margaret Payne is there,
still under the chandelier.
She's looking around in panic
and she just makes eye contact with you at the top of the stairs,
one bloody hand reaching up towards you.
And there's one of these creatures that's swooping down,
buzzing down towards her menacingly.
We got to help Maggie.
She's in Margaret Payne.
Now's the moment for a gentleman to shine, I suppose,
and I jet pack down the hallway.
Fantastic.
Are you going for the chandelier?
Are you going for the creature that's about to attack her?
What are you doing?
I'm going to go, yeah, I'm going to go try to intercept it
before I can get to her.
And I'm like, Harvey, lift that off the lady there, you brute,
if you're still with me.
I'm following him for sure, but do you hit the creature?
We don't know yet.
Well, let's find out.
So I think this comes down to your 35% piloting roll.
I'll let you use that as a combat skill.
This thing is going to attack you in return,
and it's going to try to bring you down to the ground
so it can rip you apart with its pincers.
Yeah, 33!
33 on a 35?
Yeah.
Oh, my God, it's a success.
Oh, but it's not a crit.
Yeah, no crit.
But it's a success.
Let me just see.
I've got a success for it.
I'm just checking to see whether it's an ordinary or a hard one.
It is an ordinary one.
It just missed a hard success by 1%.
So, yeah, you slam into this thing at speed.
It doesn't have a face, so it's difficult to describe it as looking surprised,
but it looks surprised.
So what's your plan?
Are you trying to take it outside?
Are you slamming it into a wall?
Are you slamming it into the ground?
I am probably as surprised as it is,
and I am just going to try to jetpack away.
I don't know if I can get it to follow me,
but I basically want to try to lead it away.
You've got a hold of it, I think.
You've got it.
I mean, basically, you've barreled into it.
You've got hold of it.
Right.
Then I hold it tight, and I'm like,
oh, what's something clever to say, boys?
Always the thing that you want, huh?
Say that.
Yeah, I say, well, you can't always get what you want, I suppose.
Something about this party has been bugging me.
I say, fuck you, bug man.
And as I'm holding it tight,
yeah, I'm going to try to just drop it into a wall with some momentum,
bowl it a little bit.
Okay, so, I mean, as you're doing that,
I think it's going to have one chance to attack you,
because as you're holding onto it,
it becomes very apparent in just how many sharp appendages it has,
and it's bringing a couple of these big pincers up
to see whether it can remove your face.
How are you trying to prevent it from removing your face?
I think I'm going to try to take some wild maneuvers with the,
like, if I see him going for a swipe,
I'm going to try to, like, do a big drop with the jet pack.
So you can use your pilot as a defensive skill,
and give that a try.
93.
Okay, I got a success.
So, yeah, this creature has brought its claw up,
and, oof, this could hurt.
I think you should clip that and put it at the beginning of the first episode.
Ooh, this could hurt.
So that's six hit points of damage as this pincer closes on your face.
I mean, it takes a chunk of meat off the end of your nose,
and there's blood running down into your mouth.
You bastard.
I say.
I say.
Good man.
And with that, you said you were going to try to throw it into a ball.
Yeah.
Okay, I think it's going to try to hold on to you as you do that.
So, yeah, if you want to give me again your pilot roll,
and I shall roll again for its, sink its sharp appendages into Lafayette roll.
I'd like to do just a fast-talk roll to it to say don't.
He says it real fast, though.
I roll to 0-3.
Oof.
I rolled a 20.
Okay, so it beats you.
Yeah.
And so, yeah, I mean, you try to throw it away from you,
but as you do so, it sinks its sharp claws and the ends of its legs into your flesh.
And as you try throwing it away from your body,
you can just feel multiple rips in your body as it holds onto you for dear life.
Because that's an extreme roll, it does maximum damage on this.
So that is...
Ow!
So, yes, that is 10 hit points of damage.
Ouchy ouchy.
Is that 16 that you just within a second?
Yes.
My current hit points now are, that was 10 just then?
Yeah.
Yeah, so I'm down to 9.
So that's good.
Okay, so you're still wrestling with this creature in the air.
What's everyone else doing while this is going on?
Can Harvey see that happening and he wants to run up and punch this thing off of him?
It's got to be quite difficult to do,
because the two of them are pretty much bouncing off the ceiling and the walls all around you,
moving at speed.
So it's not only like trying to hit a pinata,
but it's like trying to hit a pinata that's actively running away from you.
Well, if that's the case, if I don't think it's possible, then I would help try to get Margaret out from another chandelier.
Okay, yeah, you can give me a strength roll to do that.
That's a 50 on a 90?
Yeah, you manage to lift the chandelier off her and she's quite bloody and bruised,
but she drags herself out from underneath it and says,
Oh, thank you so much. I thought I was done for there.
We need to get to 6.
Safety, we're safe. Where is safe?
Shall we get a car and get out of here?
Sorry, the car's not an option. They're destroyed out there.
There was nobody upstairs. That's probably the most safe place at this point right now.
All right, yes, yes, I'll do that.
And she starts limping up the stairs as fast as her damaged legs will take her.
At the top of the stairs, Checkers is trying to light things up.
At the top of the stairs, Checkers is trying to light fires.
Well, you are being beaten to the punch slightly because you can see where these things,
the ones that are armed with these things that look like cameras have been firing them,
that there are bits of the wall and ceiling now which are beginning to catch fire.
Perfect.
Yeah, we're on their side now, so this seems fine.
Elden, what do we do now? That's your master.
Yeah, I'm looking for the religion man.
The Reverend.
Okay, give me, actually give me a listen roll.
Ooh, 14 on a 50.
So you don't see him, but you hear from the ballroom his voice and it's loud.
It's cutting through the chaos and he's shouting in absolute fury,
you idiots, you are ruining this.
You are ruining everything.
Come on guys, we should go talk to the man with the collar.
I follow you.
So we're going down the stairs as the injured Margaret Payne is being helped up the stairs by Harvey Warby.
I think I probably just sent her on her way because my wife is still flying around.
She's going to hide under a bed somewhere.
Smart.
Yeah, I mean the rest of you gather downstairs.
There are people running all over the place just trying to get the hell out of here.
A couple of them are on fire.
There are some on the ground.
Immediate laughter from the PTBP crew.
Someone was on fire.
In the climax of a horror movie.
A couple of people on fire, some Wilhelm screams.
It's like, this is great.
Yeah, it is exactly that.
What I would like if you're trying to make your way through to the ballroom is dodge rolls off everyone to avoid being stampeded by the panicking people.
10.
Uh oh.
Hey, I passed a 21 on a 25.
94.
I fail.
So, those of you who failed, so, sorry, was that just Mr. Soul who failed?
Soul and Harvey Birdman.
No, I passed.
Oh, you passed. Sorry, my bad. Just me?
Just you.
Oh, okay, cool. I thought anyone...
So the rest of you are kind of weaving and elbowing your way through the panicking throng.
But, yeah, Mr. Soul gets knocked to the ground and someone's foot slams into your face as they're running off.
Oh, no.
And you take a grand total of one hit point of damage.
Oh, no.
It was a little dainty foot.
Oh, just a little dainty foot.
Yeah, it was a size three.
It was a child.
But the point is, you're down at the ground.
The rest of you, through the doors to the ballroom, you can see Reverend Nye is just marching through the panicking crowd.
The air is thick with smoke now, and there's more of these creatures buzzing around these electrical arcs flying everywhere.
And you see the air around Reverend Nye seems to be shimmering.
It's like he has his own personal heat haze around him.
His eyes are absolutely black and he just marches up in the direction of one of these flying creatures, shouting,
you idiots, you're ruining this, you idiots.
And he raises his hand up and there is this shockwave of force.
And the creature flies through the air, impacts the wall behind it, and then just splats like a bug on a windshield.
We should have just done that.
I see that through the crowd of legs and feet, like all through, and I'm like, oh, my God, another one like me.
Oh, yeah. I mean, his eyes are absolutely jet black at the moment and the air is shimmering around him with the heat.
I can learn so much from this man.
I help him off the ground and like try to get him over to the reverend.
Yeah, the reverend standing there looking around, his face a mask of fury.
And as he sees you coming towards him, Jesse's movement coming towards him, he whips around and raises his hand up again.
But pauses for a moment as he sees that it's you.
How do I do that, too, so we can eliminate the issues?
There is no time.
We have to protect Cicero's invention at all cost.
It needs to be shown to the world this is such a delicate time, such a precious time.
We need to make sure that his invention goes out there and changes the world.
Can his invention help get rid of all these things?
I don't know. Maybe. I mean, honestly, I don't understand how it works.
This is Cicero's doing. But if you think you understand it, then have at it.
Dark soul runs over and in one fell swoop grabs onto the canvas atop it and does the big swipe to unveil it.
And I want to roll Cthulhu Mythos.
Actually, Cthulhu Mythos doesn't really apply.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, what you're looking at is just basically a big metal box with a number of dials and meters on it.
Fuck.
Lafayette! David! Help! Science! Science, man!
This is beyond my mystical capabilities.
I yell and look and see him flying around with a crab person on him.
If I get out of that, I've got just the thing for this.
Let's see whether Lafayette can get out of this so he can have another try at splatting your bug friend.
Can I offer help in some way that maybe I'm such a hulking big mass that maybe I can just try and get my body in the way of them?
I'll tell you what. Let's have a dex roll to see whether you can get into a position whereby you can actually attack them.
Or at least attack the bug. Maybe not Lafayette.
I hit an 11 on a 50.
Okay. Yeah, I mean, you reckon if you get up onto the stage, you can probably maybe stage dive onto the flying clusterfuck that's going around you.
Yes!
Hell yeah, that's what I want to do.
Right as the breakdown starts.
This is some jingle all the way shit and I am here for it.
Could I attempt a biology roll against this creature to find any weak spots? It's a science I have. Science biology.
I think because this thing does not follow terrestrial biology, you could make a Cthulhu Mythos roll.
Yeah, I don't have anything good there. I guess I'll continue trying to fly against a pilot against it.
Yeah, I mean, you can certainly see Harvey getting ready to join in the fray.
Yeah, so I'll just try to steer things towards him.
Okay. Yeah, then give me a policy roll. This would be a great time to roll a double zero.
67.
Damn.
The good news is that you are heading roughly in the direction where Harvey is. The bad news is, I mean, initially they were flying overhead, but now Lafayette seems to have lost control of this and they've ducked down a bit and you realize that now both he and the creature are cannonballing towards you, Harvey, at speed.
I mean, you have a choice about what to do here. You've got maybe half a second before they hit you like a wrecking ball.
I want to try and tank the hit and grab onto him to pull him down to the ground.
Okay.
Yeah, you can make a fighting brawl roll here, and if you fail, this could hurt really badly.
Oh, no.
I was so fucking excited because I have an 80 in fighting brawl, but I rolled a 98.
Oh.
I mean, it's not a fumble. You could spend 18 points of luck and make that a success.
Oh, hell yeah, that's what I'll do.
Yeah.
What does that leave you with?
What's 59 minus 18?
41.
You're about to miss, but then you slip on, like, a trumpeter's blood and get a direct hit.
Trumpeter's blood.
That fucking clarinet is dead.
Okay, so you're grabbing hold of this thing as it is barreling towards you.
Am I strong enough? Does that roll help me pull them and, like, pull them, or do I get pulled along with them?
At the moment, yeah, you're probably getting pulled along with them.
So, yeah, I'm imagining it now as the two of you holding on to this creature being piloted by Lafayette's jetpack.
Harvey may be holding on to the undercarriage of this creature, and, yeah, the creature is pretty nonplussed by all of this.
And I think it probably wants to get Harvey off it at this stage.
It's basically got to bring up one of its pincers and try to gut you with it. What are you doing when it does this?
Harvey wants to hit this thing in the squishy part of its head that we've seen pulsating. He wants to try and hit it there.
So whatever maneuver I can make to do that.
That's just a straight fighting brawl roll. Cool.
I'm going to throw up. It's an 85 on an 80.
Do you have five luck?
I do have five luck.
But you'd need to get a hard success, because I got an ordinary success on its attack versus you, and you're fighting back here.
So, yeah, you'd need to have a result of 40 here.
Ouch!
Yeah, that's not happening.
Would I roll an 85?
45 luck?
I've got 41.
On the price side, it's obviously a bit...
Oh, oh, wait! Hang on. One of my special talents is called Rapid Attack, and I can spend 10 luck to gain an extra melee attack.
Yeah.
Go for it. Go for it.
Awesome.
But you can spend luck on this one.
Okay, yeah. That's an 81.
This is a follow-up attack, which I'll deal with in a moment.
But on your first attack there, you did take three damage as it sunk its claws into you.
But then you're punching it right back. It's still trying to gut you, so it's fighting back.
So it needs a hard success here.
And it's only got an ordinary one, so this time you are hurting it.
Nice!
Hell yeah!
So give me a damage roll on that.
That would be a d3 plus your damage bonus.
d3, you're just half a d6, is that how you do it?
Yeah.
That's a 2, but my damage bonus is a d6.
Ah, that's good.
That's a 5.
So 7.
7.
Okay, I better make a con roll for it.
You punch it in the squidgy part of its head, and yeah, it goes limp.
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh.
Well done, Avi.
While this is going on, the other two had both of you over with all the equipment?
Yeah, I was over with Dark.
And Reverend Nye has come over as well, and he looks out the window at this stage,
and through the snow sees just the burning remains of the tower out there.
And he just stops for a moment, staring at this thing.
There was the heat haze of anger around him before, but it seems to have gone up a few hundred degrees.
And you can just feel the stage shaking underneath him.
Did you need that?
What happened to the tower?
Oh, yeah, that's crazy.
No one knows who could have done this.
We're all looking for who's burned down the tower.
It must be those monsters that did it.
Do you want to give me a fast talk roll like your life depends on it?
Yeah.
I got a 64, but I have a 60, so I'm going to spend 4 luck and pass.
Okay.
And so there is a brief moment of hesitation.
And the temperature drops again by a few degrees, and he looks around and says,
I will find out who is responsible for this and I will destroy them.
Yeah.
Yeah. Would you like help?
No, he says, and turns and storms off the stage.
Wait, how does this thing work?
He ignores you and walks off.
How does this thing work?
Can I try to find an on button?
Luke, it doesn't anymore.
Oh, yeah, because of the tower.
Because literally the stuff you did, you were a part of it.
We smashed it up real good.
So while the Reverend Nye storms off the stage, I mean, he almost casually flicks his hand up
and another one of these things spirals and bounces off the ground.
This is one that's holding a camera type thing.
And as it bounces off the ground, this huge arc of electricity comes off it and shoots
over in your direction.
Can I have a group luck roll?
Whoever's got the lowest luck out of the four of you?
I have 4.
34.
Damn.
OK.
And with that, the arc of electricity hits the console.
And all of a sudden, there are explosions and sparks coming off it.
There's electricity now.
I mean, not just the arc of electricity, but the electricity within the console is sparking
your way now as well.
Just all this, you can feel your hair standing on end.
Yeah, the air itself seems to be electrified.
What are you doing?
Is that, did the camera thing, it's like dropped by the bug guy, right?
It is.
And yeah, it's basically just spinning around on the ground, sending out random sparks of
energy now.
Oh, OK.
I was going to grab it, but I don't think I'm going to grab it.
Well, I'm going to run after it and try to grab it.
OK.
And I'm going to go try to work this machine.
Yeah, my goal is to grab it and then direct it at the machine to give it even more juice.
And I'm going to be trying to press buttons that look like they do stuff.
And I'm well educated, so maybe I read about it in a book.
This new invention that it was just revealed.
Yeah.
Yeah, this hasn't quite made it into the books yet.
OK, fuck.
Right.
Sorry.
OK, so you're trying to get the machine working.
What's Lafayette doing now that the creature that you're flying around with seems to have
stopped fighting?
Well, if it stopped grappling me, I'm going to stop grappling it and try to bring Harvey
and I to a safe stop and we just kind of ditch the corpse, maybe try to drop it on another
one of these things.
OK.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You can do that easily enough.
You are in a target rich environment.
So, yeah, we bought one of the other ones with this thing's corpse and it's pretty funny
and we share a little chuckle about that.
And and then, yeah, I see them like futzing with this machine, which now seems to be on
fire and sparking with electricity.
Yeah.
Lafayette's eyes just get super wide and he's like, come, Harvey, we need it right away.
He lands right next to the machine and kind of pushes checkers out of the way and he starts
going away at it using computer use.
This would be electrical repair.
Well, then he uses electrical repair.
Yeah.
OK.
Before we do that, let's just deal with, was it Mr.
Soul who was going off to try to grab the electrical gun that was misfiring?
Yeah, doing a real hopscotch situation, trying to avoid the electrical bolts flying off this
thing.
OK, then give me a DODGE roll to see what you can get to it without getting shot in
the process.
54 on a 30.
So I'm going to spend 24 LUCK.
Oh, nice.
To succeed.
OK.
So I'm going to go from 39 down to 15.
Oh, OK.
That's what Scott likes to hear.
So, yeah, you've managed to leap over this arc of electricity just as he was about to
take your legs off and grab hold of this device.
It looks like, yes, it does have controls on it that are supposed to determine when
it discharges.
But on the other hand, this thing is very definitely damaged.
It's just shooting randomly.
Knowing that it's randomly shooting, I'm just focusing on hefting it, you know, and
making sure that it is facing not at anyone who's working on the machine, but basically
like at a wall until I can run over to the machine close enough to direct it into the
machine and not at any of my new friends who are over there.
OK, yeah.
Yeah, you can do that.
Yeah, I don't see any reason for a roll.
So you can just do that for a bit while the others try to get to grips with the malfunctioning
machine.
Now, just as Lafayette is getting to grips with it and trying to work out how to fix
this.
I mean, first of all, yeah, you can make that electrical repair roll to see whether you
can see how to fix this.
Twelve, which is, I believe, an extreme success.
OK.
So, yeah, I mean, you can see.
I mean, if you can just get inside the works and disconnect that red wire over there,
then you can at least stop any further damage or at least you can probably limit any
further damage while it's on fire.
I mean, it's going to be difficult saving the machine because of the fire, but that's
a separate problem.
But the problem is that as you reach in to do that, this shockwave of energy comes off
the machine and all of a sudden it's like the room gets turned upside down.
Oh, we could do cocaine off the ceiling.
His final trick was perfecting the anti-graviton.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, as a mad scientist, yeah, clearly that's what's come to mind.
Yes.
This has managed to reverse the graviton pulse or some shit like that.
Yeah.
All of a sudden you are falling towards the ceiling fast.
Wow.
Wow.
So it was like yours, but cooler.
I wouldn't say that.
What I'd like off all four of you is a jump roll just to see whether you can land on the
ceiling without getting hurt.
Ouchie.
Oh, wait.
I pass a 10 on a 20.
An 0-1 on a 20.
He got an 0-1.
Oh, my God.
Bloody hell.
Yeah.
I mean, you were born to walk on ceilings.
Yes.
I failed a 67 on a 20.
I mean, for a start, you are going to take a big one hit point of damage as you land
awkwardly on the ceiling.
But I would also like a luck roll off Lafayette.
Oh, 36.
Oh, 36 on a 36.
Oh, baby.
The whole day.
So, yes, you managed to avoid damaging your jet pack in the process.
Thank God, Jetty.
Wow.
And, sorry, Mr. Soul failed as well, did he?
Yeah.
I could spend 10 luck, but I only have 15.
Yeah, you take five hit points of damage.
You land far more heavily on the ceiling.
And so this is quite a high ceilinged room.
So you are now 20 feet at least away from the burning machine that is right above you.
I mean, it's maddening.
You know which cable you could pull just to try to deactivate this, but it's way up there.
However, will you get to it?
Well, that might be a problem, Scott, for someone who doesn't have a jet pack.
One, two, three, take away the compliment because you look so fine that I really want to make you mine.
Okay, yeah.
So he jet packs up to there or gives it a go anyway.
I don't think I actually want a pilot role for this because you are basically just flying up a few feet.
It's not like you're being attacked at this stage, and it's not like you're fighting strong winds.
This is fairly basic stuff, so I don't think you need a role for this.
He nimbly maneuvers to the machine in his kick-ass jet pack.
Yeah, I mean, you've seen the wires that you can just rearrange to bypass the damage circuits.
What is your goal here?
Are you trying to restore this part of the machine to functionality, or are you trying to disable it?
I think I'm trying to disable it, but what can I gleam of this machine's function from messing around in its innards?
Give me an engineering role to understand it.
96 on a 90.
No, I'll spend six luck.
I'll spend six luck.
And so, yeah, looking at this, you're fairly certain that it's doing something absolutely amazing.
Something that an idiot like Morden should never have been able to figure out how to do.
It doesn't have a power source per se, that it seems to be somehow pulling ambient energy out of just the fabric of reality itself.
Whoa. Holy shit.
Simply to harvest energy or to power itself for some other end?
It does seem to be what you thought, that it seems to be a device that can broadcast electricity or at least transmit electricity through the air.
Give me an intelligence role as well, just to see whether you can work out something else there.
A pass, 64 on a 75.
Yeah, I mean, the other thing that might occur to you is this is also a bit similar to some of Tesla's weirder designs for death rays.
Can I tell, so is this thing like spitting out energy right now?
I mean, it isn't activated at the moment.
You've managed to restore functionality, so you could switch it all on if you wanted to.
Can I tell where the energy would come out?
Through the aerial.
Well, Harvey, we might be able to repurpose this. I shot this down, I guess, to the ceiling below.
Harvey, we might be able to repurpose this thing as, well, some sort of death ray.
But I'll need you up on the aerial, manning it like a turret gun.
Is the way that the ceiling, now that we're on the ceiling, do I have easier access to it now?
Because it was above the eaves of the window, right?
Yeah, you'd need to clamber down, or rather, clamber up to the window, up from your perspective.
So, yeah, you could jump up and pull yourself up to the window.
I want to try to do that, yeah.
There is this small matter of what happens when you get outside, whether what's happening with gravity is limited to this room or whether you might risk falling off into the sky.
I'm real excited to find out.
At the very least, his goal would be to grab onto the aerial outside there.
Okay.
So if he does end up falling into the sky.
I mean, you could smash your way through what's left of the window really easily. It's quite badly damaged already.
And then, yeah, if you want to try to grab hold of the aerial.
Can I, before I do that, can I take the pocket square out of my tuxedo pocket and just throw it out the window and see where it goes?
Ooh!
Oh, yeah.
Big brain!
Give me a luck roll.
Okay.
That's a fail, a 68 on a 30.
Okay, it floats up into the sky, or falls up into the sky.
Okay, with that knowledge, I'm going to more carefully grab onto the aerial.
Okay, with that knowledge, I'm going to more carefully still continue with the plan.
I want to be able to grab onto the antenna that's on the outside here.
I mean, outside, you can see that the cars have disappeared outside.
And you can just hear the despairing cries of a few people who've gone out the front door and have fallen up into the sky as well.
Holy shit!
This is amazing!
So cool!
But you're clambering out carefully, holding onto the aerial.
Are you trying to break it away from the ball?
I mean, I'm doing what Lafayette told me to do, which was to try and use it and man it like a turret, but I don't know...
Yeah, I mean, it's got a fixed mount on it.
In order to have the freedom of movement to use it like that, you'd probably have to break it away from the ball and move it around or hold it.
You seem like you're built to do that.
Am I able to hold onto the building and the antenna at the same time so that if I do break it free?
You could probably hook your legs around the window and hold on like that.
That's what I want to do. And then I want to try and break the antenna free of the building.
Then what I want is a combined strength and dex roll, so it's whichever one is lower out of the two that you're rolling against.
Okay, I'm rolling on my dex, which is at a 50.
And I got an 0-5.
Oh yeah!
It's an extreme success.
Okay, so yeah, you do. You manage to break this thing off the wall and you are hanging there by your ankles.
Feeling like you're upside down, even though you're looking up into the sky, there are plenty of these buzzing things around you.
What's Lafayette doing at this stage? You can see that Harvey is hanging on outside the window now. You can hear the crunching.
Once I broke it free, I'll yell in something like,
I got it, boss!
Yeah, Lafayette is floating up by the machine and he's nervously watching Harvey do all this.
And he says, alright now Harvey, well if my calculations are correct, this should act as sort of a death ray.
Here goes nothing!
And he flips the switch and turns the thing on.
So as this is happening, what is going on with our two cultists?
Checkers is just like, anytime one of those things flies near him, he's just like running away from it.
But he's kind of just like not really sure what to do and just trying to stay safe.
Okay, and how about Mr. Soul?
Dark Soul is aiming this camera gun lightning bolt shooter action guy at the bugs now that are like still flying around.
Yeah, this doesn't really fall under any weapon skill you might have. It's not a human weapon, so I'll give you the base chance, which is 20%.
Cool.
I rolled a 10.
Holy shit!
So yeah, you are just spraying electric death around this room.
I mean, every now and then when you set fire to a bit of wall or perhaps vaporize one of the serving staff.
But you are on the whole blasting away and killing more bugs than anything else.
I mean, it doesn't help that you can't choose when it fires. You're just pointing and moving it around and hoping.
Do you want to give me a luck roll?
He's just crying again. He's really confused on whether or not this is good.
25 on a 15.
As you're firing around, one of these stray bolts hits Reverend Eye.
He's in the process of just with one fist, smashing one of these insects into an absolute pulp.
And the bolt hits him almost immediately. His clothes are on fire, his hair is on fire, and he just turns around.
His face looks almost inhuman now with the black eyes and the twisted, contorted features.
And he almost seems to ignore the burning of his clothes.
And he marches across the ceiling towards you, his fists raised, murder in his black eyes.
What do you do?
I keep the camera trained on him, hoping for a shock to blast off soon.
As I'm crying, I just say,
I just don't think that you're going to believe that it was an accident and you're just too powerful.
And even though I could learn so much from you, sir, it's just hopefully gonna any second now blast off.
And he's getting closer and closer and the thing hasn't fired off yet. It hasn't fired off.
You just have to, please, sir, please.
And then just as he's about to catch up with you, just as he's about raising his fist ready to do to you what he's done to so many of these flying things,
the gun fires off again and shoots into him and you can see it just blasts a hole through his chest.
And he slumps to the ceiling.
Fuck yeah.
Okay, that one was all me.
Checkers sees this happening and like fires a shot into the dead body.
Okay, yeah, that probably finishes the job off.
Friend.
Master.
I think we're gonna be okay.
I sure hope so. It's all up to him and I point it at Harvey.
Segue.
What's up, everybody? It's Zach. Just want to pop in here real quick to thank you all for listening to the series with Scott Dorward.
It's always such a pleasure to game with Scott and if you haven't checked it out, he also ran a Call of Cthulhu scenario he wrote called Bleak Prospect for us.
It takes place in a Hoover town and it is super spooky.
And if you've been enjoying pretending to be people, please consider supporting us on Patreon.
You immediately gain access to 30 bonus episodes.
We play one-page RPGs, do Q&A sessions, go through session zeros and have a rip-roaringly good time while doing it.
And your financial support means so much to me personally.
I'm the producer, the editor, the social media person, the business boy, everything.
And it's my favorite thing in the world, but I also work a full-time job and have a healthy marriage and I try to keep a decent social life.
I sleep sometimes.
Your support on Patreon allows me to continue to spend a dumb amount of time working on this show.
And I'm down to scale that up if you all are.
So, season two is fast approaching. I don't have a date set yet, but while we do take a short break on the main feed to get season two up and running,
we're going to do a couple live streams for patrons at every level.
Yes, so we will have every single person who is a patron of pretending to be people on Patreon for the live stream, in the chat,
everybody going to get hyped for the new season alongside your monthly dose of the Den of Sin over there at patreon.com slash pretending pod.
So, if you don't already follow us on social media, now's the time to follow at pretending pod to not miss out on what's all happening,
because it's all happening, baby.
And with that, Lafayette flicks the switch and the death ray bursts into life.
Harvey was looking down the end of it to see if it was on.
I think it's totally Cicerad.
So, yeah, you can feel it sparking, bursting into life, and then this almighty arc of power just comes out.
It's only partly visible. It's less that you can see a bolt of light coming out of it and more that it seems to be setting the air around it on fire.
Holy shit.
And, you know, certainly wherever you point it, things seem to be exploding and catching into flames.
I'm aiming it as, I'm just kind of trying to get a feel for it, aiming at things outside the building that are flying around,
just trying to get my feel for the zapiness of it.
Yeah, I mean, it's pretty much a continuous beam, so if you're just swirling around, I mean, it is difficult to aim,
and, you know, these things are, you know, small and fast moving.
On the bright side, your view isn't obscured by snow anymore because the snow seems to be falling up rather than down, but...
Well, I'll tell you what, I'll give you a choice. If you've got a higher firearm skill than Dex, I'll let you use that instead.
I do have higher firearms for both handguns and rifles.
Okay. I say this comes under rifles.
That's a seven.
Okay.
Wow, dude. Wow.
So, I think, yeah, I mean, you are against all the odds, you know, wielding this thing with alarming accuracy,
and, I mean, you're not necessarily shooting every one of these creatures out of the sky,
but you've certainly shot enough of them that the others are fucking right off.
They do not want anything to do with this.
Holy shit.
Fuck yeah.
Well done, Harvey.
Good shooting, chap.
I turn around and look at you guys.
Oh, thanks, guys. Oh, shit.
Fucking half the second story of the house just, like, slides off.
And it sounds like Mr. Soul and Checkers are looking over, joining in all this excitement.
You probably don't notice the sound behind you at first,
but there is this deep, ominous rumbling sound coming from behind you.
What is it?
And as you look around, you can see Reverend Nye's body is thrashing on the ground
and splitting open and something, something is coming out of it.
There is this huge, blackish, red tentacle reaching out, pushing up through the floor.
This huge claw and another huge claw reaching out as if it's lifting itself up through the ruined remains of a body
that is far too small to contain it.
Harvey, quick.
Direct your fire on the beast.
Can I have sanity?
That's a hard fail on that one.
Pass.
Pass.
Oh, my God.
A hundred.
No.
A hundred.
No.
You guys are so dead.
So Harvey takes the maximum sand loss on this because this is a fumble.
Fuck.
So you lose 100 points of sand.
What?
Oh, my God.
Was it a D100?
So that puts me down to 33.
No, I'm just kidding.
This is a D10 D100 sand loss.
So let's roll, then, for Mr. Soul, who also failed, didn't he?
Is that right?
Yeah, I failed.
Oh, no, no, no.
Sorry, I succeeded.
I failed.
So Checkers loses 87 points of sand.
That puts me at three.
Wait, Frugal, you still had 90?
Yep.
Oh, you're a shell of a man.
Oh, man.
Yeah, I mean, you are at least indefinitely insane, but yeah, bloody hell.
And Mr. Soul loses 10 points of sand.
And yeah, can I have an INTELLIGENCE roll to see whether you go into a bat of madness?
61 on a 50.
That is a fail.
OK, so you are not going into a bat of madness, at least.
So that's something.
And then that just leaves Lafayette.
Lafayette loses 9 points of sand.
How much has Lafayette lost in total?
10 total.
OK, and you've got more than 50 sand, haven't you?
Yes.
OK, so yeah, then give me an INTELLIGENCE roll.
7.
So you are having a bat of madness as well.
So basically, the only one of you who's not in a bat of madness at the moment is Mr. Soul.
What's even worse than that is that the person with the death ray hanging outside the window is on zero sand as this huge monster is filling up the room.
I guess I'll leave it down to you guys as to whether you want to play this out in detail or just perhaps cut to a little summary of what horrible things happened to you as a result of this series of rolls.
Let's hear the summary.
I'm down for the summary.
I mean, I think between the fact that you now have a monstrous avatar of Nyarlathotep in your midst who is personally pissed off with each and every one of you and hoist them into little bits, and you have a lunatic with a death ray outside just firing wildly, I cannot see this situation ending well for any of you.
Well, we've faced worse odds.
I think I'll leave it up to each of you, I think, to describe how horribly this ends for you.
So let's go round one by one.
How do you think this ends for Checkers?
Checkers sees this coming out of the ground and then just, he's lost it pretty much, but he looks up at Harvey and just sees nothing in his eyes and like realizes like, oh, we are totally fucked.
He goes to like just shoot himself to end it, but he doesn't have any bullets left, so he just kind of lays down.
Lays down on the ceiling, waiting for death.
And he just kind of tosses the pamphlets around him and he's like, maybe whoever finds me will take over.
And how about Lafayette?
He couldn't spend 30 luck to get out of this, could he?
Yeah.
Wait, how much luck do you have?
30.
Oh, shit.
If you have that much luck left, yeah, let's come back to your last then as potentially the last survivor of the massacre on the mount, as I'm sure the press will call it later.
Then, OK, how about Harvey?
I mean, Harvey obviously is permanently insane, but that shouldn't stop you narrating a little ending for him.
Well, I mean, the thing that sent him into insanity is the tentacles coming out of the floor and it startled him so bad that he fumbles with the death ray and it just goes bobbling all around and it's taken out things and people and stuff he's not meaning to aim at.
And he's still insane.
So once he gets back control of it, he's trying to point it at the tentacle thing.
But maybe one of those errant blasts hit the machine that was powering it on.
Oh, yeah.
So I've got no juice to shoot at this thing.
And it's seeing me as the biggest threat right now.
I assume a tentacle comes out and just grabs a hold of me and does what tentacle things in Cthulhu do.
I'm imagining your dying words are pew, pew, pew.
And how about Mr. Soul as the only sane person at the moment?
Yeah, Dark Soul lets off one more of these camera lightning bolts into this fucking enormous creature beast that is making its way into our dimension here and realizing that it does absolutely fuck all.
Oh, no, no, it does.
It doesn't do fuck all.
It doesn't do fuck all.
It makes it angry.
Ah, yeah.
So once I get its attention and make it upset, then I realize, like, oh, I'm fucked.
This is over.
And so he crouches down at the side of Checkers.
Psychic attack him.
I'll see what I can do, boss.
And he turns back and psychic attack, psychic attack, psychic attack.
And he is thrusting his mind directly into this fucking creature, which the rule book says you can't do.
You can do is I mean, you absolutely thrust your mind into it.
Just don't get your mind back again afterwards.
Your mind is now its chew toy.
That's even worse than your body.
And then, yeah, that just leaves Lafayette.
So how, once the dust and the screaming and the death and the fire and the madness end, how does Lafayette survive all this?
Well, I don't think it has ended by the time he's long gone.
He sees all of his three companions for the evening just, like, meet horrible fates.
He's probably still floating by the controls when the machine gets, like, shot by Harvey.
And at that moment, he just, like, watches in horror as the beast reaches out a tentacle and consumes his man.
As he's watching the building just collapse down around him.
Or up.
Yeah, collapse up around him.
He just sees a hole, through some beams, and jetpacks out of there, spending his last luck to, you know, narrowly get by before the Indiana Jones door closes on him.
He jets away into the night.
And, you know, I think the device has been destroyed, so there's no way of undoing the gravitational reverse that it did.
And I ordinarily would ask you for a luck roll to see what the widespread effect of this is, but you don't have any luck.
So I think as Lafayette flies out over the dawn, over Vermont, you can just see this world that has been changed and reshaped.
Fucking cows and shit floating past me.
Everything that was loose has flown off into the sky.
You're gonna change the world.
You know?
And shall we leave it there?
As Lafayette's jetpack starts sputtering out of fuel.
That was incredible.
Wow!
Thank you so much, Scott. That was amazing.
Has anybody ever tried to use the death ray as a gun?
One group has, but they weren't very successful.
Certainly nowhere near as successful as Harvey was. That was fucking amazing.
Wow.
That was great.
Can I ask a question? If we hadn't fucked up the tower, what was the plan? That the beam would hit that tower and then do what?
Yeah. So the basic plan was that Cicero had built this device, not because he was a decent inventor. He was a really shit inventor, as you word out.
But he'd found this injured amigo at some stage and started, first of all, extorting it to create stuff for him, and then realized that he could just extract its cranial fluid, inject it into himself, and it would boost his own intelligence.
So he started coming up with weird shit like that.
So his plan was just simply to create a device to succeed where Tesla didn't, and wirelessly transmit electricity.
The tower was basically just a big lighthouse, and the idea was that he'd flick a switch and demonstrate to everyone that there weren't any power sources up in the tower, and yet that light would suddenly beam with an incredibly bright wattage.
But obviously it all went a bit wrong.
I was going to say, that's pretty mundane. That's pretty dope. That's pretty standard cool.
Yeah. I mean, unbeknownst to him, Nyarlathotep had taken an interest in his work and was encouraging him along, because with World War II and the offing, he decided that what would really help World War II would be if people had death rays.
And so he was really keen on getting Cicero's invention out there into the world, just in time to turn the battlefields into killing fields.
You kind of wrecked all that, but you did wipe out most of humanity, so you win some, you lose some.
Yeah, anyone who wasn't in a basement.
What was the deal with the preacher, the Reverend?
The Reverend was an avatar of Nyarlathotep. He was basically a human avatar of Nyarlathotep, who was there just, I mean, he was the one who was going around mind-controlling people just to try to make sure that they got the good word out to the world and bigged up Cicero's invention.
Gotcha. Incredible.

Absolutely incredible.
Scott, you knocked it out of the park again for us.
Thank you so much, dude.

I've been looking forward to this for a while now, and it lived up to it. I've had so much fun.
I'm glad you enjoyed it. I had an absolute blast running it.
Yeah.
And yes, I did laugh.
For those of you who have yet to check out Scott's other stuff, you can find The Good Friends of Jackson Elias everywhere that you find podcasts.
It is an incredible podcast about horror gaming, role-playing, and horror gaming in general, and horror gaming in general.
Yeah, that too.
Did I get that?
Concise to the point.
We also talk about horror films and weird fiction, but yeah, it's mostly horror gaming.
It's a solid podcast. It's one of my go-to weeklies. I'm a huge fan, so check that out.
Thank you.
And you can go back if you haven't listened to it already, The Bleak Prospect that you ran for us a year and a half, two years ago.
Yeah, it is extremely good. That's why you're the only person we've brought back.
Eat it, David Winters.
I shall rub that in everyone else's faces.
There you go.
Well, I look forward to hopefully playing with you on the TV again, sir.
Oh, marvelous. Oh God, you were going to take a picture of that, weren't you?
Yes, we need to take a group picture now.
Oh, fuck.
I didn't know that the wind could sew
The tissue and faggot bone
You were hollow and you spoke to me
Hollow and you said
I thought you might be starving
So I gave you everything
Thorns and rocks and devil's claw
Briers and dried red clay
Crocus blossoms in February
And I live in May
Time between a mother's fingers
And spit off of a bridge
Restless legs at 3 p.m.
While waiting for a fix
And I live in May
Time between a mother's fingers
And spit off of a bridge
Restless legs at 3 p.m.
While waiting for a fix
And I live in May
Time between a mother's fingers
So come back here and see what's left of me
Is this the wholesome girl you left in Missouri?
My voice is nothing now
But the howl of the wind
Come closer dear in my teeth
Better in my jaw
Come closer dear in my teeth
Better in my jaw
