Rub, rub, rub, rub that magic lamp, baby.
Rub it up real nice.
Oh shit, I'm coming on out.
It's your gin who's hooked on gin
as long as it's made in a bathtub.
I'm your fermented genie wolf the dog.
And I'm granting you three wishes
as long as they're all about me and giving me cool stuff.
I'm getting rubbed on live here
over on 694.2 PTBP, my babies.
Do y'all think if you fed a cow enough paromchaun cheese
it would make some kind of Alfredo
come out those long milk skin tubes it's got on its tummy?
If you can help, please send answers
to this very serious inquiry
to at pretending pod on Twitter
or at pretending pod on Instagram
or tag us on Facebook as pretending to be people.
We here at 694.2 PTBP love getting to know our wolf pups
on the old internet.
So throw us a follow, a like, a retweet, a doggy treat,
and then join us in the subreddit r slash pretending
to be people and hop on into the discord
to hang, talk theories, and play games with other listeners.
It's a fucking sweetheart of a community.
There's links to all this shit in the show notes
and you know what would just be the swellest.
Swing on into Apple Podcasts and write up a five star review.
If it's truly spicy, your Wolfie might read it here on air.
Like I'm reading this one here from Ford Beeblebrox
titled You Should Probably Seek Therapy.
They write, the game is Delta Green, mostly.
The cast are humans, mostly.
The jokes are funny, five out of five.
After listening to this show, I'm not entirely certain
that I'm sane anymore though.
Do I need to talk to my dog more often?
Have I been to this bar before?
Is one of my eyeballs made of metal?
I don't wanna poke myself in the eye to find out,
but well, sanity has its limits.
Kind of a one way street, that one.
Anyway, if you want a story that is stupidly hilarious
while still being spooky, this is the one.
Start at episode one and just go forward, but seek therapy.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Thank you, Ford Beeblebrox.
Don't panic, but make sure y'all always remember
to bring a towel because this show is very messy.
I give the review a 42 out of 42 stars, my babies.
For those insatiable garbage hounds out there
with the delicious luxury of financial stability,
you can support the show on patreon.com slash pretendinpod
and instantly access 11 bonus episodes,
the most recent of which is part one
of our playthrough of Lover in the Ice,
a legitimately nasty scenario for Delta Green.
Even I think that shit's nasty.
You know who I am.
This scenario was chosen by popular vote
in a poll exclusive to our patrons,
wherein y'all pups proved the filthy apple
doesn't fall too far from this fucking obscene tree.
Remember, y'all, hit up our Twitch
for some good video game and chill times.
I don't know what a video game is,
but I hear they're pretty fun.
Apparently, Justin has been doing some prime hang time
with the community there Tuesday and Thursday evenings,
chatting with y'all and such,
twitch.tv slash pretendinpodstreams.
Now, put your stress in suspension.
Give in to the ooze.
Decompress and contention and embrace the news.
The town of contention is very, very different.
There was a roadblock at the exit.
There are man-made puddles all over the place.
The town is quiet.
A massive wall of water filled with fish
surrounds the campus of the First Church of Contention.
In response, John Lee Bettymore the Thirth
just repeatedly slapped Keith's dad's watch
on wrist after wrist in an attempt
to gain as much information as possible.
One of those visions brought the name Silas Cole
back into the story.
Silas Cole was one of the founders of contention.
In his speech at his daughter's funeral,
Stan Manstein claimed.
My daughter was kind, hardworking, and good every time.
She was those things when she was a police officer.
She was those things when she was a school teacher.
She was those things when she was a historian.
You see, one long time ago when this land was stolen
and pioneer towns began to form,
Silas Cole was a miner in the mine
that employed the town nearby of contention.
While down in the mines,
Silas Cole came upon an odd black substance
and he became obsessed with studying it.
The substance was invisible to others, but not to Cole.
Exploiting the substance's wrong qualities,
he became an inventor and made so much money
off of his inventions that he bought the mine.
He built an office on the top floor
of the tall, skinny mining company building
that sat right above the mine itself.
He began to harvest the residue
and acquired a much firmer grasp on its tendencies.
He invented wild, magical things.
Each new invention brought him wealth and power,
but also released more of this inky substance into the town.
To divert his raising paranoia,
he began looking for a partner.
He found a similarly intelligent engineer
in his wife, Mary Cole, who could also see the substance
as they began calling residue.
But Silas Cole was scared of their inventions.
He became paranoid that other people could see the residue
that was loose all over the town.
Consumed, he believed the town was plotting against him,
so he began kidnapping people he suspected knew too much.
The town was suspicious of the disappearances,
but most of the ones gone were bad people.
The whole saloon staff, the bartender, Miss Kitty,
the piano player, there's a few gamblers,
the town drunk, so they kept their heads down
and went about their business.
But then some good people disappeared,
a professor, a circuit judge, a rancher, a homesteader,
the homesteader's wife, then the preacher disappeared.
The town freaked out and they hired a roaming cowboy
named Cornelius Beans to kill
their weird, paranoid figurehead.
Silas and Mary Cole were never seen again.
Neither was Cornelius Beans.
That was the history of contention,
when my daughter's name was Mia or Leah or Micah or Ben,
but her name is Ari forever now,
and our history is different.
Mine is now definite.
Before they could continue binge-watching,
Keith heard the voice of Terrence Licker
threateningly holler at Randy Anx
from an idling truck about a block away.
Keith has beef.
Tea Licker owes him three fucking dollars.
At Randy's, John found his cousin, Jimmy,
a bit off his rocker in a truck bed
that's been puddle-teamed,
and Clark saw Randy through the window
being held down by a man in cahoots with Terrence Licker.
Keith just grabbed the keys
from out of the truck's ignition,
tipping off the opposition,
delivering us now to a scene
that puts the tension in contention.
It's kudzu with no back bone.
Hello, everyone, and welcome to Pretending to Be People.
We are on episode 80.
My name is Zach, and I am the one leading you
through this adventure with my words,
just painting pictures of scenes
that you are then forced to see inside of your own mind,
and helping me concoct these very, very logical
and easy-to-follow stories are my three...
...e...
...best friends.
Thanks for having us. Oh, this is really awkward.
We are three best friends,
but we're not best friends with you.
Yes! Yeah, we're all three best friends.
No, no, no, like the three of us.
The three of us are best friends.
He owns us, so we're his.
No, but we've done, like, his three best friends.
I definitely have three best friends here, for sure.
Yeah, exactly, is what we're trying to say,
but every time we get together with you,
you're like, I've got these stories to tell.
You have to play in them, and it's like, God,
sometimes I just want to fucking tell you about my day.
Anyway, that's why you're not top three.
Oh, that's a really good point, Thomas.
Tell me about your day.
Oh, well, it's...
I fucking got you.
I don't consider you one of my best friends,
so I don't want to share that.
It's 2020, Thomas, tell me about your day.
What?
Tell me about your day.
It rained today.
It did rain all day.
My dog got muddy, and I gave her a bath.
I had to wipe my dog's paws off when he came inside,
but he didn't get muddy.
I let my dog run around outside for an hour,
and she rolled in mud.
I said, you know what?
Have your fun.
I let Joe outside, but his feet were dry as fuck
when he came back in.
It's a thing that they do.
They're so dry.
They just auto dry.
Joe, I so enjoy our walks.
I do too.
Sometimes you let me off the leash.
Until you attack families.
I just get excited.
I've just been picturing Joe this whole time.
On all fours.
Yeah, but like smiling, like smile growling.
Hey, so everybody keeping it together during quarantine?
Nope.
All right.
It's hard to
get anything done.
I'm having a difficult time focusing on anything.
You guys, do you guys feel my, feel it?
Have you tried staying up until like five or six
in the morning and then waking up after noon,
quite a bit after noon?
You know what?
I have.
That's how I tried.
That was the first thing I tried, yeah.
The cool thing that happens with me
is that my sleep schedule seems to just like rotate
throughout the week as if it's completely divorced
from the rotation of our own planet.
So one day a week for sure I'll be up till five
and then that kind of shifts.
Sometimes I go to bed at 7 p.m. and then wake up at 5 a.m.
and then other times it's the opposite.
Yeah, my vices are pushing me basically
like wholeheartedly at this point.
They've taken the reins on when I sleep.
So it's purely caffeine and weed,
just like back and forth and back and forth
until I am either awake and able to do stuff
like freak out or asleep.
I've been huffing paint to go to sleep.
Congrats, man.
I'm really proud of you.
I ran out of glue, so.
Gotta graduate.
I don't know which one I prefer, honestly.
I prefer Glue, Luke.
Glue.
Glue.
Paint Luke is a little edgy.
You don't like my silver goatee?
Five years.
It doesn't feel like it's been five years
since Fairy Road came out, but it has been
and that's what we're talking about for this whole hour
here on Pretending to Be People.
Oh, that'd be fucking awesome.
I would do that.
Half decade anniversary of one of the greatest
action movies ever made.
Did it really come out five years ago?
Damn.
I saw it in IMAX.
It blew my mind.
I saw it three times in theaters.
I saw it twice in theaters.
The second time was someone who I dated
for nearly two years, but I shouldn't have
because at the start of our relationship
we saw Fury Road and she was like, I fucking hated that.
Yeah, you should have known to hop out
right then and there, but if you had,
we wouldn't be friends, so I'm glad that you stuck around.
Sorry and thanks.
I can't imagine that she would
much less make it 80 episodes.
Every time I worry about saying something,
A, they're not gonna listen to it this far in
and B, if they just decided to like listen
to episode 80 for some reason,
if they make it all the way through Wolf the Dog
not knowing what the fuck is going on,
then they deserve to hear what I think about it.
Who are you thinking about in particular right now
that you wanna just say like fuck you two
or like something bad about him?
My dad, I love him so much that it's just like,
you know when you love someone so much,
you know when you're like.
Fuck you, dad.
C, Thomas, when a boy loves his father.
Very much.
Do you guys wanna play some role playing?
I wanna hear more about the dads and the Bs.
You fuck your dad and make a mom.
Where do mommies come from?
When a son loves a father very much.
Yes, we here at Pretending to Be People
are very tolerant, even encouraging of behavior
far past that that is recognized as appropriate.
Hold on, encouraging?
Oh yeah, no, I just misspoke terribly just now.
Not when I'm in it all.
Listen, we here at PTBP defend your right
to fuck your dad.
Consensually.
In the pursuit of a mom.
Right. Exactly.
Okay, so now that we're all on the same page.
We're pro mom.
As it says in Ecclesiastes 4.16.
Fuck your dad.
In the pursuit of your mom.
Yes.
John Lee Pettymore the third is standing
on the driveway of Randy Angst's home.
He's staring into the bed of a truck
that is made into a puddle that is teaming with fish
and also not so much teaming, but consisting of a body
that it belongs to Jimmy Sanders.
However, the mind of Jimmy Sanders,
it is unsure of whether or not he is still in there
because he is not acting himself.
When he saw John Lee Pettymore the third,
he dove into this water around the side of the car,
standing there with holding the keys.
They were just in the ignition of this truck
is Keith Vigna.
And standing outside the side of the house,
looking in the window is Clark Bishop.
You notice that this man, this burly as fuck,
five foot four, rocky sweat suit wearing motherfucker.
You know him as Fade.
It's a nickname.
His name is Luca Fajevic, but everybody calls him Fade.
Shout out.
Luke was like, what'd you call me?
Shout out to Lucas from Connecticut,
one of our patrons who is at the $10 level,
which is called the honorary police officers.
And he submitted Luca Fade Fajevic as his MPC.
Luca Fade Fajevic and Terrence Licker
are standing over Randy Angst.
And Randy Angst is face down in his own carpet
wearing a fancy blue suit.
And to the right of him, there's a cane.
You'd remember that Randy Angst uses a cane to get around,
so it's not necessarily great.
You do see this cane next to him
has a big Rubik's Cube on the top.
Standing right behind Luca Fade Fajevic
is T. Licker, Terrence Licker,
famed beef-haver with Keith Bigna.
Beef house.
I smell like beef.
He says, all right there, Randy.
We just need to get you on out there.
We need bodies and you know we need them.
And you know, if you want things to go back,
if you want back to where it used to be,
then you can have it, you know?
And the truck engine outside stops.
It's combat order time, and I say combat order,
but what I really mean is initiative.
And therefore, we will begin as we always do
with Clark Bishop.
Do they see me?
Wait, do we have said initiative?
The initiative in Delta Green is based on dexterity
and therefore it should be Clark Bishop,
then Keith Bigna, then John Lee Pettymore, I believe.
Mine is a default 55,
but I think if I've annotated this right,
that's minus 10 for my robot abilities, so 45.
I'm at 60.
And Clark Bishop has a talent that lets him go first
at the beginning of any combat.
And because I like to make things easy on myself,
it always goes PCs, then NPCs, then back to the PCs.
So you guys get to begin first.
Clark Bishop, what are you doing?
They heard the car stop.
Do they look up and see me or where do they look?
They look to the front of the house.
They do not see you.
When we were approaching the house,
I assumed there was a back door on this place.
I'm gonna try sneaking my way back to the back door.
Okay, Keith Bigna, what are you doing?
I wanna search the console and the truck
and see if there's anything in there.
Okay, real search.
What are you looking for?
He asked right as you crit.
Everything you have.
I'm just looking in there to see what's in there,
but mostly I'm looking for money,
specifically at least $3
and any weapons that might be in there.
I know that you critically succeeded,
but there's no chance that there's money in there
because that'll be so much more fun to role play out later.
So if you're looking for weapons.
I don't know, it'd be pretty fucking funny
if Keith finds three bucks in that guy's center console
and then comes in like, the debt is settled
and he has no fucking clue what Keith's talking about.
Make it so.
That's what the bald man says, right?
Yeah, zero, zero.
If I roll a zero, that's a critical failure, right?
That's 100?
That's 100.
Yeah.
Good thing I just rolled that idly.
I need to stop doing that.
I know, I don't know.
Luke, what do you want?
I mean, I don't know.
Give me something cool.
Oh, okay, yeah, no, sorry.
You open up the glove box and I will ask Joe and Thomas
to take your headphones off.
Luke, when Keith Vigna reaches into the console
and opens it, there is a piece of paper,
standard, eight and a half by 11, folded four times,
and when you unfold it, it is a picture of you,
Keith Vigna, handwritten underneath it.
It says, bring alive.
Oh shit.
You also find a mag light.
Okay.
Like one of those long, hefty mag lights,
so now you've got like a legit flashlight
as well as basically a lead pipe as far as.
Tight, tight.
You can do some serious damage with the guy.
Okey-doke.
I found an atom bomb.
Actually, we're trying to go more woke.
It's an Eve bomb.
What's that?
Oh shit.
So I hit the red button and I explode the atom bomb.
Thomas, John Lee Pettymore, what are you doing?
Yeah, probably dying if Luke blows up the atom bomb.
I asked him what he wanted.
No, no, I'm fishing around in the truck bed
trying to pull Jimmy Sanders out of the water.
Yeah, okay.
As you grab onto his arm, he kind of surfaces
and he's like.
I gave him two big slaps.
Two big slaps?
Okay, roll unarmed combat.
Okay, 87.
I pass with a 32.
Nope, I failed.
He dodges out of the way of both slaps
and dives back underneath the water
as you hear the front door open.
I turn to look at that.
You see, Luka Fajevic, this super burly,
quite short, wide dude comes out,
these bright white teeth looking like Rocky.
He comes out first and he has got a crowbar in his hand.
Hey, who the fuck?
And he looks and he, of course,
he sees Keith Vigna inside of the truck
and he sees John Lee Pettymore III standing in the driveway.
Oh, Terrence, Terrence, hey man, get over here.
We found him.
He came to us.
He's just right here.
Let's fucking get him.
And Fajevic is coming straight for you and he is.
He's walking here.
And Terrence Liger is following behind
but does not seem to have any sort of weapon
in his hand currently.
Keith motherfucking beans, you piece of shit.
And he comes out and he's reaching behind him currently
in his back pocket.
Clark Bishop, it is your turn
and you are walking in the back door currently.
I wanna get to Randy.
Is he still on the ground?
Oh, God, yes.
We're here to help you.
We're here to help you.
Hang on.
Yes, shh.
Find cover, find cover.
I wanna kind of walk past him to the front.
I mean, I'm sneaking up on the guys.
You can do that.
He's gonna crawl into his fireplace.
Does it smell like Randy shit his pants?
Oh, no.
And the house just reeks of,
it's like the heat is turned up super, super high
because it is pretty cold out today.
It's been a temperate December so far
but this is certainly the coldest it's been,
mostly so that the animals would have somewhere
to be for a while and I could really get that plot going.
But, so as it's gotten much colder,
Randy has got the heat turned way up.
So it's like that thing where you fart in the shower
and the heat just like keeps it down.
What?
Do you not know what I'm talking about?
I know what you're talking about.
What do you mean keeps it down?
It keeps it down.
Like permeates it.
Keeps it down wasn't really the right-
No, cause like heat rises and farts are heat.
You're saying you fart up the whole shower
and it keeps it in there.
Yeah, because like the steam is sitting on top of the fart
cause the fart can't make it through the steam, right?
And so the fart is just like where your head is
cause the steam's right above that.
Where's your head at in your farts, in your fart?
No, that doesn't happen to me when I fart in the shower.
Whatever loser.
All right, so you guys are,
Randy Yanks' house smells like shit cause it's hot fart.
Farting out so many shit particles
that they're able to attach to like the water droplets
and permeate the air.
Well, I'm not going to poop before I get in the shower.
I'm not saying you should, but,
oh wait, actually you should.
There's nothing worse than-
There's literally, it's the worst feeling on earth.
The humid after shower shit.
Getting a hot shower, taking a shit
and just having the toilet paper just soggy and-
Oh my God.
Oh God.
Just poop in the shower.
And then you take another shower.
Yep, a minute second shower.
And cheese grate it.
Just smash it down.
Is that where you just stomp it?
Oh yeah, I knew it had a name.
Pour some shampoo on it to clean it.
Pour some shampoo on it.
Thomas is here for these songs.
Dang, I love it.
I can't wait until we're all in one room
and we can sing together.
Oh my God, I miss it.
Smells like shit in this house.
Keith Vigna, it's your turn.
I help Randy into the fireplace and I say,
dude, it smells like a shower fart in here.
I'm so sorry, it's just that the heat is pushing it down.
Joe, real fucking talk,
does it happen to you in the shower?
I don't know the science behind it, but yes, it does.
Yes, I feel like when I fart in the shower, I get nothing.
Like it dissipates better.
When we're in the shower together.
Oh yeah, when we're all pressed together, then yeah.
Like obviously, right.
I also can't wait until we're all in one room to do that.
Right, that's how we usually record
all naked together in a shower.
It's just the audio quality is so much better.
Well, I mean, that's the work you put in
to take the shower sounds out of each track.
And I know that takes you roughly 72 hours per track.
It's a lot of music and rubber ducky in the background.
You got to edit all that out.
That's the work that goes into each podcast, y'all,
before this horrible quarantine situation
where we can't shower and record together anymore.
Heartbreaking is what I would call that.
Fartbreaking.
Honestly, we have it the worst.
Keith Vigna, you are...
That was a good one.
Keith, you're in the cab of this truck
as these two men walk outside.
What do you do?
I see them, I jump out of the truck,
I get my gun, and I yell,
don't come any closer, I'll shoot.
And when the camera pans back to me,
I've got the gun up to my own head.
Yes!
Chomp, chomping right there.
Hell yes, hell yes.
Oh, you get 10 luck.
Hell yeah.
Nice, hell yeah.
Thomas, do the same thing.
He puts the watch on.
I put my gun to Keith's head.
Okay, John Lee, Betty Moore III, what are you doing?
Trevor, Trevor is his name?
Nope, Terrence.
Terrence, Terrence.
You've known this guy for years.
Yeah, John has.
You've heard me talk about him forever.
Terrence has his hand on his gun, right?
But the other guy does not.
The other guy's holding a crowbar.
Oh yeah, I just start firing at them,
trying to suppress them and get them back into the house.
Okay, roll firearms and who are you firing at?
Both of them or are you just doing suppressing fire?
Are you actually trying to hit somebody?
Crowbar guy.
Fade.
I wanna leave the other one for Luke.
Very kind.
That's just good storytelling right there.
That's friendship storytelling.
It's like it would be smarter
to take out the guy with the gun, but.
Yeah, probably.
47 on a six D.
Roll a D 10.
Three.
All right, three will be a shoulder hit
as John Lee Pettymore pulls his firearm
and hits Luca Fade Fudgevitz right in the shoulder.
Hands off your fucking gun, drop the crowbar.
So you fire at him while yelling that
and this just like jacked dude.
You know Fade is the guy who has just been like
hanging out on his front lawn for the past like four years,
only doing like arm day.
Like he only gives a fuck about his upper body.
So he's got these little chicken legs now,
whereas you know, like when he was younger,
he used to be like a bodybuilder
and now he's just given up on his legs.
He's got this massive upper body
and as soon as you shoot him in the shoulder,
he drops the crowbar and he's like,
ow, ow, what the fuck, man?
They didn't know he couldn't do that, man.
Luca, are you just that nice, man?
It's just Fade, it's me, man.
Fade, I'm sorry about your sick lats,
but you're coming at some police officers.
You gotta put those weapons down.
I know, you're police officers, what?
And he like slumps up against the garage,
like backs into the garage
and then slumps down the white garage door,
leaving a trail of red as he like hits his butt
on the concrete below and he's like,
man, we just want Keith, man.
This is my voice now forever, man.
Keith's with us.
And as you say Keith's with us,
Terrence Licker holds his gun at his head.
Keith, Vigna, you think you can play mind games with me?
You think you were here about the smartest man in town,
but I think otherwise with Anya, for sure.
Terrence, is his back to the door?
It is.
I wanna sneak up and wrestle away the gun from him,
from behind him.
I feel like I should get some kind of advantage on that.
He doesn't know I'm in there.
He doesn't know I'm in there.
He's got it up against his head.
So how are you doing that?
Pulling his arm backwards
so it's gonna hurt his arm some
and get the gun pointed not at his head.
And I'm trying to get it out of his hand.
I'm trying to take it for my own.
I'll give you an option.
I will either let you do this
if you can pass a stealth check
or I'll just give you a bonus on your unarmed combat.
I'll take the bonus on the unarmed.
Okay, so he'll roll against you on that.
Go ahead and roll that unarmed combat.
What's my bonus?
Oh, you get a plus 20.
You sure it's not plus 30, right?
So as you go to grab this guy's gun,
his hands go straight up in the air, the gun fires,
and then the gun falls to the ground
out of the reach of either one of you.
It flings itself as it's firing up out of your hands
and you two are just standing right outside the front door
almost to the driveway of Randy Angst's home,
gun 10 feet away in the grass.
Keith Vigna.
I want to run at him with the mag light
and try to whack him in the head.
Yeah, yeah, okay.
Actually, so he crit failed with a 99.
Okay, do I need to roll anything?
Yeah, go ahead and roll.
Melee weapons.
An eight on a 30.
Hell yeah, tweet.
So basically whatever you want to happen
can happen here close to it.
As the scuffle's going on or whatever,
the gun goes off, I holster my gun,
grab the flashlight from the front seat,
run over to him and just like right in the teeth,
hit him with the mag light.
Oof, roll a D6.
Three.
You shoot him in the shoulder.
It's a joke about how three damage did that earlier.
Fucking nailed it.
Trust it in.
So you hit him right in the mouth
and two teeth go flying as he hits the ground.
Clark, he is like pushed into you by this movement
and you are now in between him and the gun
and he is now prone on the ground, bleeding from his mouth.
Luka Fajevic's fade is also on the ground
with a gunshot wound in his shoulder bleeding
and Thomas is taking off his robe.
All right, there it is.
Oh, Luke is going shirtless as well.
Here we go.
I like the beanie with the shirtless look, Thomas.
It's a good combo there.
Thank you, it's cold in my house.
Oh.
You guys both have great nips.
Thanks.
Am I allowed to say that?
No.
Oh, okay.
Luke, you've got great nips.
It's an invasion of my privacy.
Stop looking at me.
I have no idea where I was.
Oh no, did our distraction work?
Well, it's not like the NPCs were destroying you guys
so you were trying to distract me.
You've got this easily in hand, I believe, at this point.
Oh, I know, it's just late.
It is John Lee Pettymore's turn.
And obviously, John Lee Pettymore knows
exactly what's going on
because he wasn't wasting his time Zoom stripping.
You're good at that, by the way.
You might want to talk to Terrence Licker.
So, John Lee Pettymore,
you are looking at Luka Fade Fajevic
who is bleeding up against the garage.
You are looking at Keith Vigna
who just took a mag light to the face of Terrence Licker
who is now ass grounded.
And you see Clark Bishop just to the right of them.
Yes, I said ass grounded.
And Clark Bishop is standing to the right of them,
almost in the neighbor's yard at this point.
But you guys are all just around this
front of the house area and it is your turn currently.
All right, so gun drawn.
Don't move a fucking muscle, you're under arrest.
He's not even a cop.
I don't even think that one's a cop.
It's complicated, but I am.
You're under arrest.
None of y'all wearing police uniform.
Are you not even on duty?
You ain't been around, the world is different.
I shoot him in the leg.
No, I don't, dude, I don't actually.
So, okay, so he draws his gun and he says all that
and he's like, I am a cop.
Damn it.
All right, John Lee Pettymore's having like a breakdown
in the driveway, you cannot figure out what's going on.
Shut up, that's not what happens.
I'm such a strong man, why have I maimed him?
All right, I'm advancing on them with my gun drawn.
You're under arrest.
For real, I'm a cop.
Luca is the one closest to you and he's looking up at you
from the ground up against the garage.
Hey, hey, who are you?
A cop, god damn.
What, you're under arrest.
What are you doing with this Keith Wigner fella?
He's a cop too.
Yeah, but you weren't a cop here before.
I don't have time to explain any of this to you.
I am ball, motherfucker.
I slap him across the face and I handcuff him.
Okay, so here's a pretty decent issue.
You don't have any handcuffs.
Don't I?
No, you don't.
You used your handcuffs on the body of Drew Andrews.
That's right.
No, no, no, no, no, those were Clark's handcuffs.
Yes.
But I don't know if you would have any.
Didn't you give me feet and hand shackles
because we said that that's what cops would use in the 70s?
Yeah.
But John Lee Pettymore is in the body of Kevin
who is in all black tactical gear
who has a lot of cool stuff,
probably like a silencer and like a laser sight
and like glow in the dark.
Some handcuffs.
Use laser cuffs on him.
Okay, okay.
If I'm fully like tactical, like survival loaded out,
I zip tie him.
There it is.
I just needed you to think.
Fuck off.
Ah!
All right.
It's late.
As you zip tie his hands,
I need whoever has the best alertness or alertness.
I got a 70.
Clark has the bishop it is.
Fuck me, a 73.
I don't know if I've passed a role
like in the last two episodes.
Don't worry.
I'm helping the podcast and the storyteller.
We're like out of combat essentially at this point.
Well, I'm gonna go pick up his gun.
Okay, yeah, done.
Yeah, I go over to him.
Is he face down or face up?
Clark, the gun is a little revolver, snub nose fella.
And Luke Terence is face up, ass grounded.
I go over to him and I just kind of like kick him
with my foot and like shove him over,
like roll him over to where he's on his stomach.
I reach in to his back pocket and grab his wallet
and look inside.
Hey, hey man, there ain't no need to do that.
What do I see inside the wallet?
Inside Terence Licker's wallet.
You know, he's got a punch card for Subtropolis
and he's got his ID and he's got a few credit cards,
like four or five credit cards, no debit card,
no library card, certainly not.
However, he's in Mensa.
So he's got a little Mensa ID card.
Does he have any cash on him?
Cash?
Go ahead and roll, roll a D20
to see how many dollars are in here.
Times 1000.
$13.
$13,000.
So he's got a $5 bill and an $8 bill.
No, 13 works out perfectly for you.
I open it up, I see there's 13 bucks in there.
I take the three ones, like hold it down by his face
and I'm like, we're even now.
And I like take the $10 bill and like rip it up
in front of him and then stick the $3 in my pocket.
I look at the guys, I'm like,
should we go to the pond now?
I'm glad you said that in front of these people.
Keith, it seems like maybe more to the mystery.
Yeah, sorry, I just, I kinda had.
I think we might be able to unravel some more right here.
You know, I focused in on the pond
and then I focused in on my getting even with this guy.
Sure, sure, I understand the $3 was your objective
and as soon as that was complete,
you're like, let's go, I get it.
Once I kinda like get my bearings back,
I look down at Terrence, hey,
if you can still talk without your teeth,
what's up with the bodies, why do you have this?
And I show him the picture of me that I found in his truck.
You son of a bitch, I ain't talking shit to you.
Please, now you say that.
I mean, you can roll.
Torture.
There are torture rules in the Delta Green handbook.
Of course there are, it's Delta Green.
Yeah, it's very legitimate and it uses willpower.
You don't know them offhand,
you fucking incompetent keeper.
Oh, we don't play Delta Green.
I know.
And so, Luke, you need to roll
either some sort of persuade or law.
Okay, I got a pretty good persuade.
Or you can go psychotherapy
if you wanna like try to turn a mind for it.
I got a four on a 70.
I ain't talking to you, I ain't giving you shit.
I wad up the picture of me and I'm like,
well, if you're not gonna talk
and I like shove it into his mouth.
Can I like talk now?
Okay, yeah, I'll talk now.
I didn't like having you inside my mouth.
Nobody does.
Hey, did we take that little bit of carpet
that we were shoving down Drew's throat
to see where people were?
I can't imagine that you didn't take it.
I mean, maybe it works on any throat.
We could just find out whatever we want.
Jesus, keep that in the back pocket.
Between that and the watch,
we've broken your game wide open, Zach.
I gave it to you.
Use it.
So he spits it out.
Am I gonna have to keep going?
No, I told you I had talked to you now.
What do you want?
We're supposed to find you.
What are you doing here?
We're collecting.
What are you doing here?
Why do you have a picture of me?
And what's this with the bodies and disappearing?
Yeah, what do you want with Randy?
Okay, the last question
and the first question are the same.
So I will say that we're collecting.
We need more bodies.
Daddy needs more bodies.
For what?
I don't know if you've noticed,
but the world is completely off its filter
and daddy's gonna make everything better.
How's he gonna do that with bodies?
He's gonna go back.
He's gonna make everything better.
Do the bodies get to live after you're done with them?
Well, yeah, of course.
Everything's gonna go back to normal.
We're gonna go back to normal.
How are you, hold on, how are you using these bodies?
Well, we gotta sacrifice all these bodies
so that daddy can go back
and make sure everything's normal from here on out, right?
So if he goes back and fixes everything,
then it won't be this way now.
You damn fool.
Daddy doesn't wanna take things back to the way they were.
Who the fuck are you?
Daddy wants to consolidate his power.
I'd like to walk up now and say,
you keep saying go back.
What do you mean by daddy wants to go back?
In time.
He's doing this with a sacrifice?
Well, if we have enough bodies,
we'll be able to make it happen.
Did daddy explain this to you
or is this something that you've learned recently?
How do you know about how this is gonna work?
Daddy explained it to everyone
and everyone at the First Creek family of contention knows
we need more bodies so that we can do the sacrifice
so that daddy can go back and fix everything.
You willing to sacrifice your body?
How many bodies you're gonna need?
No, I'm just a collector.
How many have you got?
Me?
I'm not winning.
But-
He incentivized it into some kind of competition?
Well, of course you're not gonna collect
without a competition.
What do you win? What does winner get?
Winning gets whatever they want.
What do the losers get?
Well, the losers still fought the family
so ain't nobody really a loser.
But do they have to give their bodies?
Everybody giving their body, we all gonna die.
We're all dying anyway.
There ain't no living here.
Have you seen contention?
There ain't no living here.
The only change we have having a real life is going back
and daddy can go back and fix everything.
If you don't wanna be a part of it,
you need to go get on out of here,
but we need to keep Keith
because Keith is the key that's going back.
Expand on that.
Daddy needs Keith.
So you just believe everything daddy tells you.
And John, you look down, Clark, you look down as well,
you see this piece of paper that he spit out
that Keith Vigna shoved into his mouth
is a picture of Keith Vigna.
And below it, it says whatever I said earlier,
but I'm gonna say, collect alive.
I shoved the piece of carpet sample into his mouth
and I say, daddy.
What the fuck was that?
And his eyes get real big
and then he starts squirming, horrified.
He is extremely, extremely scared
of John Lee Pettymore the third.
When he looks up and sees John Lee Pettymore
after John shoves this piece of carpet into his throat,
he freaks out and he's like, you're one of them.
How did you get, you're one of them.
It's in you, it's in you.
See, I think it's in you.
I think it's in all of you.
What are you doing with Jimmy?
As you say that, you hear like a little splash
and Jimmy Sanders with his long unkempt hippie hair
does the like Bond girl fling out of the water
that's in the back of this truck and looks over at you.
Hey, number six, you know, extra cucumber.
It's not an oil spill, it lives here now.
That's basically how Jimmy was before all this.
So that's not, you know.
Look at Terrence, are you using him to see the stuff?
Oh yeah, of course we are.
Right, because they use children and crazy people.
Good job, Luke.
Jimmy, do you see it on us?
Oh, and you can't even approach Jimmy
without him dipping into the water.
As if he sees goo everywhere.
No, it's specifically when he's looking at you
and I need you to roll sanity.
Me? Yes.
Thomas, John is so fucked up that your cousin
just keeps dunking his head in this water.
Dude, 28 on a 25.
Oh, you just lose one.
But Luke and Joe, if you could take off
your headphones real quick.
Hey, Thomas.
You just lose one sanity.
However, you approached Jimmy Sanders
who immediately like looks you in the face,
gets extremely scared and then dips into the water
and as you're turning back,
you catch a reflection of yourself
in the shotgun side mirror of this truck
and there is black ooze dripping
out of both of your nostrils,
running down your face from both of your eyes,
coming out maybe one of the sides of your mouth
and running down from both of your ears
and then you blink and it is not there
and you look like you always do.
Fuck.
So you guys see Kevin Lee Pettymore
take a step back from the truck
and like he falls backwards.
He lands on his ass.
John, you all right?
Trip there?
I'm walking over to try to help you out.
Oh, hey, yeah.
Kinda just for a second there out of the corner of my eye,
saw the goo running out of all my orifices,
so I blinked, it was gone,
but it was there real as day.
Was it doing anything?
Did it move?
Just oozing, just oozing,
coming out of my nose, holes in my.
Should you take a dunk?
And I look over at the truck.
John's eyes get wide and he nods
and he dives into that pool with Jimmy Sanders.
You dive into it?
I leap and I just body slam into the pool.
Yeah, okay.
Luke and Joe, I need you to take your headphones off again.
Cool, cool, cool.
John, as you break into the water,
into this puddle that has been formed
and teeming with fish in the back of this truck,
your head vibrates like it's sizzling
and you feel basically in your ears and in your nose,
you feel like when your ears are super clogged up
and then you pour hydrogen peroxide or something in there
and it like bubbles up crazy, like insane bubbles.
And all you can hear is like.
And you feel it in your nose and it like tickles
and there's something inside of your head
that is just like throbbing and all of a sudden,
you feel yourself rolling.
You feel yourself rolling back and forth comfortably.
It's a nostalgic feeling and it reminds you of family.
It's warmth, it's comfort.
You said come.
You can feel.
You said come for it.
Gross.
Welcome to Fort come.
Okay, shit.
So, ew, God, I just keep picturing like Santa Claus' workshop
Yeah, cause it's like all the frosting and shit,
but it's just gum.
It's like a gingerbread house, but it's cum.
Instead of peppermints,
like there's just cock rings all over it and like.
Too far.
Oh boy.
Yeah, you just feel yourself rolling back and forth
and then you realize that you are rolling back and forth
in a palm.
Okay.
And then you lift your head above the water
and immediately.
The smell is awful.
Like a shower.
There is a distinct stench.
It is fishy, but it is rancid.
It is overpoweringly stinky.
After Jon lifts his head above the water,
you all smell this and it is coming from the truck bed
and it fucking reeks.
Jon, I need you to roll constitution
to not puke on your cousin.
Which is lower than my constitution.
What's your throw up like?
It's nuts and bolts.
Yeah, I imagine there's like some synthetic oils in it.
Do androids dream of electric barf?
You are mostly human.
Then it's a mostly human barf,
but there is still some motor oil in there.
Yeah, that completely adds up for me.
But mostly just because you've been drinking motor oil
the whole way back to contention.
Stop or we're gonna have to stop
for you to pee again, Thomas.
Oh my.
So he just yaks all up in this puddle that has been created.
And Jimmy Sanders is, it doesn't live here.
He's just got extra meat.
And then he's gonna stand up
and then he's gonna sit back down.
It's a confusing guy, Jimmy Sanders.
Hey there, he got a, what the?
That man over there, he licked himself,
freaked out, jumped in there and started throwing up.
What's going, it smelled like shit, y'all been.
Other than the presence of that smell,
has anything changed at all?
Like, can I tell a source of the smell?
It's just when he popped up from the water
and came from the truck.
Then the truck started smelling terrible, yeah.
Jimmy, do you see any goo?
Oh, Jimmy doesn't just like answer questions.
Right, I figured, but.
He's just like talking this whole time.
He's always talking and he's always just like,
yeah, of course you'd have a number one,
but like, you can't have that without living here.
I mean, the oil is extra tomatoes, but the split,
you know, I can't cut it in half for the reasons,
you know, he's vegetarian.
I'm a pescatarian, but I only eat meat.
I look over at Terrence, how do you get,
how do you get him to tell you about the ooze?
Oh, he just screams normally.
Okay, so you don't think there's any around us right now?
I mean, it smells, don't it?
Something just happened.
Does it smell like the ooze?
Clearly, your bar just dumped in there
because he was trying to avoid it.
We couldn't see it, but your friends there is crazy.
I want y'all to know that.
He could have seen it, he jumped in there,
and now it smells, of course it does,
because when the fifth gets smelled, it smells like it.
I'm gonna yell over to John.
John, are you all right?
What's going on?
You all right?
John lifts his head out of the water
and smells the smell, sees that Jimmy's not screaming,
and he's like, I am now, I'm all right now, maybe.
I don't really know how this works.
No, it seems tricky, I don't know either.
I mean, you're, hey, hey, Keith Vigna, psh,
your friend is crazy.
The one who's not a cop, Clark.
The one who's not a cop, he's crazy.
He can see it, he's losing his shit.
I don't believe you.
How would you know that?
Because he saw it, and then he jumped in,
and now it smells.
When the puddles get teemed, right,
they got fish in them, right?
But when the fish collect,
we're doing collecting of people,
fish doing collecting of residue,
when the fish collect, it smells.
So this smell is from collecting residue.
Is it time for me to appear now?
And you see Randy Angston in a very nice blue
three-piece suit, except for instead of the pants that match,
he's wearing sweatpants.
Hello, I'm Randy Angst.
What do you know about all this?
Well, is it safe?
What do you know about all this?
I'm the one who's scared, you're out here running around.
Do you know anything else other than what daddy wants?
Who the fuck is daddy?
I think it's the pastor.
Oh, that fucking piece of shit, little turd nugget.
That's the impression we get, yeah.
Ever since he lost his family, he's been a real dick.
Oh, he lost his, how did he lose his family?
He died in a car crash.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no.
Hey, yeah, remember?
Oh, no.
Remember that burning, that burning vehicle
with the family inside?
I bet it was, his family was kind of burnt up.
Didn't we save one of them?
Not enough, I guess.
I mean, I pulled somebody out of there.
I pulled someone out of that.
But people perished, right?
Yeah, for sure.
There's like a wife and maybe a couple kids.
Why do you think these things are connected?
That happened a couple days ago.
Well, just because we hadn't, you know,
we weren't getting much of a ruckus out of the pastor
until, you know, maybe he could have directly linked us
to his family's demise.
Terrence, when did his family die?
Tell me when his family died.
Years and years ago, right?
No, it was you guys, and it was a couple days ago.
It was right before you skipped town.
So-called contention police officers.
I believe you murdered three-
One thing you need to know is that we did not skip town.
Everything we've done between here and now,
like the outset of all this and now, is to save this town.
And the only thing that's happened since then
is that we've lost almost our entire population
of contention, and the pastor who's now taken over
lost his wife, his daughter, and his son
in a car accident that was caused by you
and all of your tomfoolery.
No, no, no, now wait a minute.
We're not the ones gathering up the population's bodies.
No, I got, I saved, I saved, I saved the son.
I saved the son, I did what I could.
No, you must have failed a role there right at the end.
I think there was one specific role
that would have saved him, and it was right before
he took off in the ambulance, and it was a failed role.
So that killed a child.
And gave us our main enemy for this situation.
I look at the other two guys.
What are we gonna do with these guys?
We can't let him go back to the pastor.
Luca is asleep.
I think the pain and the shock have gotten to him,
and he is eyes closed up against the garage door.
And there's a trail of blood now making its way
at, it's about halfway down the driveway.
I'm gonna go back inside if it's all good to you.
It's much more comfortable.
So you're not helping out the pastor at all?
No, we need you out here, Randy.
No, God, no.
That cane you had in there, it had a Rubik's Cube on it.
Do you have a bunch of different canes?
No, that's my cane.
Was there ever a tooth one?
I love my cane, and I don't like Adam Kane.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
A tooth, now I've got plenty in my mouth.
Ha, but no, it's a Rubik's Cube.
And he hands you a business card.
Let me read it.
It says that he is the director
of the Children's Museum of Mathematics.
Yeah, that's not what his business card said last time.
The Children's Museum of Mathematics
is a location given to us by a patron at the $10 level.
David from San Jose.
Thanks, David, good job.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
The Children's Museum of Mathematics
is an underfunded museum,
which aims to get kids excited about math.
It's mostly puzzles and exhibits
about how you can arrange shapes.
Did he hand that card to me?
Yes, have you not been?
Randy, do you have a collection of all these cards?
You got a bunch of different ones?
Yeah, absolutely.
And he reaches in a pocket
and pulls out a bunch of business cards
that all say Randy Angst,
director of the Children's Museum of Mathematics.
Randy, do you remember the last time
we ran into each other?
Keith Vigna, not one for mathematics.
I believe you may have pulled me over
because I didn't have my lights on
about a month and a half ago.
That's my bad.
No, we're talking about the time
you just shit all over your pants
just a few days ago.
A few days ago?
My memory is hopefully not that bad,
but the pants that I just shit in
about 15 minutes ago are already in the washer.
Randy, have you ever been director
of the Contention Historical Society?
I'm a member, but I didn't,
did you ask if I started it?
I don't wanna claim that I started it.
No, no, I thought that's what your old card said
is that you were director.
My old card?
Yeah, we just ran into you a couple days ago.
Back when we were fighting that robot man,
remember that?
It was a robot.
You were staring at the legs.
His upper half flew off the window.
Randy Yanks is now slowly backing away
from the three of you.
You were in chess games.
And he is going to, if you wouldn't mind,
I think I'm just going to,
and he's backing into his doorway of his house.
Randy, Randy, now we don't mean you no harm.
I'd really like to just shut this door.
Randy, listen, for one second,
you're wearing sweatpants
instead of your three piece suit pants.
That's cause you shit your pants.
Yes, but that's not a crime.
I know it's not a crime, but how would we know that
unless we had seen you shit your pants in the past?
Adds up, but I don't remember it.
We know.
Roll sanity, everybody.
Is 91 good?
38, fail.
I fail over my power.
Yeah, I got bad news for Randy Yanks.
I failed over my power.
The door isn't quite closed yet.
Do we just take one or a D something?
No, just one.
Well, fellers, it seems like this town is fucked
and we might as well just bail on this reality.
Later.
That's one way we can do this.
I don't know if it'll be satisfying.
You know, people say we don't get a lot
of satisfying conclusions to these plot points,
but Luke wrapped up that three single dollar things so fast.
All in one, baby.
Yeah, that plot point you introduced this episode.
Fucking nailed it.
It was the last episode, I think.
It was tonight.
Earlier this evening.
As all of you realize, Randy Yanks ain't Randy Yanks.
Is Randy Yanks?
He's not our Randy Yanks.
Exactly, but maybe somebody's Randy Yanks
and Clark Bishop and Keith Vigna
both roll over their power, lose one sanity,
and then Clark goes first.
Clark is rushing the door
and Joe is hoping that Randy closed it first,
but he's rushing the front door to attack Randy.
Yeah, let's just do a quick roll.
Okay, what kind of roll?
Dexterity.
The one roll I make tonight.
It's a 52 on a 60.
Get him.
89.
Oh yeah.
Oh, you're busting in there.
I barrel in the door so hard
that it knocks him back and onto the ground.
And I'm doing like I did to Keith.
Oh, no.
Just moments before,
and I'm throttling him into the ground,
saying, you're not a children's museum of mathematics guy.
You're a historical society guy.
Keith Vigna.
I see that and I start looking around
and I see the two guys on the ground
and Jimmy in the back,
and I'm like, this is a trap.
Somebody's coming and I get my gun out
and I just shoot.
I shoot at Terrence.
Holy shit.
Luca and Jimmy.
Holy shit.
Should I roll firearms?
No, I'm gonna roll.
Just like a 50-50 luck, basically.
If you're just like unloading a clip
around like three people.
Yeah, then I'll roll luck for each of them.
It won't be 50-50.
That'd be insane.
It'll be like a 25% chance that it hits any one of them.
22.
So...
Somebody's getting dinged.
That's the one we wanna kill.
Yep, so D6, we'll do a one and a two is Jimmy Sanders,
a three and a four is Fade,
and a five and a six is Terrence.
Is that a five?
It's a three.
Yep.
Jimmy.
No, that's Fade.
Fade.
Three's Fade.
You like fire a couple shots towards Jimmy Sanders
and then a couple shots towards Terrence,
who's like right next to you, like on the ground.
As you're looking at Terrence,
you just like hold it up and fire over it, Fade,
and go ahead and roll a D10.
Nine.
Nine?
Nine.
Oh boy.
Clark Marshall, Clark Marshall, Clark Marshall,
Clark Marshall here.
Clark Bishop rushes into the house of Randy Anks,
shoving the door backwards,
knocking Randy Anks on his back.
Keith Vigna begins unloading his clip into the area,
freaking out, his eyes are wide.
Johnny, you can see it and he's panicking.
And as he's panicking, you can't even tell
where he's aiming this gun.
And then all of a sudden you just see like
the fucking Zapruder film.
Luca, Fade, Fajevic's head,
and the garage is a Kai Twombly painting immediately.
Just abstract art on the garage door of Randy Anks
as the shoulders slump off to the right
with the momentum of this gunshot.
And the blood now starts a second path down the driveway,
but the second one is moving much, much quicker
and it is much wider and thicker
with the blood of Luca, Fade, Fajevic
as he dies errant bullet from an insane Keith Vigna
who turns to you.
And I need John Lee Pettymore, Thomas, sorry,
and Joe to take your headphones off.
As Keith Vigna turns to John Lee Pettymore the third,
you see that this black viscous ooze is pouring
out of his nose and it is dripping from his mouth
and it is running down his cheeks from his eyes
and from his ears, it is going underneath his shirt.
From his ears, it is going underneath his shirt.
I look back over at him and I point my gun at him
and I say, get back in the water.
At me?
Yeah.
Aw, all right, and he does so.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, all right.
And me, all right.
Holy shit.
Am I the only one trying to pull over?
How can you have enough drowning out of the noise?
There's nobody home, nobody home, nobody home.
Bye.
Bye.
