What's up everybody, I'm Zach, this is Pretending to be People, and Black Lives Matter.
Thanks to the generosity of so many of you supporting us on Patreon,
we were able to match donations this week up to $1500 in support of The Bail Project,
which is a national revolving bail fund on a mission to combat mass incarceration and
reshape the pretrial system in the United States. We chose this group specifically because this
money will support those in our country who are protesting systemic racism and police brutality.
These people are begging for justice, and we support their fight. We were absolutely
elated by the response from this community. Y'all raised $1500 in just 15 hours. Incredible.
As of this recording, together we have raised $3600 for The Bail Project. Let's keep this
thing going. For every $5 donated, you'll receive an entry for a chance to win one
of the first official PTBP shirts. There will be five winners, the first of which
will be announced right now. Brendan DiPinto, congratulations, you just won
a Pretending to be People shirt. Boom, four more to go. You can find the link to donate in the
show notes. And while I don't think saying Black Lives Matter is a political statement,
what is a political statement is this, please register to vote. The presidential election is
five months away, and it is very likely that two seats on the Supreme Court will be filled by
whoever wins. This is not the time for third party candidates or write-ins. If Donald Trump wins
again, the Supreme Court will have a 7-2 conservative majority, which I believe will
lead to inhumane restrictions on abortion, disgusting removal of LGBTQIA plus rights,
absurdly loose gun control, furthering of the corporatocracy, and the continuation of the
death penalty. Fuck all of that, and fuck Donald Trump. Back to you, Wolf the Dog.
Top of the morning to you, pupperinos. It's your toilet diving canine, Wolf the Dog,
and I'm back stroking like Michael Phelps all up in y'all's toilet water live from 694.2 PTBP.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Matt Fagel, who tweeted about the show and tagged
that pretending pod. They right. I'd like to send love and support to my hometown of Minneapolis.
I don't live there anymore, but I'm so fucking proud of them for standing up the way they have.
My old friends, classmates, and neighbors have been taking care of each other and refusing to
back down. They could now give masterclasses in crisis management to any other city in the
country. It's scary times, but I'm so damn proud of them. Damn, baby Matt. I'm proud of you for
sending this in the internet mail, and I'm proud of any who stand up to those who would diminish
the freedoms of others. Wolf bless you, Matt, and Wolf bless you all for the work y'all are doing
out there on the front lines, the back lines, and lines we don't even know about. We all fight
battles in our own ways, but what's important is that we keep on battling for a better future
for all. Have you looked in the show notes? Seriously? Have you? Take a minute. Click on
all those sweet easy to click hyperlinks. Follow at PretendingPod on Instagram and Twitter. Join
the Discord. Subscribe to the subreddit. And hey, go check out our Twitch on Tuesdays and Thursdays,
why don't you? Twitch.tv slash PretendingPod Streams. And baby, if you got that scratch,
stop your itching and support us on Patreon. And baby, if you have the financial stability
of a newborn, go ahead and write us a five-star review on Apple Podcasts. Oh, you already did
that. Oh, what's that? You have an Android? Well, follow Asimov's second rule of robotics.
NAB an iPhone from a nearby technological child. Go to the Apple Podcast app. Subscribe to
Pretended to Be People and write the weirdest five-star review you can muster. Speaking of
mustard, it's time to catch up with the news. Last time in the fucked up puddle-filled ghost town of
contention, Keith Vigna finally collected his $3 from Terrence Liquor, who was out collecting
for daddy with Luca Fade Fadswigs. They had a picture of Keith Vigna in liquor's truck with
a note that said, collect alive. John Lee Pettymore the third has ooze just dripping
constantly out of every orifice in his head. Keith saw this, lost his shit, accidentally shot Fade in
the dome and threatened John with the same if he didn't get back in the truck's waterbed.
Randy Angst isn't who the boys remember him being. Randy's cane had a Rubik's Cube on the
grip instead of a big tooth like Clark remembered because Randy isn't a dentist. He runs the
Children's Museum of Mathematics and Randy didn't remember fighting any sort of android robot man.
This baron stain on my memory has me all baron steamed up and ready for some mother
creatin' father fuckin' kudzu with no backbone.
Hello everyone and welcome to pretending to be people. I am Zach and I am here with Luke
and Thomas and Joe. How is everyone doing this evening? Doing good, how you doing my bud? Good.
You feeling all right?
I got rid of it all. Our boy just revealed in a flurry of a hat pull a shaved head baby.
Whoa wow so I uh yeah I was definitely on another screen.
Oh it looks like something.
Yeah you should go you should go maybe less on the parts that are still here.
I've got a lot on the sides. You do.
You've got a nice hat collection that's for sure. Hell yeah I do. It's a good shine on the top
there I dig that. Yeah thank you thank you. We're getting towards the mirror you know but I want
when we finally hit that Patreon level to where I get hair plugs I want people to fucking know.
Yeah it's a mark of success for sure.
Have you guys uh pulled the trigger on any uh things that you've been thinking
about for a while during this quarantine? Yeah I did the I did a bidet I bought a bidet
that's 100% the thing that I never would have done before this quarantine.
I gotta tell you though I don't exactly know what it's all cracked up to be because I was
brushing my teeth just fine without it. Does it help a little bit with that though? If I get my
mouth right on it it helps a little. How is it so far though? Uh for real I dig it it works.
Did wait so you did you get it specifically to avoid the toilet paper issue? Uh not directly
but it's because like Twitter was blowing up with people talking about how much they love their
bidets because they weren't in the throes of the toilet paper mayhem so I saw a bunch of feedback
about how much people loved them so I thought I'd try one. Well I can't wait to try it out
sometime. I don't want my own I just want to try yours. Even if I don't have to poop I'll try it.
Yeah can does it work when you're standing? I can get I can get real far away from it yeah.
Thomas Luke life normal. Same old shit. Well if you get a bidet yeah then you'll have something
to talk about on this goddamn podcast. And you won't have the same old shit. It will be new
shit yeah if I get a bidet. I'm sorry listeners that I haven't done anything uh interesting with
my butt this quarantine. Wait really though like you're not experimenting or anything?
With like yeah home hemorrhoid remedies but nothing else. Yeah I think I have hemorrhoids
I've developed hemorrhoids from sitting so much no joke. Welcome to the club I believe the
Preparation H wipes are my go-to personally. You can keep yours in Taylor's purse too if you want
uh it works for when you're on the go. Thanks.
Tell her thank you. Hemorrhoids are dope.
I've been coloring my own toilet paper.
And with that let's kick into gear Clark Bishop just tackled Randy Anx through the door of his
own house into the foyer of the angst home while Keith Vigna is standing over Terrence T. Licker.
Terrence Elizabeth Licker who is on the ground below him. The corpse of Luca Fade Fudgevitz is
leaning up against the garage door and bleeding down the driveway of the angst home while John
Lee Pettymore the Thirth is in the back of the truck that is in the driveway along with his
soul's cousin or his mind's cousin but his body's nephew Jimmy Sanders and I believe where we left
off Keith Vigna was hollering. I was ordering John to get back in the water. Yeah and he did
if I recall. Yeah and he did indeed. Oh no Mr. Sir Bishop please I don't and his head is just
like slamming into the linoleum of the entryway of this old home. Oh god no I just. Clark is starting
to calm down some that he has slammed this old man into the ground so hard and feeling bad about it.
He starts to he starts to come to his senses and and maybe recoils and panic a little bit and kind
of backs out the door leaving him on the ground. Oh no why did you came in? As the door closes
behind you as you go back in. I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry Randy I'm sorry
I'm sorry. And you exit out the door back into the front yard of Randy Yanks home where you back
up into Keith Vigna. I uh my back hits you and your gun is still pointed at John right? Yeah.
I look over at him is he looking normal to me?
No man. I mean I mean his face is white and his hands are red from the blood that is rushed to
his fingertips as he's been using his hands to jostle this old man's head into the floor.
But other than that he's good to go. Yeah he's probably like crying and shit but he's fine. Okay
I look back at John as he like dunks underneath the water when he comes back up what do I see?
He doesn't. He's laying low for a little bit. I look at Clark. John had the ooze all coming out
of him all over him coming out of him. I had to get him in the water. You just saw it just now?
I just saw it. I told him to get in the water. What were you doing right before
that right before you saw it happen? Uh well I kind of gesture over to
Luca. Oh my oh my god. I kind of freaked out there for a second. You fucking saw him man you sawed
him. You got another body T. Keith did you did you did you did you kill him did you kill him?
I kind of I lost control for a second and yeah I tried to I tried to kill him and I shot at
Terrence and I shot at Jimmy. Clark wants to start as he's explaining reaching out to try and
pull the gun down lower to the ground so it's not pointed at anything right now. Yeah I'd let it
happen. Terrence Liger is backing up like into the the house. He's like trying to get into Randy's
house. Clark make sure he doesn't get away. Hey hey Terrence you stay you stay out here we don't
want you going in there with Randy. He just like leans up against the door on the ground still he's
like scooched backwards crab crawl and then he leans up against the front door and there's a
shot where you can see in the foreground you've got Terrence Liger leaning up against the front
door and in the background you've got a dead fade leaning up against the garage door. John you in
there? Before any we do any of that who the you're gonna have to remind me who Fade was
and Terrence Liger. It was Rocky Balboa was Fade. Hey Luca Fajovitz. Hey I'm Luca. Hey everybody
calls me Fade. He's a little guy he's really wide he was a bodybuilder and he was sent to collect
alongside Terrence Licker who owns Lickers Lickers Lickers and he has had beef with Keith Vigna but
I think it's been solved with three dollars of that three single dollars right they were sent
to collect Randy Yanks by the church by Pastor Adam Kane. Now go Joe. John you in there you can
come out. John cautiously pokes his head up and and looks around this is a pickup truck right
with water in the bed so he you just see his eyes like come up above the bed and he kind of scopes
it out and he he ducks down you can't see his eyes anymore but you can still see um the top
of his head. I got Keith to put the gun down you you can you can come up. Clark he he when I saw
his eyes he didn't have he didn't have goo coming out of him anymore I think the water worked.
Keith says Keith says you're all right now. Yeah okay you got the gun from him he's not gonna.
I've got the gun in my hand but I'm not pointing it at you anymore. Gun is down and he seems to be
uh clear-eyed and clear-headed at this point I don't I don't know. I holster my gun and walk
back and put my hands up a little bit. He's holstering his gun and walking back with his
hands up a little bit. Don't get that guy he's crazy man he's crazy you can't get him out of
there leave him in there let's go let's bail. Go where? I don't I mean we need to get you
to the F C F C that way we can save the world right like you are our prince. I don't think
that's gonna be happening. Uh what's the F C F C F C the was it the first church of contention?
The first kreek family is contented. First kreek right first kreek family? First kreek family
contention you know we're just a big family we're trying to go back and save the world but we need
we need bodies and we need peace. You guys you guys of all people should want to go buy it we
we're you're out here trying to trying to save everything but we have a plan to save everything
so I don't understand why you're fighting against it you can help we can save the world together.
It's just your plans has not been clearly enunciated to us and uh also the fact that
you need bodies and our friend is a little weird but our friend did just create a body.
Yeah you can take Luca back and have that and that's our little gift to you and we'll think
about giving you Keith maybe later. Well and I think we're gonna end up back at the church
we're just it's not our first stop yet we got other stuff to do to help. Well you certainly
didn't seem like you're helping earlier I mean are you even on the side of daddy? We don't know.
I want to say yeah but yeah we don't know yet I mean yeah we are yeah we gotta go somewhere
get some more fish and water to help out first. We know but we're good on fish and water. No there
was a it turns out there was a leak yeah late breaking news you probably haven't heard about
it since you got sent out but there was a big old leak in a bunch of the fish uh plumb dried up
there they spilled into the end of the out of the out of the wall of water and into a parking lot
of a grocery store uh and unfortunately there they uh they were baked uh in the in the daytime sun.
Yeah so we need we need we're going we're going to take this truck full of water to go get more
fish naturally look we've already got a head start you can see some fishes in there.
Everybody go ahead and roll alertness for me.
I pass a 42 on a 70. 20 on a 60. Alertness I got a 50 on a 60.
Everyone succeeds the ground is kind of vibrating you can hear in the distance
the low rumble of vehicles more than one.
And it is growing increasingly louder and it is heading in your direction.
Boys I what you want to get out of here. I thought I think I think we ought to you feel that.
Terrence you you stay here get inside lock yourself in there don't touch
anybody or anything and and don't come out till we talk to you again.
You leave Randy alone in there too he doesn't want to go with you so you don't get to take
order get inside and stay there lock all the doors.
He listens to everything you've said and he's like yeah all right and he uh backs up he kind
of opens up the door behind him you know behind his back and then he slides through it and you
see him slide back on his on his butt and then he kicks the door closed and you hear uh you know
how conversation sounds. Right guys I think we should hop in this get back to
carry and go to the pond what do you think? I've never even seen a number two without cucumber at
a time like this you couldn't fight me to not put oil on a sandwich you hear me because what
I'm saying is that and I guess we'll keep we'll keep Jimmy in the back too.
Just want to remind you that Jimmy Sanders is still yeah he's just he's all wet so we
thought we'd just keep him back here. He's also a uh a goo detector for us if if they're using
them the same way we might as well too. John are you gonna stay in the back or are you gonna come
get in the cab? Uh I'm pretty wet I should probably stay back here maybe I don't want
to make a mess. Okay uh Clark how's are you good at driving? Oh also if nobody is I can drive I
guess. Also I'm really wet but I am the best driver. I'd say I'm just below average at driving.
I tell you I'm exactly average at it. All right all right move over move over let me show you.
It doesn't matter if we get the seats wet it's not our truck anyway.
As Clark is walking around the back of the truck he's gonna look in the bed and see those fish
and say hey I'll ride back here and jump right in. Okay boys. Hey does Clark does Clark seem to be
real interested in all these fish? Yeah he's running his hands over some of them back there
and kind of giggling the whole time. He's like a goddamn fish whisperer. He's actually pretty
strange. Also sorry I pointed my gun at you but I saw goo coming out of your eyes and all over
again I just freaked out. I don't see it anymore but I don't know what happened. Keith you ain't
got to apologize for being an irresponsible thank you. I appreciate that. Just take it in stride
when you're riding with Keith Vigna. I opened the like back window thing to where we can talk to
Clark in the back of the truck. Clark is holding up a trout. They got trout back here man.
Sweet uh well if if you're gonna be safe back there what's our next step? Should we go should
we go straight to the pond or do we need to get carry? What do you think? Clark drops the fish.
I mean we were headed toward the pond kind of independent of the carry thing. Wasn't the carry
more of a church thing and we were gonna maybe do that later? Well we got her in the back of the
car. We were I thought we were just dropping keeping her there while we went and got my watch
but whatever you guys think I don't know. Yeah but then that turned into a whole thing so. Yeah should
we just head to the pond and leave her be? Nobody's probably gonna find her. She's shackled up in
there. Plus I'm sure this will just be a 15-minute jaunt. That's true. Let's get there. Nothing ever
takes too long. No no it never it never takes days or anything so. It's almost like I warned us that
this might happen but. All right I gotta go pee. Well we have the opportunity right now to change
our fates. All right go pee and I'm gonna look at the map and see what makes sense. We could also
not wait until he gets back and just do it so that when he gets back we're already at the pond.
Yeah okay we pull up to the pond and then now we gotta wait for him to tell us what to do.
Yeah there we go. We've been waiting we described a bunch of stuff that happened. Where are we at?
We're at the pond now. Oh sick did you guys see all the really cool stuff on the way there? No
we closed our eyes and went. We discovered a new item that lets us teleport. Whoa what was it?
It was in Fade's pocket. Yeah it was the keys to the truck and the truck is a teleportation device.
Also one thing that happens if you're not inside the teleportation device everything within five
miles gets dies so we beat the game too. Yeah good game Zach that was cool. Yeah yeah cool
thank you everyone that's been pretending to be people I guess. I hope that was the end you were
looking for. Everything's resolved.
Thanks bye. So press stop and I'll ask it. Yeah.
Just upload it right to Google Drive. Okay. Have a good night guys. Okay.
I think that we're leaning toward the idea that we're going to navigate back to our car
and try and take it around to the south of the city and come up toward Bean's pond from the
south. Yeah yeah that absolutely makes sense. Did you guys just do do do do we want to try and take
the truck with us or do it on foot? Let's take the truck. If we take the truck are we gonna have to
go by that crane barrier thing? Presumably if we're turning the car around and trying to go
somewhere to head south it looks like the road just south of the hotel also leads leads west.
East? Yeah east yeah so presumably it's um like go all you're wanting to avoid the barriers so
we're talking about turning the car around on the highway. Okay yeah. And then driving somewhere
east to get to a longer way around town. Yeah. But you weren't you asking about how to get the truck
out though? Right we take it east and take it by the library. Oh gotcha. And then off the map to
the side there to wherever we're going to. And then go it actually just pac-mans and you come
back through on the west side. Okay then we'll. Oh cool then we just pop straight down.
We'll go up until we're down. No but yeah let's do that east until we intersect with the highway
go west. Okay. And at that exact moment you see that on each side of the street down on the east
and west side of the street of this house heading toward your direction there is just a front half
cab of a truck with a trailer on the back with a hot tub situated and strapped in onto the trailer.
And then on the other side coming down is a impala and the back has been also tarped into
an appropriate. You're thinking of a. No do impalas not have that? You're thinking of an
El Camino? You're thinking of an El Camino. I was thinking of an El Camino. Yeah it's still cool.
On the other side there is an impala coming down and it has a refrigerator that's strapped to the
top of it with its door ripped off then there's someone like inside the refrigerator on top of
the impala. Nice. Guys Sam and Dean Winchester are here to save us. Yeah who's who's impala and
El Camino are these? Do we recognize them as the vehicles of townsfolk? No longer an El Camino.
Just an impala. It's a truck with a trailer and an impala with a refrigerator. Do we recognize
the impala? Weirdly enough you guys never you didn't meet a whole lot of people in contention.
I mean we're from here though. I don't mean on our time in the podcast I mean in our time
spending our entire lives as citizens of this small town. Yeah. Does somebody drive an impala?
Uh you know the impala belongs to a very nice couple who live in the suburbs and they are
members of the first church of contention and their names are Asher and Avery Little. Nice
married couple who recently had two children who are twins. I mean you can try to pull at
our heartstrings but it doesn't mean we're not going to start shooting the second these people
pull up. There are no strings to pull at my dear sir. So are they blocking us in on this street
basically? That is the attempt yes. Well boys what do you want to do? I mean these cars like
these vehicles are way cooler and more capable than what we're trying to get so maybe we just
take one of theirs. Take both of theirs. You want to try to get that truck then or the fridge
doesn't look like it's too stable. Yeah but that's a fucking cherry impala. It's up to you you're
driving you go that way and then I pull my gun out and I'll shoot. Wait wait wait what if what
if you just hit reverse and we get out of here perpendicular to them both through the through
the field? We could I just I kind of wouldn't it be cool to drive that big mad max truck around?
I don't want to kill anybody though we've done enough of that today.
That's true okay well I punch it in reverse. Okay roll drive. Reversing north and then I want to
yeah spin around and head the right way. 59 we're heading back to our car. Okay sounds good you have
a couple tails. Are they cutting across the field at us? Okay so as you back up through the yard and
the bumps bumps and you hear jimmy sanders in the back just like oh I can't put a needle on that
and like water's just like spilling out there's fish flying out you see in the rear view mirror
but you you bumble on through and the truck is boom boom boom back and forth and back and forth.
Clark you were just like slipping slipping from side to side in this water. Holding on for dear
life yeah. And jimmy is too and the two of you are uh I can only imagine is just like the wildest
wave pool the tiniest wildest wave pool of two grown ass men inside. Just fish slapping him in
the face. So john puts it in reverse um guns it hard says sorry fish he's peeling he's peeling
straight back does a sweet e-brake turn full like uh 180 facing the other direction peels out again
leaves a bunch of disgusting tire smoke uh in everybody's faces and probably some squished fish
oh and it fucking reeks uh as this uh this incredibly bad smell just gets fouled around
through the the december cold air of contention and you leave a wake of rancid fish smell in your
dust. And now as you hit this road you're coming up along the the road that hotel motel is on.
Are you just jumping the curb straight up onto the side road or? Yeah like if it seems feasible
I'm just heading straight for the highway again. Kerry pages is our only bargaining chip here.
This truck is like what are you just like throwing the axle up into the air every time you
hit another hill to jump another curb and go up onto the the side road and then up onto the
highway. Thankfully the the metal gate broke away from a crash that happened three years ago it just
doesn't exist anymore right there on the exit and so you drive right up onto the highway from the
opposite side and you would be driving into oncoming traffic but you can cut across through
the median the grass in between two lanes of traffic on the highway and then on to when I
said you would be going in oncoming traffic you wouldn't be you'd be on the right side.
I was in Britain in my head. Oh fuck off.
You've never been to England? Oh yeah Thomas have you never been to England? Cheers mate.
Worse I've been to Italy.
Cheers mate. I could out obnoxious you in a heartbeat. Well I believe that so you
cross the median of the highway. I'm confused about the logistics of the roadblock previously
is it just not on this exit or is this? If you're looking at the exit of contention as a T the
roadblock would be on the northeast side and you're coming at it from the southeast side and
then going way more east. Once we do that we're heading back to our car. Yeah that's where we
just went. Did we make it to our car? Here I'll put it to you this way John Lee Pettymore as
you're driving on the highway which you would be just off of the exit leading out of contention
toward the city as you're on this strip of the highway you see behind you the truck and the
El Camino are in pursuit and they're following so you have the option. It's an Impala. Fuck.
You have the option to head to the 2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse or to not head to the
2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse but currently you have a truck and an Impala on your tail.
I head to the 2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse I yell to Clark in the back be ready to grab pages.
I kind of swing alongside and have him hop out and then I immediately flip him around
and like start driving the truck forward and backwards menacingly near the Mitsubishi. I do
that I jump out but as soon as I jump out I start going keys keys keys keys keys I need somebody to
and I'm holding my hand up somebody's got to throw me the keys to the trunk. Like an Edgar Wright cut
you just see the keys zoom straight into your hands from my pocket.
Thomas knows how to have me not call for a check.
I get the keys and I pop open the trunk. Boy I hope she's still in there. Yes.
Yes.
Yes. Sweet. I pulled the body of Drew out and like chuck him into the back of the truck
and I get around to the side. Oh wait do we have Tyler with us? No we have him on a leash.
He's in the cab. He's in the cab. Yeah we did let him right in front. And I jump back into the back
of the pickup. Well here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna do a check. Their drive versus
Clark's. Either athletics or dexterity in order to see if they can arrive in time. I'd like to
aid him with my drive as I'm trying to fend them off. I like that. Yeah so you go ahead and roll
the drive first. 96. So that's not gonna help uh as you're just spinning out.
Oh shit dude. No. 98. Damn. I rolled a crit success. Oh boy. Of course. 44 baby. Oh boy.
What happens? Where where in the sequence of events did this did the critical success occur?
Exactly. So so I'm imagining that just off the highway there's a slight ditch curved down which
is where the 2001 Red Mitsubishi Eclipse is and you're alongside of it and Clark hops out of the
truck bed and is like keys keys keys. Toss him the keys. Edgar Wright cut. He runs over. Opens up the
trunk. Edgar Wright cut. Drew is inside and as soon as you grab Drew and toss him onto the ground you
see above you on the highway in front of you and behind you have pulled up this big truck. Trailer
on the back. Hot tub strapped into the back and a cherry Impala with a refrigerator strapped to
the top. I have to go pee again so sorry. We uh we blew up the truck and the Impala while you were
gone. Sick. Oh man did everyone die? Yeah. Not us though. Yeah we were good. Oh right. We we we got
a super jump ability while you were gone also so we just jumped above the explosion and then landed
back down. Was there a cool object that gave you super jump ability? Yeah. Well also Tyler Gerwings
and we can ride him wherever we want now. That's that's what it was I forgot. Yeah the jump thing
was something we proposed but then we decided to just ride Tyler. Yeah. Right. You guys are really
good at this. What else happened? Oh we all got a billion dollars. Yeah. And the and the medal of
honor. Well that's pretty easy to get these days. Yeah. We got Rush Limbaugh with us now. Oh good.
Rush what should we do next? As an Eagles fan and an American. Not a fan.
What else happened? The whole zombie subplot we just nipped in the bud. I used to think that
that phrase was nipped in the butt. Like you bite its butt. Yeah. Just bite the butt. Yeah just a
little nip it in the bud. Was that was that Andy Griffith show? Yeah it was. That was pretty that
was pretty solid. What's that dude's name? Don Knotts. Don Knotts that's right. What was the
character's name? No I'm totally. Yeah okay fuck off because I was just gonna let it sit there.
That was it Barney. Barney. I was just gonna let it sit there because I couldn't remember either.
Yeah uh-huh Barney Fife. Barney Fife. Do you think Thomas is pooping?
Can everyone hear me? Yeah. Yep and immediately you all hear this
hooping and hollering coming from the person who's in the refrigerator on top of the Impala
and coming from the hot tub you just hear this and then all of a sudden you hear glass shatter
as a body comes flying out of the shotgun side of the truck and it is lifted up in the air
and then slammed into the ground. Holy shit just the once? Well we're now in initiative order.
Clark it is your turn you are outside of the truck bed and you are outside of the 2001
Mitsubishi Eclipse and you have Drew's body with carry pages inside of it on the ground next to
you what do you do? I just want to use my turn to hook Drew's body into the back of the truck.
Done. Keith what are you doing? Do I recognize the person? It seems to be one of the homeless
people they have got the similar vibe as the the homeless people that you were hanging out with
just like BFFs with in the back of that school bus. Right can I see who's in the driver's seat
of the truck and the Impala? Go ahead and roll uh search. Uh fail. Okay well I already told you
you can't see who's driving the truck but you do know that the Impala is the little vehicle and
yeah you know you can kind of tell that it's their outlines. Shit I don't know what to do um. Okay
Thomas what are you John Lee Pettymore doing? John Lee Pettymore is just like slamming his hand
on the side of the truck yelling at Clark to load up and hop in. Very cool uh you guys actually if
you're looking around you can see the driver of the truck like climbs out of the window
and jumps up into the hot tub in the back. As the driver of the truck is climbing out the window
of the cab trying to climb back onto the trailer and get into the hot tub you see he jumps for the
hot tub and right before he lands in the water his body is lifted above the hot tub. I need everyone
to roll sanity. Oh no. I fail. I fail over my power I think. Let me check. I crit fail but
under my power. Motherfucker. Yeah I failed 61 on a 60. I'm at a 55 on a 13. My power is 60.
Yeah I rolled over my power 80 on a 13. You can't see the ooze right now? Previous to losing the
sanity you only saw the body moving and you don't know where the ooze is? Lose one sanity.
You see this guy as he's jumping you see him catch and nothing seems to catch him but he's just like
hanging in mid-air and then you see it. You see the ooze that's holding him up in the air and it
is a wave and it is the most it is the thickest it is the largest amount the quantity the volume
is clearly growing this is the most you've seen in one area and it is holding this guy up in the air
as the same mass is slamming the person who is sitting shotgun into the ground as they are folding
into this oily substance and the person who is hanging above the hot tub they reach out and
they're trying to grab onto the the man who is inside the hot tub and they're they're pulling
and they're pulling and they're pulling and then you see the ooze just consumes the person who is
hanging in the air and grabs onto the person who is in the hot tub as well lifts them up out of
the water and the two who are holding on to each other are then being thwacked thwack thwack kind
of like uh what the hulk did to loki yeah that classic gif from the marvel talkies spreading
everywhere and with that the impala begins backing up clark bishop what are you doing i am now
joining drew and jimmy sanders in the back of the truck done keith vigna what are you doing
i'm trying i see that and i try to crawl out the window that's in the back like between the
cab and the bed of the truck and i get like my top half of my body out but my big pants get caught
so i'm like halfway in and halfway out and i'm grabbing jimmy and trying to hold him underwater
while i'm yelling like why are you doing this why are you doing this if he's holding jimmy
under the water and i'm back there can like part of my turn be to try and help jimmy not die under
the water like i'm trying to get keith off of him but maybe also help keith through the window or
something i don't know maybe next turn uh john lee pettymore what are you doing john is is freaking
out it's like he's woken up from a bad dream and he sees all of this uh playing out in front of them
he sees the wave coming towards them and even though being in this body makes his brain want
to vomit he still he recognizes that he's behind the wheel of a vehicle and that like shit is
coming and he just like the one thing that he can get through from his brain to his body is is brush
yeah he just fucking pedal on the floor peels straight away from the wave in the rear view
mirror you just hear bloodcurdling screams and the smell of like that nasty fishy smell just
barely kind of tinged behind you as you see the camera is just reversing reversing reversing
and then all of a sudden you cut through tree line and you are face to face with this crane that has
all these tubes on the end of its payload there and it's ready to lift them up off the ground
and there's actually no one there
and looking around you see no one maybe they got good if i look behind us do i see is the goo
a still there or be giving chase have we driven so far that we're it's it would it would normally
be out of sight at this point i don't know what do i see when i look behind me you see the goo
is just like racing it's like almost like hands that are inside of it are dragging it across and
along the back there's a wave that's coming along the back end and crashing down that's causing more
hands that seem to be crawling toward you and then another wave comes around the back and crashes
forward and it's just moving slowly but way quicker than you've ever seen it move before
so we're rocking seven miles an hour right now but it is steadily just if it had a noise it would be
i like the idea of hand waves uh coming out of goo that's really gross and fucked up so cool
thanks time man i'm still halfway out the window trying to drown jimmy oh yeah that's fun clark
what are you doing to try to help jimmy sanders survive uh i just want to try and wrench keith's
hands off of him and that's my only goal is to make sure that if jimmy wants to come up he can
yeah and i'm fighting back against it roll them roll them dice against each other the highest one
did not go over wins would i do strength or unarmed combat you can do either one
i got a 54 out of 65 on strength i did a 61 on a 70 for unarmed combat nice voice good
uh yeah i pry your hands off of him number four oil if i have any any momentum left in my turn i'm
maybe trying to calm keith down get a hold of yourself get a hold of yourself if you want to
come back in here come back in here but get a hold he's he's trying to he's trying to kill us with
the with the goo it's he's not doing anything keith look at him he's he's scared him he is
scared too he's he almost got drowned just now and i i look at jimmy and look at clark and then
you know stare at the goo coming towards us and i like oh my oh fuck we got we got to get out of
here and you feel two dog paws on your butt cheeks just boop and you right head first into the water
in the back so after i push him through um i i say uh keith we've all wanted to strangle jimmy god
damn it but now's not the time now look down there ain't that a beansco crane think you could
operator well i used to have a toy one of these when i was a kid so yeah you're you're our only
hope hey luke what is keith vigna's heavy machinery skill oh my heavy machinery is ten percent
tight
how far away from the crane are we coming up fast but john lee pettymore the successful drive check
could easily maneuver around out of the way of these tubes and continue on the path oh well
why don't i just try driving through first i guess but you got me pretty excited to use that crane
i know maybe later if we have time let me just see if i can't
move on okay let's give it a shot we gotta act quick
yes did you do it yes
as you whip and you try to pull the e-brake and be really fucking cool you're in a truck
you've never driven before and you catch an edge on one of the tires because it's too
bald and old and you hit a rock or some shit and you flip this mother and as soon as the truck
flips everyone in the back just flies out and i need everyone to roll constitution in order to
avoid taking damage for this car crash including pass john lee pettymore so i have that i have a
thing that makes it so that i basically can't lose a con but i went ahead and rolled and i got a 69
so i technically could succeed i got a 33 no you oh my god i cannot wait to describe this
hell yeah man success
fuck yeah freeze frame the truck is perpendicular to the ground the driver's side only about six
inches from the crunchy december grass and the water and fish filled truck bed is erupting
sideways yeeting keith out at the speed of john's insane out of body recklessness heavy on the wreck
but with a success keith lands right on top of jimmy sanders who gets squished into the now
wet and fish covered ground john's critical allows him to grab a hold of tyler and tuck and roll
smoothly out of the driver's side window and as the truck rolls we see john and tyler huddled
together somehow unscathed by this chaos field machine but most importantly with a 69 clark
leaps out of the truck bed allowing it to roll underneath him as clark's legs begin churning at
the speed of the crash he lands mid sprint and continues to chase the tumbling truck as it rolls
wildly into the exit for contention's intersection directly toward there's a big sign what would the
sign be for there's a big sign that says owls tires and tigers i'm gonna suggest
and it's got a big arrow pointing to the right to the north and it says like one mile
on your left keith vigna john lee pettymore jimmy sanders are all just like on the ground
andrew carrey oh andrew carrey oh shit uh i'm gonna roll for drew carrey yeah roll for drew carrey
i can't read it 77 77 ooh what does that mean
okay we're good drew carrey takes a fair amount of damage but not enough
it's uh five hit points of damage as drew carrey oh let's see constitution check to stay conscious
passes fails shit so drew carrey unconscious on the ground laying in a just a wet puddle with uh
with fish just flapping around on the ground and keith vigna and jimmy sanders are also in this
wet mess john lee pettymore and tyler are huddled with each other on the ground having just rolled
out of this insanely dangerous situation and clark bishop is standing just watching this truck
just erupt into flames in this intersection as it destroys a sign for owls tires and tigers
i guess we don't really need to move the crane now i need an alertness check from everyone
fail eight pass i pass a 15 on a 70 zach just rubbed his head for good luck
yeah put the fucking hat back on american history x
oh zackie poo that hurt so you uh
you should have left more or taken more i don't know
you gotta go full lex luther or your dad both of whom are hot bald dudes just to the right of the
sign that is just exploded up into truck flames because that's what happens when
vehicles roll they all explode every time right not a chance that they wouldn't for sure to the
right of that you see that there is a storm drain that leads down into the sewers and there are arms
that are crawling out of the storm drain and you see a very brightly colored shirt and a man pokes
his head up out oh my god gary gary y'all need to come with me right now
oh
oh
