Salutations and hellos. It's your radio goddess, Wolf the Dog.
I host this little old show y'all may enjoy at the radio station known as 694.2 PTBP.
What do those numbers and letters stand for? I honestly have no idea.
I used a random number and letter generator to make it.
But what is not random is the intentional love y'all have sent our way.
This howlin' with Wolf is from Silvestri who tweeted about the show and tagged at PretendingPod on Twitter.
Which, don't even get old Wolfy started on that. I'll X a thread so fast you'll zuck your musk.
Anyway, tag us on the internet please.
Silvestri writes
to listen to all the bonus episodes.
Now who is this Zach people keep speaking of?
And why does he spell his name like that?
What's so special about him?
I don't know. Maybe one day I'll get to meet this Zach.
Probably not though, I'm uh, I'm pretty busy.
Anyway, thanks for writing in.
Next time if you could talk a little less about a Zach and a little more about a Wolf
that would be pretty nice of ya.
If you want to write up something for your wolf to how,
tag at PretendingPod on Instagram threads or Twitter.
Tag PretendingToBePeople on Facebook.
Tag users slash PretendingToBePeople on Reddit.
Or write up a five star review on the podcast app of your choice.
And get it in front of these here eyes of mine.
Oh, my favorite podcast app?
For reviews, it's definitely the Apple Podcast app.
Writing out a five star review on Apple Podcast does wonders for us here at PTBP,
which hopefully will allow us to continue broadcasting these wondrously terrible stories from 694.2,
the city's oldest and only radio station.
Whoa, what's that?
You want to support the show financially in exchange for a wild amount of really dope fully edited bonus episodes?
The Patreon link is in the show notes.
You want a shirt or a hat or a fanny pack or a beach towel?
That's so fun, I love that for you.
The merch store link is in the show notes.
You want to see all the links I tirelessly typed up to all of our shit?
Fucking bet, babies, the links are in the show notes.
There, there, I know change is hard, but it's already time for the news.
Last time, on episode 33, that's not Brock,
Daddy ran away with the drone footage of the old timey gymnasium with the bloody throne under the basketball hoop.
So they decided to head to the foundry, both for a drink and to hopefully meet up with Dr. Brock Hargrave.
In the foundry's parking lot, Beck showed the team a clip of the Jaguar that jumped on the train over Godel's Gate to Grover's Gorge,
seemingly speaking as it slid down the side of the strange smooth chasm.
Inside the foundry, the can crew was approached by a ghastly gaunt woman who called herself Elijah.
It muttered about 836 under her breath while she openly discussed Dr. Hargrave and Dr. Murray
and her status as a cowboy before she attempted to smoke meth at the table.
Taking us now to the foundry where Stevie is feeding this Elijah woman Adderall so she doesn't smoke methamphetamine in public,
it just feels so right.
It's Alter Girl with My Life is Great and It's All My Fault.
All my fault.
What's he building in there?
You know that song?
Chocolate of course.
It's like chocolate of course. Of course.
I'll buy us IMAX tickets for that one.
Oh gosh. Look how big the chocolate is.
I thought he was going to redo Chocolat.
That'd be better.
Timothy Chocolat.
What other Johnny Depp movies could he do?
If Timothée Chalamet played...
Rango?
That'd be crazy.
What was that movie? It was a book I think.
The Rum Diaries?
Fearing Loathing in Las Vegas.
Fearing Loathing in Las Vegas?
Dude, but Timothée Chalamet in Leaving Las Vegas?
Do you think he could do it?
Do you think he could do it?
He could do a pretty good job at it.
After seeing the trailer to Wonka, you think that he could do it?
Yeah, I think it's not him being bad as the movie is bad.
You know what? No shit. He would be a great What's Eating Gilbert Grape.
Yeah. The mom.
Or the grape.
The grape.
Being grape of course.
Tell us what you're doing over there.
From now on, when I think Timothée Chalamet, it'll be verbing of course.
Peabody Award.
I think that's kind of how you say it.
Peabody?
Peabody.
Nah, say it in a British accent.
Peabody Award.
The Peabody Award.
Sorry dude.
Were you just saying it in a British accent?
You guys are saying body so hard which is not how anybody says it.
Peabody.
Peabody.
Peabody.
Peabody.
Peabody. I think it's Peabody.
Peabody.
Peabody.
Peabody Award.
Peabody.
Peabody Award.
This is the Peabody.
The first annual Peabody's.
For highest score on the turfs, has Cal won a Peabody Award?
Yeah, for sure.
A what?
A Peabody Award?
Peabody?
Peabody?
Peabody?
Peabody.
There were a couple websites that awarded him a Peabody Award but he wasn't really aware
of that.
Was he deserving?
I think it was more of a wish, like a wish that like buddies we'd like to pee with.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
A hundred percent.
But he's also won a Peabody.
Yeah.
It's like comedians in cars but it's journalists in bathrooms.
We're gonna go check out this restaurant and spend a whole lot of time in their bathroom.
And it's carpool karaoke so they sing in there too.
A stall to stall interview.
Yeah, interview.
You know what Julius has been talking to us about in the van?
Pitching.
But like the thing is, you know, like on Hot Ones, they have to eat the wings.
You have to take a shit during the interview.
If you can't take a shit, they send a camera up there and find out what's going on.
And like everyone in the comments like makes fun of you for like not taking and picking
up shit.
Dude, it's like we call it talking shit.
Shit talking.
Shit talking.
Taking the piss.
Lord took a shit like nobody else, dude.
Who would the best shitter be, do you think?
What a weird joke.
That's somebody who's watched a lot of Hot Ones.
I think there would be different groups of fans who would want to see different kinds
of shit.
Because like best shit is pretty subjective.
Does it show the shit after they did it?
Oh yeah, there's a camera down there watching the shit go in.
And so you're like, yeah, no ass, just shit.
It's a perpendicular.
Yeah.
Did you see?
It's tasteful, okay?
It's tasteful.
But some people like, I think if it's a more spectacular splash, that might do it for some
people.
But you'll see a lot of people in the comment going like, eat fiber scrub.
I personally would be more impressed by how much of a solid log can you get out before
it has to get pinched off?
Like how much of just a smoothie assembly line are you?
Because at that point you're showing off your sphincter.
Yeah.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's only a poop cam.
No ass cam.
No, no, no, no.
I didn't mean, you're saying the power thereof to not cut it off.
Right.
Yeah.
Full relaxation.
Do you think we've lost some listeners?
Yeah.
Did you see Obama went on talking shit?
They're getting big names, dude.
Oh my God.
So smooth.
I would choose George Bush though for that conversation.
H.W. or W?
W.
W.
I paint little Iraqi children.
Oh, that's the Onion article.
He's shitting and painting and interviewing and it's honestly, it's pretty cool.
He talks about how he did 9-11.
He's so, he's so plain and fast and loose in there.
The scoops they get on talking shit.
Yeah.
I wasn't like totally, I didn't totally know about it.
I just, you know, I knew it was happening.
If we decide that talking shit doesn't work for the intro, what could we pivot to here
roughly?
I think it's pretty good shit.
Yeah.
And we're finished with it now and now we're starting episode 34 pretending to be people.
Welcome.
The island of Dr. Insano.
We have been learning some things and we are at the foundry and we are around a table.
I feel like we've got a bunch more about to be learned.
It shows, it's like you just unpaused it and it's Julius saying rock.
I tell you what.
Okay.
All right.
Calm down.
Calm down.
So it was Elijah, right?
Can I call you Elijah?
That's right.
You can call me Ruth for sure.
Or wait, sorry.
What?
Ruth.
Okay.
I'll call you Ruth.
Whatever you want.
Yes.
What made you want to meet with us?
I forgot to ask you.
I was going to ask you what you thought of Dr. Murray.
You must've gotten a, how do you know?
She's good.
She's a doctor.
They're all kind of like that.
But like personality wise, what do you, what do you think about her?
Well, it doesn't really matter.
We're talking about one doctor, you know?
No, just like whether or not she's a disciplined and good person.
I mean, she helped us.
Do you think you're a disciplined and good person?
She growls as she looks across the table.
You were about to go smoke meth.
Smoke meth.
I do what needs to be done for this country.
Are you willing to do the same?
Meth?
Just, I just have to stop it.
He got caught.
He got caught.
He got caught.
He got caught.
It's just, it's going to get everyone, you know?
Cause we're all just considered as sheep to be slaughtered at this point, you know?
So it is, it's fine.
He got caught by the 836.
He got caught by the 836.
What does that mean?
What is the 836?
I don't, I don't know exactly, but I did know that if water is measured in cubic feet and
it's built in units of a hundred cubic feet, okay?
A hundred cubic feet, HCF, HCF, 836.
It's, it's holy cow farms.
It's, it's the eighth letter of the alphabet, the third letter of the alphabet, and the
sixth letter of the alphabet, HCF.
The milk place?
Which is equal, yes, to 748 gallons of water or milk, thank you.
And if you start at eight, 748 gallons, right?
So if you start at eight, go backwards and you have a four minus one is three and a seven
minus one is six, uh, 836 and if you take both of those negative ones together and the
minus cancel out and then you get plus 11, which if you do that eight times to the original
number of 748, you get Butter Cook.
Say it with me, 836.
That's right.
She points at Julius again.
Wait, 11 times 748?
Yeah, that last part I don't think had to have come.
That didn't work.
No, you multiply the 11 times 8 and add it.
What's your name?
Julius.
Julius knows what I'm talking about.
Okay.
She's making a lot of sense.
Yeah.
It sounds like you've got this all figured out.
I mean, you were talking earlier about something wild.
I mean, it sounds like you saw something wild too.
I just saw a dead man, a pair of legs of a man named Jimmy Corrigan.
Like that stupid comic book?
I don't know nothing about it.
My daughter, she made me read it.
It's very sad.
So who, do you guys know who Jimmy Corrigan is?
No.
What?
He's an American patriot who lost his top half.
At the same time as Brock?
Yes, lost his life.
How did Brock know him?
I may have sent Jimmy to go looking for...
And at that moment you see all the TVs in the foundry all cut to CNN for breaking news.
Pan News Network.
9-11-2.
Finally you see all the TVs flashing breaking news across the bottom of each of the screens
and your eyes inadvertently go to the screen showing can.
Julius is saying, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck.
And a seemingly rushed Isabella Caya is kind of getting herself together as the camera
goes live on her and she says, yeah, yeah, yes, yes, yes, yes, hello.
To everyone in the city, I do have some heartbreaking news for you.
American tycoon, Fred Godel is dead.
Cal looks over at Stevie.
Stevie is stunned, shocked, mouth slightly ajar with like amazement, astonishment, confusion.
Maybe, maybe some of your brother still is in there.
My, my, it's like their ears are just like ringing and they're just looking down and
they started kind of stumbling up from their chair and walk across the foundry to the bathroom.
Do you think it got old?
Hey, Maggie, can you turn that up?
We are, um, just now getting word that Godel company has put out a statement about the
passing of Fred Godel Monday night.
That's counting on his fingers.
Just told his notes.
They're going to find out how many days this was.
Yesterday was Thursday, Monday, July 4th, 2022.
And at that moment, each of you starts thinking to yourself, Oh my God, did I miss the 4th of July?
You saw Fred Godel after that.
He was at a gas station on the road as we were departing Godel's gorge.
Shit.
Wait, who realizes it?
All of us at the same time.
Wait a minute.
Are you guys thinking what I'm thinking?
Say it all together now.
We saw Fred Godel after he left.
After he's supposed to have died.
So he couldn't be dead.
He's not dead?
He's not dead, Stevie.
Wait.
No, that's Elijah.
I'm not Stevie.
You guys, dude, he sounds kind of similar.
I thought Stevie had come back.
I do go by many names.
Julius, yell at Stevie again.
Stevie!
Stevie, Stevie, come back.
He's not dead.
We probably have to kill him.
Or at least capture him.
Contain.
Maim.
It's like good news, bad news sort of for everything in general for you.
Yeah, I know they probably felt a lot of complicated feelings when you heard about the death of
your father.
I know I sure did, but he's not really dead.
You still have to kill him.
Your mission is not finished.
You don't need to process stuff now, but later you will for sure.
This is like a good practice for that.
Hey, Ruth, cover your ears.
No.
Fuck.
I don't have any money.
As he reaches out to me.
She goes, do you have a vape on you?
Do we need anything else from her?
I mean, I feel like we need a lot of stuff.
What is your deal, dude?
Are you here to get to the bottom of this?
Yes.
We want to find out the truth.
We're the news.
Ruth.
Oh, nice.
Cal, good one.
Thank you.
You can't deny the dog.
You can't deny the dog.
Not as good.
There.
You can't deny the rhyme.
She's looking at you, Cal, with one eye and the other one is searching your chin, your
mouth.
Yeah, he's got the same sort of facial situation as you.
Who's that, then?
Does this person literally have independent motion of eyes?
Or is that just a fun way to describe the way Googly-
It's just a fun way to describe her disability.
You're not fucking sure.
I nudge Julius.
Julius, remember that joke about being a chameleon?
Look at those eyes.
We're talking about animal people and shit.
What do chameleons like to eat?
Oh, like flies, right?
Bugs.
Yeah.
There sure are a lot of bugs in here.
Have you noticed that?
A lot of bar flies.
A lot of bar flies.
Guys, shut up.
What do you think about the bugs in here?
Okay, let me just step away from the game real quick and ask you a question about how
you want season two to go.
Yeah.
We wanted to be a chameleon lady.
Duh.
We want chameleon, of course.
The whole time.
In both arcs.
All I'm saying is that my house address is 8 Oak Avenue.
8 is the first number, and Oak is three letters, and Avenue is also three letters, or six letters.
So that's 836.
And also, them, what are they calling them?
Lightning tornadoes?
They're leaving those smooth holes in the ground everywhere?
Yeah, what about them?
They're occurring at the exact opposite side of the world every four hours and 18 minutes
from when they hit.
And what's the circumference of one of those circles?
Hitting another random location.
Actually, I think that might be it.
Two minutes and nine seconds later, or maybe those seconds add up to some sort of time
unit that's 836.
836.
I wrote it down for a reason, but it's another one of my 836.
836.
Is that your house?
836.
Yeah, 836.
What?
Is that your house?
It's just 836.
What?
This is at your house?
836.
What?
You wrote this down.
Yeah.
That's at your house.
836.
What?
Do you have it in an email or something?
Could you just forward that to us?
Do you fax?
I love to fax.
Thomas' eyes lit up.
Oh my God.
He's so happy.
Thomas is so in character.
Count like four.
It starts to write down the...
What do you think?
Oh, yeah.
Let me give you the can, the fax number, okay?
Okay.
It's 836.
Son of a bitch.
Look at that.
It's everywhere.
Look at that.
Look at that.
It's everywhere.
Look at that.
Look at that.
So it's the area code for the city.
That's all it is?
All our phone numbers start with 836.
Yeah, but is it more?
Hey, Maggie.
How much is old fashioned with tax?
Why do you want to know?
It's like seven something maybe.
Fuck.
Oh, close.
It was close.
And then she punches it in.
After tax, it's 836.
Holy shit.
What is this?
The fucking Truman Show?
We do always have a camera on us.
Everybody roll grip.
Yeah, that's a failure.
I fail.
I fail as well.
Well, perfect.
Then we get a little group madness here.
Why don't you tell us exactly what the fuck is going on here, chameleon lady?
She never answered the fly question.
You eat flies, don't you?
And Stevie walks out of the bathroom.
He's not dead.
Your dad's not dead.
You still have to kill him.
This woman's a fucking chameleon.
She stands up and backs away.
And she's like, I'm not a chameleon.
I'm not a chameleon.
My mouth is dry from the amphetamines or whatever I was given by your friend.
And I'm not a chameleon.
Okay, Stevie.
She may or may not be a chameleon.
Yeah?
Wait, did you say my dad's not dead?
Your dad's not dead, Stevie.
We saw him.
We saw him after he was supposed to have died.
On the way back from the gorge.
At the gas station.
At the gas station.
Wait, when did they say he died?
That doesn't mean-
July 4th.
Okay.
8 minus 3 is 6.
Okay, just because they said that he died on a different day doesn't mean he's not dead.
But that is good, I guess.
What's his birthday?
I think we already did this bit.
Because I said August 36th.
Perfect.
Fuck.
It's coming up everywhere.
Zach, I need to know how much sand I lost.
Yeah.
By the way, you all just lose one grip for that.
That's what, yeah.
I'm sorry.
How dare you apologize.
That hits me right smack onto my breaking point.
Do you break then?
Oh, that's fortuitous.
I mean, Luke and Thomas can leave the room if they want, but I think we all know what
your mania's gonna be.
Oh, yeah.
He's got the numbers in him.
Life is a circle.
Becky's got the numbers in him.
Oh, boy.
Is it so it's not a phobia, it's a mania?
Oh, I guess that's up to you.
You can do whichever one you want and you don't have to tell any of us.
You can just do it.
Okay.
I bet we'll figure it out real quick.
Real quick.
It's either ah or ooh.
What do you guys think it's gonna be?
Oh, I think it's gonna be ooh.
I think it's gonna be ooh.
Interesting.
Maggie, Maggie.
Are you just fucking with us?
About what?
The price.
Yeah.
Well, at least that didn't do any serious mental damage.
And a joke that does no harm is all good.
All on fun, right, Beck?
Yeah, I mean, if it was actually fucking with us, it could have been 836.
In fact, I bet it fucking was 836.
That's what I'm talking about.
Yeah, right there.
That fire.
You ready to join up?
You ready to do this?
Octopus.
Tripod.
Spider.
Yes.
Holy shit!
Yep.
Holy shit!
Yep.
What's it mean?
That's exactly right.
Spiders have...
I'm talking like you now.
It's hard not to hear.
It's a fun voice.
Spiders have eight legs.
Oh, phew.
That's 838.
Okay.
But most insects have six legs.
Oh shit!
Ah!
Holy shit!
Almost any bug.
Anything you'd consider a bug, really.
It's everywhere.
It's all around us.
Julius is going to text X, do we know Ruth slash Elijah, and like snap a pic.
Like kind of like just above the table.
It flashes and like...
Yeah, roll stealth.
Ooh, 42 and a 40.
What was that?
Why'd you do that?
Oops.
And he hits it.
Oops.
Give me that phone.
No way.
Give me that.
Give me that.
Yeah, he's going to defend himself harder than he needs to.
Okay, 54 on a 60.
No, 79 on a 70.
She rips away your phone from you and...
He pulls his gun out and points it at her.
All right, everybody.
Calm down.
Uh oh.
Uh oh.
Hey.
Give me back my phone or I'll fucking kill you.
Uh, Beck is kind of looking around.
We're just doing a play.
We're just acting out a play.
Maggie rings the bell and says, hey, put that fucking gun down.
Yeah, Julius, don't pull a gun in Maggie's bar and hey, you know, if you want our friend
Stevie to give you some more of their Adderall, maybe you should give Julius his phone back.
He like slowly starts to lower the gun but is like reaching his hand out, like expecting
her to meet with the phone.
What is the number for X listed in your phone?
It's under Diggory, not X because no one actually calls her X.
That is the X-Files, right?
Right.
She scolded her.
Barely knew her.
Um, it's under Diggory because that's how he was introduced.
As she hands the phone back to you, she like turns it facing herself.
So she's like looking at the text.
Julius grabs it as quick as he can out of her hand.
Huh.
She's got one eye on you and the other eye on you.
Guys, we need to go.
Julius starts heading towards the door.
But it's our news bar.
She should go.
As Julius is walking away.
Julius is also texting X, uh, she knows.
She's hollering at him and she says, uh, it's a big world, Julius.
Fuck.
Which side are you on?
Julius leaves the foundry.
As Beck is leaving, he wants to say, and uh, you got Cal's fax number.
I'd love to see some of that information on the 836 you've gathered.
Yes, we are the sheep, but if we all are aware of the machine that is doing the slaughtering,
can we not rise?
Can you?
Maybe.
Hmm.
You want to be the sheep.
I'm confused.
We can rise.
Can sheep go upstairs?
How many more than cows?
I think they can't look up.
Is that right?
Texas dogs can't look up.
How many, uh, how many more of them pills you got there?
Stevie Cal gets between Stevie and uh, and Ruth.
Now we're just going to back away.
Stevie's going to lay down one more 10 milligram instant release Adderall right there, right there on the floor.
And we're all just going to back away.
And you're going to pick that up and you're going to leave Maggie's bar.
We're going to leave it too.
And then you can have your little X-Files war or whatever. I don't know.
And as you slowly start backing away, she reaches down slowly, keeping eye on you.
Both picks up the pill.
And as you leave, I think you guys are probably at the parking lot and you see her leave.
Bye, Ruth.
Like in her car?
No, leave the bar.
Oh.
She waves.
Guys, it's Ruth.
Julius is like pacing back and forth and like just looking at his phone waiting for a response.
She has some really good ideas about things.
Julius, can you tell us what the fuck is going on with your little cowboy club or whatever?
Yeah, I'll tell you in a little bit, but it's imperative that she does not know where we're going.
We didn't tell her about the footage that we have. She cannot know about that.
They don't want it out.
Who's, who's?
She's the bad guys. I'm the good guys.
Who's in charge and who's rebelling?
There's a lot of details. I know what Diggory tells me and what-
You don't-
Diggory?
You don't know, you don't know who's, you don't know who's anything.
I know that it exists and I know that you just, you follow orders and that's, that's what I know.
It's what I've known for years.
Do you know who those cowboys she mentioned are?
He does two thumbs to himself.
Oh, you're a cowboy?
Yeehaw.
But she thinks they're the cowboys. You're all cowboys?
She thinks that Dr. Murray is no longer a cowboy, right?
He doesn't do two thumbs to himself. He does two fingers over to Ruth.
And you're Diggory?
X.
X.
Here's what I know. I take orders from her now.
Before that, I took orders from someone else since I was a teen.
That's all I've done and I never questioned it. I never needed to.
I just knew you do what they tell you and you're going to be okay.
And you get to find out so much.
You get to find out so much.
Cow like puts his hands on your shoulders and he says,
Yeah, but you see, you're a can man now.
You take your orders from me. We're the ones who find out so much.
You've got to admit, we've been finding out a lot.
Julius just about loses his mind, like...
Come with us, son. We'll tell you what to do.
Okay, I've got to tell you everything just so that like...
We're all on the same page.
Yeah, because if I just go with you guys, it's not going to be safe for any of us.
Okay, why don't you tell us what you know?
Well, when, you know, when I was 16, I got taken into the firm and...
By that scary guy, right? That you told us about?
Oh shit, she's still here. Oh, sorry, Stevie.
No, yeah, it's me. I have a much gravelier and like upper register voice.
I thought it was Ruth, too.
Whereas the other ones, less gravelly and lower and a little southern.
But I'll try to change them even more in the future.
What did they say?
No, they're distinct. It's just...
You were taken by the firm when you were 16?
Yeah, I got... Well, initially I got taken, but yeah, I like joined up with them and...
I mean, literally since I was 16, I've been doing this like 13 years. I've fallen the orders.
Wait, what's the wildest thing you've ever done?
Yeah, what's the wackiest thing you've done for these guys?
Well, I'll tell you wacky.
Wild, too. And then Beck, what do you want to...
Scary. Just like real quick, you know, just like super easy.
Come up with three really complicated things for us.
Well, like...
Whole new stories.
My old handler and I, we had to like dig up a whole graveyard of people to like inspect them to make sure...
So that's the wacky one.
Well, and then like the cops came because someone saw us digging up every single body we dug up.
Well, scariest was when the cops showed up and there was like 10 of them.
And then I guess like the worst thing was after me and my handler killed all 10 of them.
And then we had to bury all the bodies plus 10 more back after we looked at all the dead bodies.
And we didn't even find what we were looking for. So it sucked, too. So that's your answer.
Whoa. Knocked out all three in one.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Although after that, like it was not hard to kill any more people. It was not hard at all.
I imagine it wasn't.
It was kind of fun sometimes.
Oh, no.
Okay. Yeah.
You got to...
Not every time.
When you share a newsman with a van, you need to know his deepest secrets and now you do.
You share a newsman with a van?
Luke, do you have luck?
No.
Yeah, you do.
Oh, hell yeah.
Good job.
Nice.
Yeah, that was awesome.
All of that to like say, I know that the shit that I got told to do was almost always dangerous.
Someone almost always got hurt. And the people above the person above me, there's a person above them.
And it just gets worse the higher up you go.
And if we piss them off, it's not going to be good. And we're already, we don't agree on how to run things or they don't.
And so they're going to be dangerous now.
Which side has more power, yours or theirs?
I mean, it's hard to say, but theirs.
No, it's hard to say. It's hard to say, but ours.
That seems harder.
Like the non-messed out ones?
Well, they're not all met well.
And he thinks, yeah.
Wow.
Son of a bitch.
But here's the deal, like the footage that we have, my team, we want to show it. We need to get it out there. Their team?
Wants to put the kibosh on it.
Exactly.
So we're leaning your team.
Right. Um, yeah. So what I'm saying is like, we got to stick with our guys. If, if we got to break off from them, we should wait.
And then we got to be prepared. If we, if they tell us to do something that we don't want to do, it's gonna, they're going to know quick.
They're everywhere.
Stevie puts their hand on Julius's shoulder.
Hey man, uh, I know that it's, uh, it's hard to kind of break away from something that you've always known, but I think you're making the right call.
Well, thank you. Well, I mean, you made a good point and you guys are like the only people I've loved since my last handler.
And like, uh, I don't think I have any of that love left at where I am.
We do. We do love you, Julius. We're a family here at Cannes, but you're going to protect that family.
Yeah, it's going to be dangerous though. But is Ruth, where's Ruth at, at this point?
I mean, you guys got into the can van and just kind of watched Ruth walk around, do some circles.
There's not like a car that she went to or anything.
No, uh, she just walked down the street and then kind of disappears in the distance.
Peeking behind a trash can, waiting for us to come out.
Cal, run her over. Or, or let me. Or I could just shoot her. But then they'll, fuck, I wish X would text me back.
Don't, don't, don't run her over. Just let her be.
What if we brought her to X?
Julius is going to call X.
Speak your phone?
Yep.
Bring, bring, bring, bring.
Yes, Julius.
First off, they know, they know the whole thing. And second off, Ruth, she knows that we're here. She saw your name on my phone.
Okay.
What do we do with her? I see her right now.
You have eyes on the target?
Yeah. And she might have eyes on us from what I saw.
Her eyes are crazy.
Hey, X. Hi, Cal, Colorado here. Also, uh, Beck has the numbers in him.
No, I, I just, it's like normal that you see 836 everywhere. Everybody, everybody sees it everywhere.
Well, that's, that's nothing that a bit of therapy can't fix. Mr. Colorado, I'm sure of it.
Good. You hear that, Beck?
Probably costs 836 bucks.
X, Cal, Colorado. How much does it cost?
Oh, I'm with your insurance. I, I've really, I have no idea.
If you had to guess.
I don't know. Maybe $80 for a session. Is that normal?
How many cents?
How many cents? What is that question?
How many cents?
I don't know how many cents. It would be whatever the...
Okay, well, so 80 bucks. That's, see, you just encountered some numbers that weren't the numbers.
Probably like a convenience charge for the card.
It's probably like $83 and 60 cents.
Maggie said she was messing with you.
I'm going to need you to like 836 that out of your brain, dude.
Shit.
What the fuck?
Has it always been like that?
836.
God damn it.
Yeah, 836.
Son of a bitch.
What do we do with her?
Lure her into the van with Adderall and then tie her up.
We could bring her to you. We could kill her. She knows.
Actually, though, Julius, like, we were pretty good in there.
Like, she just knows that we know about Brock, but we don't even really know about Brock.
And we kind of alluded to the fact that we don't know about Brock.
But she knows that we're not cowboys.
And she looked at me with both her eyes and looked at me bad.
She looked at me with both her eyes once. It wasn't...
How is she...
Into both my eyes.
How is she doing?
Not bad.
Not bad?
No. Yes, bad.
Yeah.
She tried to smoke meth in front of us at the bar. Inside.
Were there witnesses?
No.
Sort of. Like, you could call them witnesses, but at the Foundry, nobody's ever a witness.
Oh, you were at the Foundry.
Maggie, yeah. Maggie keeps her mouth shut.
But also, you know, she's...
It's a rough part of town. All sorts wander in.
I don't think Maggie took Ruth as anything particularly odd.
Okay. Well, what do you think we should do, Julius?
I don't know. I don't know.
I've got, uh, like, a vote.
I know I'm not, like, part of, like, your guys' club.
Well, you're in it now.
Let's just, like, let her twist in the wind for a while, and maybe she'll lead us to something that we can use.
I love it.
X, Cal, Colorado. What do we think about that?
I think it's time that Julius had a bit more agency, and so if he thinks that's a good idea, what do you think, Julius?
I like it. Beck, I got a question.
Do you have an air tag on any of your equipment in here?
Yeah.
I need one.
Sure. Give me a sec.
And he goes and grabs a spare air tag.
Okay. Give me an Adderall.
That's a Stevie prop.
Stevie, give me an Adderall.
Yeah, yeah. I see what you're doing.
He takes the air tag and the Adderall.
That's brilliant.
I drive over to Ruth, and Julius hops out, and he offers her an Adderall, and while she's looking at it, he just shoves the air tag down into her purse.
Oh, I thought you were going to tape the air tag to the Adderall.
Or swallow it.
They're noticeably bigger than an Adderall.
I know. That's why it's funny.
This is an extra large Adderall.
I hear Cal say that in the background, and he doesn't drop the air tag in, slaps it on, and swallow this right now.
Rubs it down her throat like a dog.
He does all that, so she's seen the Adderall without it, and he slaps it on, and makes it better.
It makes it better.
The kid told us, I don't know anything about it. She said it's what they're all doing.
Go persuade.
Forty on a sixty.
I'll do it.
Quick, you're running out of time.
Cowboy, and he does little finger guns at her.
Whoa, that was cool.
The kids call that a cow patty.
Throws it in her mouth, and is like, all right, thank you.
See ya, you know, around.
Beck, in the background, in the van, is doing finger guns in the air. Like a yee-haw, cowboy.
I don't condone the use of modern technologies to pursue journalism, but this was well done, boys. Very well done.
As he's about to get back in the van, he looks at her and goes, my name's Jim. Just Jim.
Remember, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim.
He's hoping that she'll focus on that and forget his real name, and he hops back in the van.
She laughs like I did and throws her hands over her mouth and is like, all right, bye.
What's my name?
Jim.
Yeah, bye. And he hops in the van and he's like, let's get the fuck out of here.
Let's go.
Beck, is it showing up on your phone? Is she tagged?
I've got a blip.
Holy fuck yeah.
We should have her for the next, I don't know, twelve to twenty-four hours.
I don't know. It might get stuck up in there. She's probably on some opioids too, so she, I don't know that she.
I didn't get a downers vibe from her.
They like to mix it sometimes, I don't know.
Even though your whole crew is, you're all kind of downers.
Well, I guess Brock's dead, so what do we do now?
We were going to meet.
Let's go see Kaylee.
We were going to meet up with Kaylee, but to ask her about what the residue does?
No, we just have the lead that Dr. Murray said that somebody at the Brock Hargrave site saw people trying to climb into somebody else.
And we know that Kaylee tried to do that, tried to climb into the other Kaylee.
Yeah, let's go see Kaylee. Like, she might, I don't know what kind of shit Hargrave had going on, but obviously it was something crazy.
Actually, Cal, to your point, yeah, we would probably ask her if she saw that residue since we found the residue at the Brock site.
Maybe that's the connection? We can find that out.
Or maybe she knew Hargrave and knows something else about it. Lived to tell the tale.
She came into contact with the stuff somehow, so.
I think we gotta go talk to her.
The stuff being the craziness, right?
She got the goggle in her.
I resent that, maybe. I don't know, fuck that name, whatever.
And then we'll find your dad.
Yeah, and you can kill your dad, Stevie.
I don't, still.
Come on, Stevie, everybody wants to kill their dad.
I don't know if I want to.
We'll kill him for you.
Oh, boy.
I think it's important that Stevie do this themselves.
You're right, you're right.
That's the full house ending.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Julius is gonna, like, look around in the van for, like, press passes and give the prison a call.
But he's not gonna do it on speakerphone.
And he's gonna whisper in the corner of the van while he does it.
Are you implying that you want us to leave?
I would, if it could be a private conversation.
You're calling the prison?
Yes.
To talk to Kaylee?
No, to tell them, like, heads up, we're coming in and want to talk to this prisoner.
Oh, okay.
What if it's not?
Yeah, why do you want to do that privately?
There's definitely a reason I want to do it privately.
But we'd still hear what you were saying.
Not if I'm in the corner super quiet.
Okay.
Real stealth.
And then you guys are all alertness.
And if you beat him, then you get to stay in the room.
How'd you do on stealth?
I failed a 41 on a 40 for my alertness.
I failed as well, though.
I got a six on alertness.
Okay, so Thomas gets to stay in the room.
That sucks.
I needed to pee.
Hey, can you guys put your headphones in?
What?
Yeah, dude, sure, no problem.
Yeah, Stevie immediately throws on headphones as well.
Yeah, sure, sure.
Headphones.
Boing, boing.
Boing, boing.
This is Officer Peeler.
Ooh, that's gonna be rough.
This is Officer Peeler.
This is at the city jail.
Yeah, I'm calling with Can News.
We need to schedule a couple interviews.
Yeah, okay.
Can News.
Shout out to Sindre from Norway for Officer Stu Peeler, who is red-faced and intense and
talks like he has to force every word out through his throat or like he's taking a shit.
Nailed it, Zach.
Thanks.
Thanks, Sindre.
S-I-N-D-R-E?
Sindre.
Sindre.
Sindre.
Sindre.
Which of the, um, which of the...
One from each.
What are their names?
Kaylee Silver and...
Uh, Burl Summers.
What was that?
Burl Summers.
Yeah, when will you be here?
Forty-five minutes.
Okay.
Get them ready for you.
May have to wait a little bit.
Maybe at the front.
I'm ready.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Hey, Julius.
Yeah?
Who's Burl Summers?
Claire.
He is.
That did not work out well for you there, Luke.
Uh-uh.
You shouldn't have done personal business on cam time.
On cam time!
There's no secrets in the van, Julius.
As Cal hollers something out from the front of the can van, Stevie and Beck both are kind
of, like, startled and take off their headphones.
Sorry, guys.
I asked Julius, who's Burl Summers?
Well, fuck.
I just...
I figured we're going to the prison and I got a family member in there that I figured
I'd say hi to because I don't know if I'm ever going to be able to go back to the prison
This seems dangerous and I might not ever get to see him again, so I just wanted to
say hi while we talked to Kaylee.
And he's, like, not looking at anybody, just kind of looking down.
I don't understand, Julius.
Is that, like, what's his relation to you?
Well, it's my dad.
Have you seen him since you've been kidnapped?
Well, I mean, I guess I told you all about the firm and everything, so fuck it.
And then you guys pull up to the city jail and prison.
It is a complex here with a nice big visitor's office in the front with big concrete stairs
that lead up to a couple different segments of double glass doors in the front.
And there's just big concrete pillars on either side.
We're here, but Julius, you weren't quite done with what you were saying.
As Julius is getting ready to tell you, it flashes back to Julius getting abducted in
the woods by the man with, like, one stringy long hair on his chin and crazy hair.
And it cuts to that guy dragging Julius into the woods and then opening a bunker door and
dragging him down and telling him that he's got to go get supplies and information.
And then he locks the door behind him and leaves.
So Julius is looking all around this, like, underground bunker for a way to get out.
And he can't find a way out, but he finds this, like, library room that's filled with,
like, monster books and, like, occult shit and just wild crazy shit.
And he's, like, reading through some of it and he's, like, I've been abducted by a fucking maniac.
And he, like, keeps looking around in the room and he moves a painting.
And behind the painting is, like, a hollowed out area with two VHS tapes in it.
So he finds the VCR and he shoves the first tape in.
And it's, like, POV, like, handheld camera footage of a guy running through the woods
holding this camera chasing, like, a big rat.
And it's that for, like, 30 seconds.
And then it immediately cuts to, like, a giant rat in a dog kennel and its face is, like, human.
And it has big rat teeth.
And the guy behind the camera is whispering it to it, like, can you talk?
Hey, buddy, can you talk?
Say something.
Say something.
And it goes on for a couple minutes and Julius at 16 years old is, like, freaking out
and ejects the tape and puts the second tape in.
And it's the same quality camera, still handheld.
And the guy is, like, looks like it's kind of same pants and shoes and stuff.
But this time it's in a hospital hallway.
And Julius is watching and finally he's, like, running down the hallway
and he gets into a room and he sees, like, a woman who is giving birth.
And once the camera, like, kind of stops shaking, he sees that it's Julius' much younger mother.
And the man behind the camera is, like, hey, honey, I just made it in time.
And it's the same voice as the voice that was in the first VHS tape.
Holy shit.
And it cuts back to real life in Julius.
That's absolutely wild.
Yeah.
What?
So that happens for the audience.
And then, yeah, Julius just goes, well, when I got kidnapped I had never met my father.
He's the one that kidnapped me.
Yeah.
Yeah, so I'd never met my dad before I got taken in.
And he's, yeah, he's the one that took me in.
He'd been part of the firm since he found some kind of monster, like a rat, human, hybrid thing.
A rat boy.
They contacted him and he, I was, like, a year old when they made him leave.
And he came back to get me and they offered me a spot and I took it, you know.
I didn't see my mom a lot and I never knew my dad so I figured it'd be a good chance to get to know him.
And we worked together basically my whole adult life and, yeah.
What landed him here?
Oh, a fucking job gone wrong.
We were, we saw some crazy shit and we killed it and we had to, well, it was in a building and we burnt the building down.
And cop Scott called and I got away and he didn't.
He was a fall guy.
Yeah, I guess.
I haven't seen him since.
How long ago was that rat man hybrid thing?
I mean, shit, 28 years ago.
The math checks out.
What's going on with the rat man today?
I mean, he never really got into it.
It was just, he saw that out in the woods and he caught it and then he kind of fucking lost it and just was into conspiracy stuff and researching occult stuff.
And I guess he must have found something because that's when the firm contacted him and said, you know, it's either work for us or, or nothing.
Would you like to talk to him while we talk to Kaylee?
I wanted to go see Kaylee.
I was just going to tell him hi and speak my mind to him, you know, tell him what I've been thinking about him.
And then I, you know, and then tell him I'll probably never see him again.
We all know what we're getting into when we get into this.
So it's just a nice little thing.
I never thought I'd get to do it.
Julius, that is nice.
And I'm glad you don't want to kill your dad.
No.
You know, Hey, yeah, you're probably going to die, right?
You're probably going to die, but, uh, if you don't, you'll almost certainly go to jail.
Well, I mean, you might see your dad again, but, but also think about this, Julius, think about this.
What if we sick thousands of rat men onto the creatures of Godel Gorge?
I think please follow up with him about the rat man.
I'll ask him, but I'm pretty sure that the rat man, I mean, he, they took the rat man away from him and just assigned him to go do other.
Just ask if he, if he, if he ever learned anything more.
I'll ask him, I'll see.
Text X too. Rat men? Question mark?
I mean, it sounds like the stuff we've already been working with, right?
It's a, it's an animal man.
Yeah. I mean, I'll, I'll ask him and see.
But if this was like one of the first cases.
It could have been the thing where I made up the backstory and didn't even put the two together.
I thought it was, no, it sounded like a distinct type of man animal hybrid.
I liked it. I think we could, we could mobilize the rat man.
Yeah. We could easily find a way to tie this all in.
Okay. So cut that last part out that I said.
Yeah. I'll, I'll, I'll ask him about it. I, you know, I want to get in and learn with Kaylee Silver, but I'll, I'll just talk to him, you know, as soon as, unless they're both out there at the same time, you know.
We'll definitely talk to him if there's time.
Okay.
And, and Julius, like, okay, let's go in. Let's go talk to Kaylee.
Outside the steps. I'm like, back, back, get this one, get this one. Okay.
Beck sets up.
Cal kind of has his hands crossed out in front of them. Like they're about to be cuffed and he's like, I'm Cal, Colorado, and today I'm going to jail.
Hell yeah.
Nice.
Also, let me plug in my computer.
Plug it in, plug it in.
Let me plug in real quick to my lungs.
Whoa, sorry.
You're good.
Oh no.
No, dude, these things, you can run them over, dude.
And I do.
I got to squeeze every last drop of juice out of those pods.
Running over with your car like a toothpaste.
Yeah.
Here, don't let me run over your head, but tell me when it's coming out.
Just give a good hard tap on the fender there.
What about this? Puff it in, puff it in.
That sounds good.
Was that air fresh or what?
Glade.
Glade.
What if it was, instead of Glade, it was vape and then it was puff it in, puff it in.
You could do that in the same font for sure.
Oh yeah, for sure.
Oh, you could do that in the same font for sure.
Oh yeah, for sure, dude.
No doubt you could put that in the same font for sure.
If you're buying a candle, what flavor are you buying?
Fur.
Ooh, yeah.
For sure.
Any tree scent.
Sandalwood.
Burning fur.
Burning hair.
I think if I see sandalwood.
F-I-R.
E, fire.
Plus E or in parentheses.
Minus eight.
And if you divide that by the smell, then you get?
Eight through six.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, roll.
Roll back.
Roll back.
And it's all my fault.
He shit his pants.
I shit my pants.
Zach shit his pants for real.
Method acting.
We're gonna have to spray down the pod room.
It's all over the walls.
It's gonna be tough to clean that out.
You can tell your wife that you shit yourself on your podcast.
For money.
If you actually shit yourself, Zach looks crazy.
If you actually shit yourself, I'm sorry.
I've never shit myself before.
Did you?
I hope including now.
Is your blood back in your head or out of it?
Whatever happened?
Taylor Zach shit himself.
