What's good, my nasty children?
It's your busted ass ass bustin' Buster Wolf the dog.
And I'm here to bust up them eardrums
with my drumstick tongue.
Am I Russian or am I dragon?
Who can say?
Prepare to get whiplashed like JK Simmons
because we got a new Howlin' with Wolf.
Today's Howlin' with Wolf comes from Maury from Seattle
who tweeted about the show
and tagged that pretendin' pod.
They right.
First things first, Wolf, your dulcet tones haunt my dreams
and your musical taste is always on point.
Much respect.
Mad thanks to the PTBP crew.
Y'all introduce this lifetime D&D player
to the fun Delta Green has to offer.
And last things last, shout out to my friends Darian,
Ryan, Robbie, and Mike.
You volunteered so I could learn how to be a good handler
and I promise to murder you all in fun and interesting ways.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Thank you, Maury from Seattle.
I once went to Seattle and I saw a whole bunch of crabs
feasting on a mound of rotten hot dogs.
Now that is a city Wolf can get inside of.
If you wanna howl at your Wolf, tag us on the internet.
Or write a five star review
and shoot us an email or somethin'.
We love hearin' from y'all.
All the links are in the show notes.
And while you're perusin' that vast and mysterious
worldwide spider butt stuff, go ahead and do Wolf a favor.
Follow at Scott Dorward on Twitter
and check out his various projects,
be they podcast or publication based.
And maybe fill up on hugs when you feel strife.
It's Grady Philip Drug with Real Life.
Life, surreal, in retrospect a dream.
Easy times, feel less than serene.
In the moment it's hard to count your blessings
so we long for days gone past us.
Grief and strife, bloody, that's Real Life.
All right, let's get gory and vory, baby.
So the rest of you upstairs,
having heard the orifice of the Earth,
having heard the orifice demanding Rothstein
and having lost Rothstein and his panic through the house,
what are you actually doing?
We gotta go.
And Frederick Mellon runs downstairs, takes off running.
This is the only room that we saw from the outside
with a light on in it.
There were other lights dotted throughout the house, yeah.
I guess I mean upstairs.
No, this was the only one upstairs.
Freddie, wait, what if the brain's in here too?
Do we wanna kill it before we get like the kids?
I don't, I really don't know.
It just might be good information to have
where this thing's like neurological center is.
Yeah, I mean it can hear us clearly talking about it.
Oh yeah, I mean.
Oh yeah, sure.
Well, it seems to be in a lot of pain.
All it wants is Rothstein right now.
It's probably not gonna answer our questions.
I wanna look around and see if I can spot anything hidden
that looks like some ganglia or neurons
or you know, gray matter up on the ceilings.
Oh, maybe that's why this room looks different color-wise.
Hmm, this is the kind of thing
where you should probably consult a medical doctor.
Thomas Dolan, what do you know about this?
I was really, I keep forgetting
that they're not the same kind of doctor
and I was really freaked out
that our medical doctor had just run off, but.
No, he's just a, you know, he's just a psychic.
Doctor, Dr. Coombs, what do you think?
Yeah, it's obviously,
is this a first aid roll or a medicine roll?
Let's say either medicine or biology.
Medicine.
That's a pass, a 58 on a 70.
Okay, you don't see anything in the room here
that looks like gray matter,
but yeah, you're fairly certain that
what's inside this room is maybe,
well, maybe working as lungs or something like lungs.
We seem to be in the respiratory system here.
This is all for the breathing of the apparatus here.
The lung and tongue room.
Lung and tongue, yeah.
Maybe the brains are in the attic.
Who said that?
But that is a good point.
Let's have listen rolls off the three of you
who are upstairs.
Just on the off chance you hear something useful.
43 on a 50.
I rolled the worst of the worst, a hundred.
Oh.
I also failed.
Okay, Dr. Coombs is fairly certain
that he has heard from deeper within the house
the sound of a slow, steady heartbeat.
And you may be able to identify what that is.
What Freddy has heard, however,
is the fairly distinctive crunch or cracking sound,
despairing scream and loud splash
of someone falling through the floor in the kitchen.
Heh heh heh heh heh heh.
I'm no medical doctor,
but I think I just heard someone fall through
that same hole that I fell through earlier.
Carl must have forgotten about the lull.
We should go down there.
There were stairs.
There were stairs down there.
Maybe they lead to wherever that hole leads.
You're right, we should go down the stairs.
Do we wanna be in the digestive area of the home?
What if, wait, real quick,
while we're in this room with the mouth,
what if we, I just wanna loudly say,
a monster house, we don't have Rothstein.
He just fell into your belly.
Do not digest him, please.
Or we can't give you what you want.
As you say that, it takes another deep breath in.
And it says something else.
So hungry.
And as it says that, its tongue starts coming
out of its mouth and moving towards you
like a huge fat worm.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Out the door, out the door, out the door.
So you are turning and running.
Yes.
Yeah. Yep, yep.
Yep.
Ooh, what's this?
The tongue is the part you talk with,
so let's stay around and try to talk with it.
Yeah, I'm hauling ass for sure.
Okay, and where are you hauling your ass to?
Ah, it's fucking safe call.
I guess we got a fucking safe call, yeah.
Okay, so speaking of cowl,
so you have tumbled down into the darkness below.
There is pretty much no light down here.
There is a faint, just a faint bit of light
coming up through the hole in the ceiling above you.
The good news is the landing didn't hurt.
The bad news is that's because you have fallen
into what feels like several feet of liquid.
I mean, you've fallen below the surface
and you're going to have to come back up before,
obviously before you can breathe.
What I guess I would like is a constitution roll
just to see whether you can avoid gasping
or doing anything unfortunate under the water.
Oh.
Sorry, I said water, it's really not water.
Yeah, it's not water.
I got a 60 on a 40.
Oh.
Okay, yeah, I mean, obviously this is a huge shock.
I mean, you've not managed to get your way up
to the surface.
There's something bumping around overhead.
You're desperately trying not to take a mouthful
of whatever this is.
You can try to push the roll if you want,
just, yeah, but if you fail,
you are absolutely taking a lung full of this.
It's a 40 on a 40.
Hell yeah.
Fantastic.
Oh, that rolls.
Okay, so you managed to push your way up to the surface
and you take a deep gasping breath of this foul air.
But yeah, you didn't inhale any of this,
which you realize is probably a really, really good thing
now that you're above the surface.
Because now that you're getting your bearings,
you can pick up a few things, even though in the darkness.
One, and possibly the most important,
this liquid that you're in is caustic.
It is burning your skin.
It hurts.
It really hurts.
It's stinging your eyes.
You can barely see.
Your eyes are filled with tears
and yeah, you can feel your skin burning.
You also notice that there are other things
in the liquid.
The thing that was stopping you getting up
was maybe an old packing crate that was floating along.
There's masses of organic matter of some kind
that's just floating there.
Some of these solid lumps of something.
And there are also other more solid things
that every now and then you feel wriggling under the surface.
Let's have a sanity roll.
Yeah.
I fail.
Okay, let's have another d6 sand loss.
Three.
Okay, how much sand have you lost in total?
Prior to this, I've lost eight.
Okay, so you've lost 11 total
and how much sand do you start with?
40, so 29.
Okay, so you are now indefinitely insane as well.
So yeah, your grip on what is real and what isn't
down there in the darkness is just falling apart fast.
I mean, you can hear the sound of this girl sobbing,
but you're not quite sure where it's coming from
and every now and then you're certain
you can hear other voices crying out down there.
These things that are wriggling around under the surface,
some of them, yeah, after your experiences
with these things that can phase through matter,
yeah, you're certain some of them
are just wriggling inside you.
Yeah, and some of the things down there,
they feel almost like hands grasping at you,
trying to hold you down, pull you under the surface.
Jesus Christ.
Okay, so Carl's not doing very good.
If I can try to think about grabbing onto that
floating thing and trying to hoist myself up onto it.
Sure, then give me a dexterity roll
to see whether you can pull yourself on top.
44 on a 50, so that's a pass.
Okay, that's good.
Then yeah, you've managed to pull yourself on top.
I mean, the top of it is slippery
and the weight inside is unbalanced.
You're pretty much almost pushing it
completely under the surface now
with your body weight displacing it,
but yeah, you are largely out of the caustic liquid.
You can take two hit points of damage though,
just for the burns you've taken so far.
Okay.
And the rest of you, as you race down to the kitchen now,
yeah, you can see that hole in the kitchen floor
is now larger and there is definitely the sound
of something large splashing around
down in the liquid below.
Can I try to paddle my boat over to a wall of this area?
Yeah, well, let's see whether you end up,
because you're operating on completely faulty
sensory data at the moment, you're completely lost.
Let's just have a luck roll to see
whether you end up anywhere useful.
No, absolutely not.
Okay, so yeah, you're definitely moving.
Okay.
And I'm just gonna try to like use my foot as a paddle
so I don't get more on my hands.
So I'm just spinning around in a circle.
With the skin on your ankle just getting eaten away.
You can't look up and see any light.
Yeah, is there any light coming in
from the hole I fell into?
The hole isn't above me?
Yeah, not anymore.
It was when you fell in,
but obviously you've moved around a bit since then.
Okay, so it's big enough to like have lost
the whole, this room is?
Yeah, you sort of become aware
that it's not just like one big room,
that it's sort of like a network of smaller rooms.
All right, let's save the doctor, yes.
He's right here, what are you talking about?
He's fine, look at him.
The other doctor.
Oh, that's right.
Doctor number two.
I'm about to be.
Alley-oop.
All right, so that room's still real slick,
so should we like crawl along the floor
to look through the hole to see?
We don't wanna trust the ground there though, right?
Like, I mean, it just gave way under your weight, right?
That's a good point, maybe we just go down the stairs.
I think we should try the thing
that's made to be walked down first, yeah.
We've also still got the part of the hose that didn't tear.
Carl.
So yeah, from somewhere that you can't quite make out,
just echoing through these walls all around you,
you can hear the sound of your voice being called
from up above.
Help!
I just do it once and then I listen.
Almost in answer to that, you can hear another voice,
the voice of a little girl from somewhere down there
as well going, help, help, help.
There's a little girl down here.
That's not my voice, but help me.
Try it in your voice.
I need your help.
Because?
Keep going.
This is a little girl.
All right, we're coming.
Thank you.
That could be Esther, right?
That could be one of the kids we're looking for.
Delphinally.
It'd be weird if it wasn't.
So yeah, let's make our way down those stairs
and see just what we see.
Real quick, I don't know if it would be weird
that the people who are kidnapping kids
to put bugs in them, alien bugs, to steal their potential.
I don't know if it would be weird
if they had other kids that we don't know about.
You're like, it would be weird if it wasn't Esther,
but I think it would actually really follow.
Anyway.
I agree.
But yeah, the stairs down to the cellar,
you can see are covered in the same kind
of slick intestinal teeth.
Good thing we put these nails in our shoes, right, guys?
Yeah, that was smart, but if we found a sled.
Then how would that help us getting back up the stairs?
Tie the hose to the sled.
The hose broke.
The bad hose.
Let's go down these stairs with full confidence
that we can get back up them.
By the time you go down just a few of them,
you're cut off enough from the light in the kitchen
that you're in almost pitch darkness.
There is that incredible smell again
of just excrement and acid and just foulness.
Your eyes are watering from it.
And by the time you've made it down
even about a half dozen stairs,
you can feel that you are now stepping in liquid
and it's getting deeper.
I had a friend about 20 years ago, her name was Rose.
She survived the Titanic by floating on a door.
She told me all about it.
What if we did this?
What if we did the same thing?
Did it fit more than one person?
No, but there's a lot of doors in this house.
That was actually a really sad part of a story.
I don't want to make you guys cry right now.
But God damn.
I'm already crying because the air is so accurate.
Well, imagine if you had the greatest love story
of all time on top of that and it ended in tragedy.
That's what happened on a whole door.
So let's get three doors.
I was talking about sleds earlier, we got some doors now.
You're talking about sleds to get down these stairs.
I wasn't saying that it was my idea to float on doors.
I was just saying that we could potentially
sled down the stairs.
And then have sled door boats.
Sled your boats.
I love the idea that you're having this conversation
on the stairs while Rothstein floating around in the muck,
lost in a blind panic, is just overhearing little shreds
of you talking about doors.
And love stories.
And Titanic, yeah.
You brought that screwdriver.
We can bust off a hinge or two real quick, right?
Real quick, squeezy.
Well, I think because time is a little bit
of the essence here because Rothstein is slowly
getting eaten away by this acid.
I think with all the kicking around that you've been doing
in it, trying to steer yourself, I mean,
Rothstein's got to take another hit point of damage
just from acid burns to his legs.
Hey, I'm down to four.
Four hit points?
Yes.
Well comment, don't worry.
Maybe we should just do a one door boat
and we'll try and navigate that one person
through real quick.
Not it.
I think if you're trying to get a door off in a big hurry,
I do want a mechanical repair role for this
just simply because time is a factor.
I believe I have that.
Okay, I've got a 40 in mechanical repair.
We'll see what happens.
Nice.
85.
Yeah, the first door you go up to,
the problem is that this fleshy material
is covered off the hinges and you can't quite see
where the screws are and yeah,
this isn't really going to be a quick job.
You could try potentially going for another door
and pushing the roll like that, but if you fail,
it's going to take way longer than you planned.
Dolan, you're a strong guy.
Maybe you could just like jump into the door
and bust it down.
I try that.
Okay.
Do I use size?
Yeah, I'll take other sizes of strength,
whichever you prefer.
I'm gonna go size with a 29 on an 80.
You do manage to just kick one of the doors off the hinges.
I mean, obviously it gets a bit damaged in the process,
but there's enough of it that you can use it
as a flotation device.
All right, I'll take the door.
I'll float on the door.
You're the perfect size for it.
Well, I am quite big, but we need the dock.
How big are you, Freddie?
I'm smaller than you.
Look at us standing here.
You're right, I can tell in an instant that I'm about,
you know, if you had to put us on a scale between
zero and a hundred, I'd be about an 80.
Yeah, I'd be somewhere around 60,
probably 20 less than you.
I reckon I'd be about a 60 also.
Me and Freddie look about the same.
Yeah, we're about the same.
We're like three quarters of your size.
Unfortunately, we need the doctor.
So maybe you should go on the door, Freddie.
All right, that's fine.
And he puts the door at the top of the stairs
and sits down on it and says, Rosebud.
I don't think we get that reference yet.
Now, I do want to say now with Dr. Rothstein down there
floating on his crate in the dark and the others,
you've heard the other's voices, they've come down,
they've gone back up.
They're having conversations up above.
You can hear little snippets every now and then.
They're talking about doors and boats and stuff like that.
And then they come back down,
but they just seem to be leaving you down here
and in the dark on your own.
And this acid is just eating you away.
Carl thinks it's time to take matters into his own hands
and really focuses on trying to get to a wall.
I think if you're trying to then just focus your mind
like that, that's going to be a sanity role
just to see whether you can gather your wits
because at the moment, yeah,
and just everything is overwhelming you.
I'm pretty overwhelmed still.
Yeah, that's not good.
Then you'd lose another point of sanity as well.
Just in your mind, there's something about this.
I mean, you've seen the way space gets warped
by the Hawke's Device and the way that it's torn through
to other realms and what if there aren't any walls down here?
What if you've seen how all that's leaked out
from the Hawke's Device,
how it's brought other parts of this realm here.
What if you're not in the cellar anymore?
What if you're somewhere else just floating away
further and further away from everything that you know,
everything that's real, just getting lost?
Don't fucking listen to him, Luke.
No, I don't think I'll think that.
Oh shit, dude.
Yeah, Carl just continues in a circle.
While spiraling in his mind.
Yeah, in my just like, in fact,
I just sit down on the raft like with my head in my hands.
Actually, that's not a bad strategy
because at least it's got your leg out of the acid now.
I didn't realize you were doing it to yourself.
So meanwhile, we have Freddy riding a door to victory.
You've got the door, you've got it down the stairs.
You can use it as a fairly unsteady raft.
I'm probably going to ask for a Dex roll at some stage.
Perfect.
You can hear things moving around in the water.
You know, some big things, some small things.
You can hear the sound of the young girl crying.
And now that you're down here
and you've got a better ear for what's going on,
you are 99% sure that the voice you can hear
is that of Esther Frain.
Esther, Esther, we're coming for you.
We can help.
Karl, Karl, we're here.
I'm here.
We're going to get you back out of here.
Hello?
Nevermind, just Esther.
I'm only here for Esther.
Oh, hi.
I'm here.
Yeah, you sound like you're losing your mind.
Well, it also sounds like he is somewhere
completely different in the cellars
and where Esther's voice is coming from.
So who are you heading towards?
Who's closer?
I mean, it's difficult to tell.
I mean, you're judging this entirely on sound.
Rothstein's voice is a bit muffled
because he's obviously not in the same room as you.
Esther's voice is quiet, but then again,
she's a little girl and you don't have any visual cues
to really get your bearings.
Yeah, I'm going after Karl.
Okay.
First.
Then, okay, you splash your way through this noxious,
really acidic liquid.
I mean, by the time you catch up with Karl,
you are going to take one hit point's worth of damage
from chemical burns.
You are covered with this
and as some of the liquid splashes up over the doors,
every now and then you can feel things wriggling in it.
That's unsettling.
Well, then I guess you better make a sand roll.
12 on a 63.
Okay, you don't lose any sand.
Nice.
He's focused.
Frederick Millen I is nothing if not focused
and he is going toward Karl Rothstein.
He thinks two heads are better than one
for continuing our journey
and collecting as many children as possible
to save them specifically.
You splash your way through the liquid
and eventually navigating around a couple of open doorways.
You do eventually find this little sort of cul-de-sac where...
Can I like make marks with my spade from the tool shed
on all the doorways that I'm crossing through
on the hallways?
I'm trying to make marks in the membrane to mark my path.
Sure, okay.
I mean, obviously you're navigating by touch,
but you can try to feel for these.
Oh, right, because it's pitch black.
It is pitch black.
But I mean, you can leave marks
that you can try to feel again.
Deep wounding gouges.
Exactly.
But yeah, yeah, you do eventually find Karl
down this little cul-de-sac.
Karl, thank God.
Who is it?
Oh yeah, he couldn't recognize me from my voice.
That makes sense.
It's Frederick Millen, the voice.
Oh, I get my lighter out and flick it
so that we can see each other.
And he is just a wide-eyed, huge smile.
You can see that, yeah, Rothstein in the light,
yeah, his skin is just red with burns and blisters.
His eyes are swollen up.
We gotta get you to the real Dr. Asap.
You swear you can see things wriggling in his wet hair.
Maybe just run a comb through those locks real quick.
Just like shake it out.
I run my hand through my hair
and some of it just falls out into my hand.
Yep.
We gotta go.
And so he'll put his heels on your raft.
Lock your legs with mine, put your legs on my raft.
That way we both got heels on the other one's raft.
I continue sitting down, just looking up at you.
Karl, Karl.
Whatever.
Karl, you fucking idiot, we don't have much time.
You put your fucking heels on this raft right now.
We got children to save.
We're here.
You hear me?
If you've given up, if you've given, look at me.
See, I am here forever.
That's on you, but there are other people down here
who have not given up and we are going to save them.
You hear me?
We are going to save them.
Okay, you lead the way then.
And I just keep sitting.
I'm gonna give you until the next room to start helping.
So is Rothstein attempting to follow Freddie or?
I thought that, are you staying on my raft or taking yours?
No, no, no.
I've still got my heels on your raft.
So I'm trying to like, I'm trying to paddle backwards
and drag you along with me, I guess.
But I'm literally only giving you one more room
and then I'm leaving you.
Well, then I think, you know,
particularly as you're not getting any help
from Rothstein here and you're trying to pull both of these,
I do want to roll just to see whether you can do this
without upsetting your raft.
And I think actually, because this is a feat of strength,
let's do this as a strength roll.
Yeah, that's worse.
It's also Robin at Men in Tights style strength of feet.
Oh.
Okay, so I rolled a 52 on a 40.
So I am going to spend 12 luck.
Oh, okay.
Rather than pushing this roll.
Nice.
So yeah, I mean, your feet almost slip off.
I mean, this is really slick.
And yeah, in the little bit of light
that you've seen from Rothstein's Zippo.
Yeah, I mean, this is absolutely smeared
with what is undeniably shit.
Awesome.
And you've been feeling your way through.
Rothstein, you don't happen to have like a snack on you
or anything, I'm kind of hungry.
They are just snacks in here.
Oh, fuck.
Once we get to the next room,
I kind of snap out of it and I look at Frederick.
But what do you want me to do?
I've got an idea.
You asked me a question and proposed your own,
like you're about to keep talking.
We don't have time to discuss how to talk.
And that's a statement.
So what's happening?
If we kick the stomach, maybe it will throw us up.
Okay, let's go get Esther.
She would get thrown up too, saved us time.
Let's make sure she's with us when that happens.
I stand up and start helping,
but as soon as we get close to a wall,
I'm gonna start kicking it.
But I don't tell him that.
When you say stand up, you mean in the liquid, do you?
Because it's not really feasible to stand up on the raft.
Then I just paddle with my leg or whatever,
but don't stand up.
Thank you for finally helping.
Okay, now let's go.
Let's, I mean, you're trying to get to the sound
of Esther's crying as quickly as possible.
Let's again, I think do this as a strength roll.
So one of you can make this whichever one of you wants.
What's your strength?
I'm pretty weak.
I'll do it.
Okay.
Because I mean, you'll get there either way,
but it's just a question of how much damage
you're going to take on the way from the acid.
How long it all takes.
47 on a 50.
Ooh.
So yeah, you each take one hit point of damage
from the acid as you make your way across.
Ouchie.
I'm down to three.
The skin is like completely gone from my foot.
You can feel you're not quite getting the full range
of mobility that you used to get in that foot now.
And it's probably best not to try to think too hard
about why that is.
But yeah, you make your way over.
Are you still using Rothstein's lighter for light
or are you just checking that on when you need it?
I'm keeping it on.
Okay.
So you keep it on.
And yeah, as you get over,
you can see over in the far corner,
what seems to have been done is someone has built,
it looks almost like a jail cell there.
There are metal bars that reach all the way
up to the ceiling.
I mean, obviously the liquid is as high in there.
You can see that Esther is there on top
of a crate that she's sitting on top,
just huddled, looking panicked again.
She's quite badly burnt.
There is also a shape floating in the liquid beside her,
which yeah, it takes a little while to identify it
even as being human,
but there isn't really that much left of it.
Esther!
Can you get me out of here?
Can you get me out of here?
Yes, Frederick says confidently
and begins paddling quicker and quicker
to get to the metal bars.
Yeah, you get up to the bars and yeah, there's a door.
Now that you're closer in the light,
you can see the figure that's floating face down maybe.
I mean, it's difficult to tell anymore.
It has got the remains of curly red hair on its head.
Yeah, we didn't make it in time.
Don't look down, Esther.
Just look at us.
We're here to save you.
It's me, Frederick Mellon the first, your favorite,
and Karl Rothstein, your fifth favorite.
After the dead person in the water.
After the dead person in the water.
Nathaniel Coombs and Thomas Tullock.
And yeah, I mean, you make it to the door
and that's the point at which you realize
that the door is locked.
Well, perfect.
I'm the man for the job.
It's a good thing I'm the one
who came down here on this door.
And that the lock is not visible
above the surface of this liquid.
Oh, I spoke too soon.
I mean, I'm still the man for the job,
but I wish I wouldn't.
I've been in the water.
It's be careful.
All right.
You know, I'm doing it.
Like he's not gonna not do it at this point.
He's gonna just go for it.
Yeah, you reckon that the lock is at least a foot
below the surface of this liquid
and that the only way you're going to get an angle on it
is going to be to get off your raft
and basically stand there up to your neck in this liquid
and try to do it.
How do you get a door off?
What?
How do you sexually pleasure a door?
How?
Because he said the only way to do it is to get it off.
Get it?
Do you get it?
So, what is your plan?
Are you trying to pick the lock?
Are you trying to go for the hinges?
What are you doing?
Frederick Millen I knows the best way to break into things.
So can I make an intelligence roll
to see which would be easier for me?
You don't need to make an intelligence roll.
I'll tell you that if you're going to pick the lock,
that's going to be a locksmith's roll.
If you're going to try to get the hinges,
you don't necessarily have the right equipment.
So that's going to be a hard mechanical repair roll.
Well, I'll tell you what,
between having a 70% chance and a 10% chance,
I will go with the 70%.
Okay, so can I lay down belly first on my door
and then put my hands like armpit deep into the wet?
It's far enough down that if you would try
to reach down that low,
you'd be putting your face in this liquid.
All right, then he does that first.
Could try to feel around, doesn't quite get in there.
And then he's like, ah, fuck, ah.
It's more like putting your face in battery acid.
Yeah.
He's not going to actually,
he's just feeling for the lock.
When his nose is about to touch it,
he's like, oh no, okay, I got to get in.
I understand now, right?
I'm with you, Scott.
You said, I'm going to do that first.
I was like, you're going to dip your face in the acid first?
So it's more like.
It's like dunking for apples,
except the apples are turds.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yeah.
Okay.
So yeah, go face first.
Well, Frederick Mellon is not, no Lou Reed.
So I'm going to go ahead and get off the door.
Okay.
What was it Thomas?
How do I get off the door?
That's what you got to figure out.
Oh, you jiggle it snob.
Oh, damn it.
God damn it.
Thank you.
That's been pretending to be people with Scott Dorver.
All right, I'm going feet first.
So yeah, you slide off and yeah,
you can, I mean, you're not that tall,
but you can just keep your head above the liquid
as you work.
I mean, you're having to stand on tiptoes to do so,
but you can.
Oh, thank God.
I was just really right.
28 on the 70, so hard success.
Oh, that's a hard success, which is good.
So yeah, I mean, there, I mean,
you're fumbling around with your tools,
unable to see working with this acid
just burning into your skin,
but eventually you can feel the tumblers
click into place and you can pull the door open.
As you do so, the liquid moves
and the floating remains of Billy Spitzer
just float out past you disintegrating,
you know, bits of his body going in different directions.
Fuck.
So he's like, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow,
yay, oh no.
Yeah, what I'll say is for the time
that you're in the liquid doing all this,
take a D3 hit points of damage.
Okay.
As you are digested.
So I'm down to eight hit points from digestion burns.
But yeah, I mean, Esther is there.
She's still perched on top of this crate precariously.
That's just looking, trying very hard
not to look at the remains of Billy as they float out.
Eyes on me, Esther, eyes on me, okay?
We're gonna get you out of here now.
Look at me, can you tell me, does that flake croak?
Oh, fuck, I'm losing my mind.
Does that crate float
or is it just sitting on top of something?
I don't know, Mr. Hut, I don't know.
Is there anything around that looks like it floats
that we could put her on the door?
You also don't know yet that a child
will overweight the door.
That's a good point.
Jack weighed down rows, that wasn't gonna work.
But those were- He wouldn't have.
I know, he did it dumb.
So if this kid is smart,
you guys should be fine.
Okay, thank you.
That makes me feel better.
So Frederick will kind of push forward.
Okay, just like gently shift your weight
from off the box onto this door.
Well, I think with you guiding her,
let's have you make a Dex roll
just to see whether you can do this without capsizing.
Art seven, I am rocking.
Fantastic, okay.
So you can get both her and yourself on the door
without capsizing it.
All right, Carl, let's get the fuck out of here.
I start kicking the wall.
You kick the wall and something in your foot goes crunch.
It's probably best not to think about that at the moment.
Ooh.
So you managed to kick your way over to the door.
I mean, in the process,
you are going to take another one hit point of damage each.
Okay, I'm down to two.
Okay, and yeah, you are going to have to help
Dr. Rothstein up the stairs
because the foot that he's been kicking
with and navigating with,
there isn't really much of it left anymore.
There's certainly no flesh on it
and a lot of the bones have dissolved away.
It's less of a foot now and more of a nub.
Oh, God.
Jesus, okay, so he'll kind of like,
Fredrick is just kind of like taking on both of them,
you know, and is Esther strong enough to just?
Yeah, you can help her up the stairs.
If they get to the stairs, me and Thomas are there.
I can help grab people.
Fantastic, okay.
Well, I mean, Dr. Coons, as he grabs hold of Esther,
yeah, you can start helping her up the stairs.
You've got hold of her.
What you do notice as you're helping her up the stairs
is under your hands,
you can feel things moving beneath the surface of her skin.
I try and make eye contact with one of the other guys
and give kind of a knowing nod.
We'll be able to take care of you.
This is going to be okay.
Where's Billy?
Did you get Billy?
He was shaking my head like.
Ixnay on the, Billy Bae.
What do you mean, what?
Don't, no, no, just help her.
You went down there.
I punched the dog in the side of the arm.
Esther seems to be pretty much in a fugue state
at this moment.
And by the time you get everyone back up to the kitchen,
there's now enough light that, yeah,
you can see that there are things now moving around
underneath her skin.
You can also see that this is also very much true
of Dr. Rothstein and Freddy.
Oh, no, guys, I don't know what to say.
Clearly you've got things moving under your skin,
probably those bugs.
What if we try to force up them out of you?
Do you consent to that?
The things you can see moving around
are much, much smaller than that.
In fact, what Thomas thinks of very much
is the thing that he saw crawling out
of the man's eye outside.
Doc, do we just shove them down the stairs?
And hope they get digested?
I can't, I swore on oath.
I don't know, but we can't let that get into the camp.
All right, you guys ready to go?
One second.
I need to get to a hospital.
I'm as good as a hospital.
You're okay in my hands.
But they have with medicine, I'm in pain.
And then I point at my foot.
Oh.
Yeah, like I say, foot is overstating it.
What if we quarantine them?
We put them in the lab back there.
We can keep them in there.
I can run some tests.
Quarantine who?
Hold on.
The little girl?
Yeah, yeah.
Why?
She's got some things moving around under her skin.
Oh, that doesn't sound good.
Right.
I truly support quarantine for that.
For anybody who's got things moving around under the skin.
Oh my God.
This would be no exercise.
Doc, you know what I just noticed?
This is crazy.
You've got them too.
No, I don't.
No, yeah.
Yeah, they're there.
Maybe we'll start with the little girl as a trial
to see how it goes.
Why don't you, okay, yeah.
Why don't you be the one in there observing her?
There should be exceptions.
So with the idea that we got like a few minutes to end this,
what is your plan at this stage?
Oh God.
I mean, I want to kick him down the stairs
and let him get digested.
All of them.
It would be so insanely out of character
for Dr. Coombs to be okay with that.
Okay, so it's a contested role
where I see if I can kick you down too.
Now, let me give another idea here
because I think we'll probably want to do some wrap up
and talk about the scenario and stuff.
So are you cool with doing another session?
Sure, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Perfect, cool.
That does give you a week to see
whether there's anything you might be able to do
about this situation.
Yes, maybe sleep on this decision.
I'm not saying kicking them down the stairs is a bad idea.
I mean, it's probably what I'd do.
I think from a role-playing perspective,
it's a very smart idea.
The only way I'd differ from that personally
if I were playing this is I wouldn't kick them
down the stairs when there's a nice handy hole in the floor
that I could just push them through.
My opinion is if I were you, that's what I would do,
but you shouldn't do it.
Don't do it to me.
You've got a week to find out a convincing way
to save the girl and yourselves.
No, my first thought was to take you down with me.
We're pretty well fucked.
Not if you guys just stay in this house.
I'm not saying that this always ends in the TPK,
but I have had actual play reports from other groups
that have managed to get into some of the situation than you
and actually managed to contrive a positive outcome.
It's never happened when I've run it because I'm a bastard.
Apparently it does happen sometimes.
That's great.
30 seconds of absolute silence.
You're just waiting for us to talk now, aren't you?
Yeah, yeah.
I knew it was gonna be Thomas that broke, but.
I can see the time in audacity, man.
I'm not numbers blind.
Is there a word for that?
Yeah.
Is it neumlexia, neumslex, neumaslexia?
Is it, well, it'll be the lex part that's different
because lex means kind of letters or.
Letter or word, yeah.
So dyspneumia or something like that, I guess.
Dyspneumia.
It's always good to start out with a fun fact,
regardless of if we know it or not.
Yeah.
Regardless of if it's a fact.
Hey, listener, Google that.
See, you learned something.
Welcome back to the middle of this episode.
Yeah, and it's been a few weeks since we recorded, so.
It's, sorry to interrupt right while we get things going,
but it's a dyscalculia.
Dyscalculia.
Aha, okay, that does make sense.
Right, well, now that we've got the rehearsal.
Yeah.
Like a Snapple bottle cup.
That's me.
So yeah, last episode, I think we'd left,
or rather, last recording session,
I think we'd left it so that you'd just recovered Esther
from the flooded cellar.
Yes, the boys floated away in bits.
Yeah, yeah, poor Billy.
But Esther, you did manage to get out in one piece.
The problem is that there are perhaps now too many pieces
that she does seem to be crawling with parasites,
as are some of you.
We left it, I think, with you in the kitchen,
having just made this discovery
that basically everyone who's been down to the cellar
is now infested.
So, what now?
Yeah, we were discussing being rightly fucked.
Mm.
I believe there is a look in Thomas Dolan's eyes
that said he wanted to push us down the stairs
or through the hole in the floor.
Oh yes, yes, yes.
And, you know, maybe he does that.
Why don't you give me one good reason not to do that?
She's a child, we can't just throw her down there.
That's barbaric.
Regardless of the child, okay?
Look at me, look at me.
We were up in that room and we talked to this fucking house
and you know what we had?
A connection.
Not what the house wanted.
What did the house want?
It said a name multiple times.
It wanted to talk to...
And I start tapping Luke Gintman on the head.
Your character name's not- Karl Rothstein.
Karl Rothstein, yeah.
I start tapping him on the head.
Okay, then I push the doctor down the stairs.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
As you like going to do that, I'm like, no, no, no.
He wanted to talk to him.
The house wanted to talk to Karl Rothstein.
It didn't want to eat him.
It was lamenting the fact that it was so hungry,
in one man's opinion.
I will talk to it.
Hello, hello.
That's what I'm talking about.
I kind of whispered to Karl Rothstein.
I'm like, anything to keep them from pushing us down
into the digestive acid again, you know?
Yes, that was uncomfortable.
Yeah, let's go talk to the tongue.
Oh, take me away.
Yeah, let's see what the tongue,
the house tongue has to say.
Doc, you don't think we should just push these fuckers
down the stairs and be done with it?
I mean, I'm a doctor.
I would prefer to save people.
Yeah, the house is starving to death.
You're not going to save the house?
The trolley problem here.
Two assholes or one house, you know?
Which lever are you going to pull?
There's a chance that the house knows how
to be not a house.
Maybe Karl knows something about this house being
a person house.
That's right, the psychic might be able
to help him be person again.
All right, well, we got him right by these stairs.
It just seems like a real good opportunity
to just shove him down there and get the fuck out of here.
The stairs also go up.
All right, well, can you guys just promise
that if this doesn't work out,
you'll be cool about coming back down
and meeting right here where we are now
and then we push you down this test.
Sure.
We'll be really cool about quarantining
in that stone slab where we saw that big fish.
We could go into the lab.
I'm perfectly fine if you want to put me in the lab
after all this is said and done.
But until then, let's at least try to talk to the house
and see if the house and Karl Rothstein can work out
between the two of them,
how we can make this a better situation
for all the little fishies living inside.
Okay.
My body.
Yes, if you head up stairs again,
obviously you can still feel the warm breath of the house
moving through the corridor.
And as you get back up to the top of the stairs,
yeah, there is still that mouth visible in the wall
through the double doors of the master bedroom.
I don't think we have to be near it
in order to talk to it, personally.
I open the double doors up and walk into that room.
You've, you've wanted to see me?
Yeah, there is this long, long breath that just goes,
Rothstein.
Karl's like trembling.
Save me.
Where are you?
I, I don't know.
This is strange and frightening and I am so very hungry.
Come closer, Rothstein, come closer.
Karl gets a little closer.
Okay, you can see the tongue lolling out of the mouth.
It doesn't seem to be lashing out and trying to grab you,
but at the same time,
it is making tentative little explorations
in your direction, like this monstrous worm
just flapping across the ground.
Foreplay.
Yeah, Karl is just like inching a little closer, like,
uh, um, look, you've got to tell me where you are
so I can find you or help you.
I, I don't know.
I don't know where I am.
I don't know who I am anymore.
Rothstein, I don't know what I am.
It has been so very long.
Well, Karl, it seems like you and this house
have a lot of catching up to do.
So I'm, I'm just gonna split.
I think we've got to find the house.
Austin Hawks.
That's what I said.
We've got to find the Hawks.
When Karl and Frederick both say Austin Hawks in the room,
does the room react to that name?
Not especially.
Can you describe where you, what's around you?
House, man.
Everything is so strange.
I, I am, I am just so hungry.
He says, as his tongue reaches out towards you.
I slap the tongue.
OK, but you're standing your ground.
Yeah, let's, let's do this then as an opposed fighting brawl
roll, just to see whether you can discourage the tongue
from wrapping itself around you.
Because at the moment, this is a little more tentative
than his previous attack.
But on the other hand, you know, it's still,
I think it still wants to eat you.
Yeah, I crit, failed.
So what, what did you roll?
A 44.
Oh, that's fine.
Oh, that's not, that's Delta Green.
That's just a failure.
Oh, that's Delta Green.
Yeah. OK, I just failed regularly then.
Yeah, on the other hand, I rolled a 98.
So yeah, you slap at the tongue.
You're not exactly a powerfully built man
and you're a bit worse for wear.
But on the other hand, as this monstrous, flopping,
muscular tongue comes towards you, you slap at it.
And it just instinctively recoils
and slithers back into the mouth.
Don't get too close to me.
I'm trying to help you.
Maybe ask its name, Doc.
What is your name?
Thanks.
You know me, Rothstein.
We're all like standing at the doorway.
Greek chorus gathered in the corridor outside.
Three heads on top of each other,
peeking around the corner.
You know me, Rothstein.
You know me.
This is my house, Rothstein.
This is my house.
Hawks. Hawks, is that you?
Yes. Yes, that is.
That is my name. Yes.
How has this happened?
Was it the portal? Yes.
Yes, it was.
I stepped through and
I was trapped there.
I was trapped somewhere else
for so very long until
until I found a way back.
Am I back, Rothstein?
Am I back?
Am I home now?
Literally.
I'm so very hungry, Rothstein.
What sounds good?
Oh, Scott almost spit out his tea.
I'm so hungry, Rothstein.
What sounds good?
Bring me something to eat, Rothstein.
Bring me something to eat and we can talk.
OK, are the rest of the guys like behind me?
Are they in the room or where are you guys?
We're doing the Beatles photo at the door jamb.
Yeah, so you're out on the landing.
Actually, the three of you who aren't involved in the conversation.
Can you give me listen rolls?
Oh, hell yeah, dude, these ears.
33 on a 50.
Oh, fail.
I failed mine.
OK, you're fairly certain
that you can hear a car coming up the driveway.
Everybody hear that?
Yeah, the house is hungry.
Yes, the house is hungry.
But also there's a vroom vroom coming up the bale.
We got a we got we got a car coming up the chute.
Oh, vroom vroom.
Yeah, I didn't look up any slang from this time period,
so I figured I'd make it up on the fly.
That that that that could be good.
It could be somebody who's in on on all this on all this terribleness.
And or it could be a bad situation who put Austin Hawks in the portal.
So he'd be a good guy to feed to him.
Right. And yeah, maybe we feed him to the house.
Exactly. Yes, we feed him to this giant tongue.
And by the way, around here in these times, they're called
Chitty Chitty Bang Bangs.
Coombes is going to try and go to the nearest window
that would look out toward the drive and see what he sees.
Yeah. Yeah. Go out to the window and push the the rather moist
and meaty curtains aside and take a look out.
And yeah, there is a car inching up the driveway.
Does it look is it just driving up like it would drive up normally
or is it being sneaky?
I mean, the lights are on, so it's not be that sneaky.
But on the other hand, it is driving fairly slowly.
Yeah, there's definitely a room of room coming up.
A Chitty Chitty Bang Bang up the up the chute, like it like you said.
The chute. Maybe dinner is delivery tonight.
What should we do? Should we should we meet him?
Should we meet him at the door downstairs?
Maybe the house knows where the guns are in the house.
If there were guns in me, I'd know where they were.
This house barely knew it was a house.
Do you know where guns might be in the house? House?
Hawks? There is just no response to that.
You know what? That's fair.
Does this does this window we're looking at the Chitty Chitty Bang Bang out of?
Does it open up?
Give me a strength roll to see if it does.
I mean, it's not locked, but on the other hand, it is kind of scabbed over.
Right. Nope, 86.
Yeah, I mean, you try and it almost moves, but there's these fleshy strands
that just push it back down again every time you try.
I'm just going to shout out to come up here in a minute.
So you can see what the car is doing is it's pulling over by
the the laboratory outside and in the light that's coming out from the windows of the
house, you can see that there is a man who's got out.
He's wearing a fairly nice suit.
You can't really make out who he is because he's wearing a mask over his face or at
least some cloth tied around a bandana, tied around his face.
As he gets out, he's got an electric lantern in one hand and you can just make out he's
definitely got a revolver in the other hand and he's looking around.
I mean, you can't read the expression on his face because all we can see is his eyes,
but from his body language, he's cautious, nervous, just trying to, I guess, make out
what's going on.
He spotted our caddy.
He's going to be disappointed when he finds that that skinless monkey creature in the
tank is all smashed to bits.
Well, you shouldn't just leave those things lying around.
Yeah, I mean, if you carry on watching from the window behind, he goes over to the
laboratory, opens up the door and heads in there.
There's a chance that this person maybe knows more about this stuff.
They might have a solution for the little parasite problem we've got on our hands.
Do you think it's worth trying to talk to him?
As opposed to what?
Kidnapping him and throwing him in a house mouth?
Yeah, just instant hostility like we would treat most NPCs.
Maybe we should talk to him and then back up plan V feed him to the house.
I like this idea.
I mean, it's pretty zany.
It's pretty out there talking, you know.
All right, but let's give it a whirl.
We don't have any like weapons or anything.
So they have numbers.
Yeah, four on one.
That's a lot of talking we can do.
He doesn't know that there's four of us.
So maybe one of us could like hide behind the lab.
And if things go south, they'll just sneak up on him from behind.
Yeah, I'm pretty good at sneaking.
Let's try.
Let's try that.
Let's let's do it.
What are you doing with Esther?
Throughout this plan, because you do have a frightened and rather ill 12 year old girl with you as well.
I just assumed she was sitting on my shoulders.
We needed a fourth for the Beatles photo.
We could maybe have Esther wait in the car.
No other ideas.
That sounds like the best one.
We could feed it.
We could feed it to the mouth.
Well, you see, that was kind of the whole point of the day.
Yeah, but I mean, now there's this whole mouth thing.
I feel like it would be a total waste of time if we gave her back.
Yeah, we could have just stayed home, slept, drank bad coffee, gone to a different overville that wasn't being taken over by puppets with no faces.
Yeah, but remember when we shot that guy?
Yeah, that was crazy.
What a day.
But with a shotgun call, we threatened to do the same to you.
And it's how we got you to come along on this adventure.
Esther, look at me.
This house is a person and you've been trying to be digested by that person, right?
Right.
Okay.
So what we're going to do is we're going to go down to the front door.
All right.
And we're going to find a spot for you that seems like you'll be fine there.
And you're just going to sit on the floor and you'll be right next to the front door.
So on our way out, as we're leaving, you just come with us.
We're going to get into a very nice car.
When was the last time you were in a nice car, Esther?
Oh, don't answer that.
It was probably when you were being kidnapped.
When would it'll be comfortable?
Sometimes when I keep talking, I dig a hole for myself, but I think everything will be fine.
Look at me.
Everything will be fine.
Look at me.
Everything will be fine.
Everything will be fine.
And he just pats her on the head.
I think this is a good opportunity for you to make either a charm or a persuade role to see whether you can calm her down enough to sit there and wait patiently while you do this.
Uh, well, this isn't great because looking at my homemade character sheet here.
I'm going to have to ask somebody else.
What are the baseline for charm or persuade?
Uh, persuade, persuade baseline is 10.
I've got, I've got some charms.
I don't know what the baseline is.
Regardless.
I rolled an 89.
Yeah, it is certainly hard than that.
I think the baseline for charm is 20, but are you sure it's not 90?
Everybody in the world is charming as fuck.
It's a useless skill.
You know, Call of Cthulhu.
So, Esther, she seems to listen to you and she, she certainly goes quiet at this stage, but at the same time, you can see that she's still very jittery and frightened.
You're leading her down to the front door, are you?
Yeah, this is exactly what kids look like when they know exactly what they're doing.
Sure. And yeah, you get down to the front door and at that point, she just looks around, you know, particularly at all the strange fluids dripping down the wall and the squelchy carpet and the strange noises coming from upstairs.
And she bolts out of the front door and starts running off into the darkness.
I think we might have cut out, yeah, the last thing you said there.
Oh, something about into the darkness, which sounds distressing.
Yeah, that was upsetting.
Yeah.
I just said that, you know, she obviously in a bit of a panic as you take it downstairs.
Oh, it's still being weird.
Oh, shit.
Okay.
It's like, it was every single time you were saying the thing that matters the most.
Is it better now?
Looks like it so far.
Seemingly.
Right.
In which case, yeah, the last thing I said was that, you know, she seems to, if I'd just broken up again.
It did.
It broke up right as you were starting again.
Motherfucker.
I can obviously miss this story.
Timing is incredible.
All right.
Hey, everyone, just, uh, stop your recording.
Uh, we're going to fly to, uh, Britain.
Uh, what do you call it?
What's the name?
We'll be there in just a couple of minutes.
Milton Keynes.
That's the name.
I will be there very shortly.
Record the same person.
I hope you don't mind.
I have a cough.
Been a little fevery lately, but.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, let's try this one more time.
It seems to be better now.
Right.
So yeah, I'm saying that, yeah, she seems to be a bit on nervous, a bit on edge.
And as you take it down to the front door, she takes a look around at all the creepy shit in the house and then just in a panic runs out of the house into the darkness.
I was afraid that's what you had said.
I'm chasing her.
I'm just going to call after her.
I'm just going to...
Esther, Esther, no.
Stay with us. You're safer with us.
Oh, OK, so you're trying to calm her down as Frederick Mellon I is chasing after her.
I mean, I will allow you again to make either a PERSUADE or a CHARM roll, but this is a PUSHED roll.
I think at this stage, if you fail this roll, she is going to be so panicked by the situation that she is going to run into real danger.
I'm going to...
She starts shaking his dice.
I'm doing a charm roll.
Fantastic.
Bedside Manor.
I pass.
It's a 46 on a 50.
Brilliant.
OK, so, yeah, as Frederick catches up with Esther and she's run off, she's got into the undergrowth a little bit.
But now that she's there in the darkness and can't see what's going on and can hear all the strange things moving around in the garden, she just stops.
And as you come up, she turns around and just throws herself at you and just puts her arms around your waist and starts crying.
Close to the mover time and we always find a time to shine.
This is a song that everybody knows.
And when you get older, you're gonna lose your toes.
She's supposed to sing Lose Your Toes.
That's her line.
That was me doing Esther.
That was her voice.
Lose your toes.
It's been a rough day.
That's OK, that's OK.
And I'm just patting her back.
And yeah, she's just crying into your chest.
That like grandpa hug where you just kind of like pat.
Yeah.
And yeah, I mean, every now and then as your parm makes contact with her, you can just feel things squirming around under your hand.
Should have fed her to the house.
OK, that's OK, that's OK, that's OK.
As I look around my surroundings, where am I at?
You're only about 10 feet in front of the house, so you're just on the far side of the gravel drive, just as it's going into, I guess, what used to be an ornamental garden or some shrubbery or something.
But, you know, has long since just gone completely wild.
Do I notice any movement from over by the laboratory?
No, the door is ajar.
You can see a bit of light coming out, but you can't see any movement over there.
OK, I'm going to get her to the car and get her in the backseat.
So when you say the car, do you mean the one that the guy drove up in or the one that you guys brought?
Oh, God, no, not his.
It's ours, the one that we brought.
Because it's been so long since we recorded this bit.
Can you remind me, did you park outside the house or did you park on the street outside?
We parked about halfway up the chute, facing out back down the chute, and we took some time to get ourselves dug out from out of the mud.
I remember now, yes.
OK, so, yeah, you can sneak it down to the car and get her in the backseat.
Esther, just stay here, OK?
We'll be here in two shakes of a chicken's thigh.
Should we turn the child locks on?
Have those been invented yet?
Not for a while.
I turn off my walkie talkie.
Kids are still dying by the millions on the roadside.
They open the door and launch themselves from the car.
It was an epidemic.
OK, but, yeah, Esther crawls inside and she hunkers down in the foot well and just hides there in the darkness.
Nice, very good.
OK, so then I'm going to sneak back up to the house.
OK.
Being careful, if I see any movement from over by the fella, actually, you know what, I'm going to go hide behind his car.
That way I can kind of watch his movement.
Yeah, now that you're a bit closer, you can hear, yeah, there's the sound of someone basically clattering around inside and swearing and moving big bits of metal out of the way.
And just shouting, you know, he seems to be shouting, Brink, you idiot, what have you done?
Yeah, fuck yeah, I gained sanity.
Carl, if we're doing this talking to him tactic, there's a chance that, you know, this guy, if Astin up there has turned into a house and knows you, somebody coming here to do something at this house might know you, too.
That could work for our advantage, right?
How?
Maybe you could pretend, you know, a little more than you do or in some way, get him to open up a little more, make him think you're on his side or something.
I don't know.
Yes, easy, easy.
Let's do it.
So when you say it, what are you doing?
Yeah, I mean, should we just get his attention, have him come out of the lab or should we try and corner him in the lab?
Maybe we can go to the lab.
I mean, what is our ultimate goal?
What if I get a pair of overalls, right?
And I stop by the lab and I'm like, pistol cleaners, can I see a pistol, sir?
And then you guys come and you talk to him.
But I will have disarmed him cleverly with my ruse.
The problem is that I feel the pistol cleaners usually come on Tuesdays.
We can only pray he's too distracted to remember.
I feel maybe this is a good start.
And then we, how you call it, wing it from there.
You asked what the ultimate goal here is.
It's to find out if there's a way to remove the parasites from the from hosts.
I think that's our number one.
And if it's impossible or he doesn't want to or whatever, it may be feeding him to the house.
Yes, works for me.
Are you going to be pistol cleaning or should I talk to him?
I don't think we should complicate it.
Why don't you just go try to talk to him?
OK, but I will go in and you guys.
Maybe do you stay outside or do you come with me to beat holes again?
Oh, I mean, if you guys stay, there will be trouble.
But if you go, there will be double.
OK, how about you maybe stay just within earshot outside and I try to get him outside?
Yeah, and we'll keep Frederick over there behind the behind the car.
So I'm behind the car, Nathaniel Coombes, Dr.
and Thomas Dolan are inside the like entrance of the house waiting within earshot and Carl
Rothstein is going to be on the stoop of the house to try to draw him out.
Basically, the car is between the front entrance and the laboratory.
I mean, if you think of the laboratory as being off the side, so you've got the front
entrance, then it goes around the front of the house down to the side.
That's where the car is parked.
And then a bit beyond there, there's the laboratory.
I'm cool with the camera, like panning with me as I like sneak like around so he can't
see me as I move.
That's that's really easily done because he's very distracted at the moment.
But the problem is that Rothstein is going to have to get a lot closer in order to really
do anything.
I think that's fine.
Let's do that.
That's just kind of me and Dolan can just form like a henchman line behind you.
So if Dr.
Rothstein is creeping over to the lab, yeah, as I said, you can hear the sound of this
man clattering around inside and just swearing angrily to himself over and over
again.
Can I, like, peek into the library to see where he's kind of searching through stuff?
What I'll ask for is a stealth roll not to be detected.
I will give you a bonus die on this because you've got some cover and he's distracted.
No, 93.
OK, and with a bonus die.
So if you roll the tens again and take the better of the two results.
83.
So, yeah, you creep up, but...
Knock, knock, knock, knock.
I think it's more that in order to get into position to see this, the light from inside
is hitting you.
You switch the lights back on inside, it's all fully lit.
And yeah, you are just framed there in the doorway and you watch for a moment as he's
just rustling around in the wreckage looking for anything he can salvage.
And then he notices you out of the corner of his eye, looks over and immediately starts
fumbling around for his gun, just shouting, who the hell are you?
Oh, don't.
No, come on.
Calm down.
I am the...
Tell him you're the pistol cleaner.
I'm the pistol cleaner for the estate.
At this stage, he's got his revolver in his hand and he just indicates, come in here where
I can see you.
Oh, good.
It's lit up in here and I can clean your gun very easily in here.
Kind of look behind me to signal to the other guys, like I'm in trouble.
And then I walk in.
Are you alone here?
Yes.
At the moment.
He shoots you instantly.
I'm going to take that incredible bit of unconvincing acting there as being in character,
if you don't mind.
So yeah, he's not buying that for a moment.
He says, right, who else is here with you?
The house is my friend and it's alive.
He just looks at you.
I mean, you can only see his eyes.
I mean, he's got this white silk kerchief tied around his face and he's looking at you
over the rims of that.
But I mean, even just seeing his eyes, you can see just the undeniable, unmistakable
expression of what the fuck in them.
If you want to see something cool, I can show you.
Who are you and what are you doing here?
My name, don't worry about my name.
And I'm here to show you secrets.
Come.
Would you come if this terrible Henry Kissinger, like, surprised you and was like, I have secrets.
Got some surprises for you.
I'll clean your gun.
My name is not important.
Come look at the surprise.
He says one more time.
Who are you and what are you doing here?
And if I don't like the answer, I'm going to shoot you.
I start backing.
How far into the laboratory am I?
How far in did you come when he told you to come in?
I'm going to say not very.
I love it when Luke asks those questions.
Super far.
I start backing out and I just kind of like wave, like beckon him towards me.
This is the way.
And then I sprint out of the laboratory as to not be shot.
I'm going to give you a chance.
I'm going to give you a chance then to dodge and get some cover between you and the gunfire
that's coming your way.
Yeah, they'll just push us down the stairs and then this episode will be over.
I got a 16 on a 25.
Okay, so that's a success.
So you are getting out of the way.
He is going to get one chance to shoot you.
But on the other hand, yeah, I mean, he is close enough that it's point blank range.
But because you've dodged, it's just going to be a straight roll and he's not really
a gunman.
So I do fancy your odds here.
That's why I didn't recognize the pistol cleaners.
On the other hand, 25 is a success, even with the basic skill.
So that is one point of damage, minimum damage.
Yeah, I mean, clearly that dodge did help.
You've dived out of the way.
The bullet just wings you.
It clips your left arm just as you're diving around the side of the metal door and there
is searing pain.
But on the other hand, yeah, it doesn't seem to have hit anything vital.
You can hear the sound of this man cluttering through the debris that you left in the lab
and chasing towards the door after you.
Can we see this happening if we're hiding behind the door?
You can certainly see in the light that's coming out of the doorway that, yeah, Rothstein
darts out, dives out of the way, there's gunfire, and then he staggers.
Nathaniel, if he comes through that fucking door, let's just clothesline the bastard.
Yeah, yeah, that, yeah, yeah.
And so, yeah, we're like preparing a move.
I don't know how that works, but if he comes through the door, we would...
Yeah, we just want to juke our arms out and surprise him.
So you're running towards the door.
I pictured us just on the other side of the door at the start, but maybe not.
Yeah, I thought you were over by the car, but...
Remember, we are the hench line.
We accompanied him.
We were walking up with him.
Oh shit, that's right.
You probably were on either side of the door outside.
Yeah, we hid back when he was like, yeah, I'm alone.
Well, let's see then how well the two of you are hiding.
So whichever one of you has got the worst stealth roll, make a stealth roll just to
see whether you're going to get the jump on him.
I've got 20.
Is that the default?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I've got the same.
So which one of you wants to roll for this?
Hit it up, Thomas.
Which one of you makes a yelp when the gunshot goes off?
Right.
38.
Okay.
On a 20.
I mean, it's not catastrophic, but on the other hand, yeah, to get close enough to do
this, you're there within the light that's coming out of the doorway.
And yeah, as you're getting into position, he is going to get a chance to react to this.
And the bad news is because he's got a prepared gun, he is almost certainly going to act
before either of you.
So were the two of you both lunging into clothesline him or was just one person doing
it?
I pictured us both.
Yeah.
Okay.
So it's going to be a question of whichever one of you he considers to be the bigger threat.
And I think Thomas Dolan is the larger of the two men.
So yeah, I'm pretty certain he's going to shoot you.
This is going to be point blank range, so we'll get a bonus die.
Oh, that's good for him.
I just love it when people succeed on their rolls, regardless.
Zach, the correct word is irregardless.
It's fucking 8 AM.
How did you get Andy's frozen custard this early in the morning?
I bought it yesterday, put it in the freezer, and I ate it before I got on mic.
Breakfast of champions.
I had ice cream for breakfast yesterday.
Jesus Christ, guys.
I had a brownie caramel pecan concrete.
You guys look great.
I ordered it small, but they said, well, there's a lot of ingredients in there, so we put it
in a medium.
Hey, thank you.
That's the care Andy's takes.
All right, shoot me, Scott.
So yeah, even with the bonus die at point blank range, the shot goes wild.
He is clearly not expecting two of you to jump out at him, even though you've been pretty
obvious about it.
The shot just goes clanging into the metal door beside you and ricochets back into the
lab.
And he's standing there with the gun now, just pointing around wildly.
Now, are the two of you just trying to deck him at this stage then?
Yeah, Thomas Dolan says, should have got that pistol cleaned.
Then he takes a big 1930s action swing.
Pow!
Give me a fighting brawl roll.
He is going to try to fight back by pistol whipping you.
Oh, that's a better myth.
So what did you get on your fighting brawl roll?
Because I got an extreme success.
I rolled a zero four.
Oh, no.
13.
Very good, but not good enough.
If you have enough points to buy that down to an extreme success, I really recommend
doing so because extreme successes do maximum damage.
Do I spend luck points on that?
Yes, yes, if you have enough.
I don't think Thomas Dolan does.
I think he lost.
I don't think you have any.
Yeah, I think I lost all my luck.
Because I think he may be about to kill you here.
Because with maximum damage on this, he does have a damage bonus.
So this is going to be 10 points of damage coming your way.
Holy shit.
Yeah, so I'm at two hit points.
Okay, can you give me a constitution roll to see whether you can stay standing?
So basically, as you come in to try to deck him, he ducks underneath, brings his gun up,
just backhands you across the face.
And there is this almighty crunching noise as he breaks your nose and blood goes flying.
No, I rolled a 91.
Lights out.
Yeah, Thomas just goes down with a thump lying on the ground.
K.O. Finish him.
What was Dr. Coombes doing?
Now that he's seen Thomas go down, he's freaked out.
No, no, no, no, no.
Fucking fight him, you son of a bitch.
Yeah, you were attacking him too.
And now he's taking all his time killing me.
So you've got to fight up a shot.
Go for it.
He's open, baby.
He just took a shot.
Fucking chomp that.
Okay, the guys want me to hit him with my 25% chance.
Because you are ganging up on him at this stage, there are two of you attacking him.
You do get a bonus die on this.
Perfect.
I'm going for a swing.
I pass.
It's a 22.
Okay, doctor.
So, yeah, give me a damage roll.
You're not using your weapon at this stage.
So it's just going to be a d3 plus any damage bonus you've got.
It's a three.
Okay.
Total.
So, yeah, you managed to hit him a fairly solid blow in the jaw.
And you split the bottom of his lip.
There's a bit of blood running out and he staggers back for a moment.
And he looks really pissed off about this.
He's now going to try to shoot you.
What's...
When I heard the initial gunshot go off and I saw the two get ready for the hang line,
I think Frederick Mellon the foist began his waddle, his quick waddle,
right toward the door, getting ready to join in on the action.
Yeah, and then I'm going to try to disarm this man.
Okay, because again, he does have a gun readied.
He is going to act first, I think.
Yeah, he is because that's plus 50 on his decks.
And unless anyone's got a decks of higher than 115, he's going first.
Ah, 110.
So I think because Dr. Coombs just punched him, he is going to shoot Dr. Coombs.
Let's see how this goes for Dr. Coombs.
Okay.
Oh, hang on.
It's point blank.
He gets a bonus die.
Oh, no, no, that's...
So both my rolls were 84s.
So that's good.
So yeah, obviously you've discombobulated him a bit.
He's staggering back and he's firing wild.
The bullet just goes between you and Frederick and you hear it smack into the car behind you.
And the little girl is dead.
Different car.
This guy is backing into the lab again, halting the gun.
One thing you can see as well, actually, yeah, because Dr. Coombs got a solid blow on his face,
his cachif is coming loose.
As he steps back into the light that's coming out of the laboratory, it comes down and you
can see that his face, there's something wrong with his face.
You can see his mouth there, but the problem is all the other mouths, all these little
mouths with teeth that have just opened up all over his face and seem to be screaming
in pain from the blow.
Oh, my God.
I would like everyone who's conscious and not running away, so that's Dr. Coombs and
Frederick, to make sand rolls.
72 on a 63.
OK.
Fail.
I fail a 29 on a 20.
OK, so you don't lose much sand for this.
I mean, you see much worse things today.
Frederick only loses two points.
Dr. Coombs loses three points.
But Dr. Coombs, on the other hand, was already indefinitely insane, I think.
So this pushes him over into another bout of madness anyway.
Oh, OK.
I think at this stage it's just going to be pure self-preservation.
I mean, there's gunfire going off.
You're not someone who is used to combat.
You've seen Thomas go down.
You've nearly been shot to yourself.
I think you're just running away blindly into the darkness.
I'd agree.
That sounds like what Coombs would do.
Yeah, I'm sure you won't get into any trouble out there.
No.
So that now leaves Frederick on his own dealing with the gunman.
Good luck, Freddie.
Was I just like running?
Well, it's up to you.
Yeah, I mean, if you want to double back and help Fred, by all means, you can.
Yeah, I think...
Well, I'm unconscious, guys, so it's up to you.
I'm flinging myself into the woods, so...
Yeah, so as I'm running away and get clipped in the arm, I'm like, oh,
I feel like I'm down to three hit points and I start running away.
But then when I hear the other gunshots and stuff go off, I turn around and I see between
Nathaniel and Thomas what is going down and I look to see what Frederick Mellon is doing.
And he's going for the disarm.
So you're following this man with the many mouths into the lab as he's backing off
and you're going to try to get the gun off him?
I'm going to try to sneak it away from him.
I'm a very stealthy man and I've been known to steal things off of people a lot by misdirection.
So I'm going to try to flick a coin in the air and then while he's looking at my hand
that's up in the air, just grab the gun out of his hand, maybe.
Okay, then what I'll allow then is for you to use sleight of hand
instead of fighting brawl for the maneuver.
Crazy that I have 10% more in that.
On the other hand, he is still going to try to pistol whip the fuck out of you.
Dude, I rolled a fucking 10.
Oh, that's an extreme success.
That's good because he's rolled a 73 on his fighting brawl.
So that is a complete failure.
So yeah, you have his gun now.
He's trying his hardest just to ignore the very obvious distraction that you're doing.
But there's just something so compelling about the way you flick that coin.
That he's just bringing the gun back to smack you in the face with it
and he's just looking up at the coin and then he's looking down at his empty hand
and just muttering, oh fuck, not again, to himself.
Every time.
Decades of practice.
And with that, I think on the extreme success, by the time he realizes what's going on,
I'm backed out the door.
Gun still pointed at him and hollering back to my comrades.
I got the gun.
He's got my coin.
Yeah, he's hesitantly putting his hands up and saying,
look buddy, don't shoot, you know, I'm sure we can talk this out, right?
Are all the mouth saying that?
Just the one mouth.
The other ones are just opening, closing all over his face, but it's just the one that's talking.
And he's saying, you want money?
I can get you money.
I can get you all the money you want.
I don't want money.
I want answers and money too.
Oh, right.
I forgot about my chief concern in life, which is also stealing money from rich fucks like you.
Yes.
I also want money, but mostly right now I would like answers.
Do you look at my skin?
Look at my face.
I see that your face is equally fucked up in a different measure,
but if you can see my skin, you can see what I've seen.
I want it to be different.
I want to be fine again.
Oh, yeah.
What do you got?
You got some of the entities inside you now?
Yeah, I don't know what you do about that.
I mean, those aren't like species 17.
I mean, those things, when they go inside you,
we can just fish them out and yeah, that's good.
But what do you got inside of you?
No, we've seen those before and yeah.
Look, between you and me, buddy, I was coming in here to clean this place out,
take what I could and just abandon it because last night these things got out.
Everything got out and this place is ruined now.
You know, things like what's crawling around inside you, they're everywhere now.
It's too dangerous here now.
You'd have to be an idiot to hang around here.
Any ideas if your life depended on it?
Shit.
I mean, I guess they're not from the same dimension as the rest of us.
I don't know.
You might be able to do something with the Hawke's device and I don't know,
just face certain types of matter.
It's not something I've ever tried doing.
Keep talking.
I know Hawke speculated about stuff like that, but I mean, he's gone.
Look, this story is currently open, OK?
But you're Sedgwick, right?
Yeah.
You're the closer.
I need you to close my story and give me back.
Me too.
Kira Sedgwick is the closer.
Every Tuesday night.
Wow, that was, I was so wondering where that was going.
I mean, it's lost on me, I'm afraid, but I'm not appreciatively.
It might as well be lost on me.
No one listening will get that reference.
Someone's mom will get that reference.
Yeah, I mean, we can try something, but, you know, this place is half trashed now.
I don't know that we're even going to get it working.
I mean, some idiot pulled the tank over.
There's water everywhere.
I'm sure it shorted out half the electrical circuits in here.
I don't know if we'd even get this working again.
Yes, the house is strange and things break.
That's not my shoulder talking.
That's the man behind me.
Yeah, I step out from behind, Frederick.
I'm back that you shot me.
Fuck you.
While you're having this conversation, let's just deal with Dr. Coons.
So Dr. Coons is running through the undergrowth, running through the darkness.
There's thorns and branches whipping past you, cutting your skin.
You can hear things moving in the darkness all around you.
You can feel the wet traces of things that you're brushing against.
And you don't know where you're going now.
You're just running blindly in a panic.
So I think what I'd like is a luck roll.
Okay.
Nope.
I've got zero of it.
You crashed the four-wheeler into a tree.
Okay.
So yeah, in all the undergrowth that you've been running through,
all of a sudden, your feet go out from under you.
And you realize that you've run into,
fallen into the remains of what was probably an ornamental pond out here,
and just gone splash into this filthy stagnant water.
I mean, the good news is that this suddenly brings you out of the panic you're in.
There's just this cold, this almost freezing splash of water in the face
just shocks you back to some kind of semi-coherent state of mind.
The bad news is that you're not sure that you're alone in here.
There is something big that you can't see just moving.
You can hear the water moving around you.
You can feel the currents of water from something a large moving in the darkness with you.
Can my feet touch the ground here?
Is it that shallow?
Yeah, it's not like a little ornamental pond.
I mean, this is one that they've obviously dug in the garden because it looks pretty.
But let's put this again down to a luck roll.
Are you somewhere in this pond that is shallow enough for you to stand up?
Nope.
Okay.
I got the zero.
Oh, oh dear.
Yes, of course you've got zero.
Well, your feet, they try to scrape for purchase.
And as you drop down, your head dips down below the surface.
You can feel the bottom, the muddy bottom of it down there, but it's just too far.
If you stand at the bottom, the water is just inches above your head.
Coombes is still in, even though he's kind of snapped out of it,
he's still in self-preservation mode.
And so he's just going to try and swim to the nearest bank.
Try to get out of the water.
Maybe a little frenzied.
Then I think, yeah, you have one chance then to escape this presence in the pond
before it takes a lively interest in you.
And that will be a swim role.
I fail a 30 on a 10.
You don't get many opportunities these days to swim.
So you're probably a bit out of practice and you're splashing around in the water
and you're fully dressed as well.
They're pulling you down and just in the darkness, you don't have your bearings
and you're splashing around in the cold.
There's just the shock of being in this cold water.
But yeah, somehow, I mean, you splash around and you just get to the muddy edge of the pond.
But it is muddy, it's slippery.
You put your hand on it and you haven't managed to get close enough
for you to really get a grip on it before something starts wrapping itself around your neck.
It reaches up around your body, reaches up around your neck and it feels soft at first.
But then there are all these sharp bits that start digging in.
So I think let's give you one chance to break away from this
and put it down to an opposed strength roll between you and this creature
before it dines on you.
This opportunity comes once in a life.
I'm imagining this is like an evil cashmere scarf.
I pass a 38 on a 50.
Okay, yeah, I got an 18 on the 60.
So that's a hard success versus your ordinary one.
Yep.
Looking at this in cinematic terms, we just sort of see this last glimpse of Dr. Coombes
as he reaches for the banks, his fingers digging into the mud.
And then suddenly there is this violent motion and he disappears below the surface.
There is a brief disturbance.
There's bubbles that come up and a little froth of something that's not water.
But then the water goes very still again and stays that way.
So, meanwhile, with the rest of you.
Oh my God, dude.
Yes.
Rip.
So, yeah.
Thomas, can you play Taps?
Is that what you do when people die?
That's what they do at the end of the day at the army party.
Well, that's every day, baby.
Back at the lab, you have Sedgwick at gunpoint.
You were discussing what to do.
Rosslyn had made his presence known.
Dolan at this stage, I think, is beginning to come around.
I mean, you've been half awake for a few moments, but you're beginning to get your senses back.
That your head hurts like a motherfucker.
But your thoughts are beginning to come back together into something coherent.
Ow!
Fucking role playing, dude.
That's Thomas Dolan's main overwhelming thought.
Yeah, I mean, this is serious.
I mean, whatever he's done to you, I mean, as you're feeling the wound and it's not just a cut,
but you're certain that there's bits of your skull moving under your fingers that aren't
supposed to move.
But on the bright side, you do know a doctor.
As long as you can get to him and you should be fine.
We are so lucky.
We're so lucky we brought Nathan Coombes along.
He's just as good as a hospital.
I look down at him in Carl's head, he thinks he looks bad.
I'm a doctor.
Trust me, I'm a physicist.
OK, yeah, give me a first aid roll to see whether you can at least keep a skull in one piece.
Yeah, I'm not that kind of doctor.
Yeah, I think this is...
69 on a 40.
Oh, that's a criticism.
Wait, what?
Are we doing that?
Oh, yeah.
Did he fucking roll a 69?
Success, then.
You are that kind of doctor, baby.
I am that kind of doctor.
You're that kind of doctor.
So you're 69ing Thomas Dolan back to health, then?
Yes.
Yeah, he's reinflating.
He bends over and reinflates me from the other end.
OK, yeah, yeah.
Going with your house rule, then.
Yeah, we need to...
This house does not rule.
Well, you can rip up a bit of clothing and just create a bandage to at least
stop his head getting any worse.
I mean, he is going to need proper medical attention at some stage.
But at least you can get him to the stage where he can move around without it being
life threatening.
I'll pull my lighter out and cauterize his wound and then wrap it up with my sleeve.
I'll pick a lighter can cauterize wounds, but you definitely set my hair on fire.
It smells glorious.
No, it's all right.
It doesn't set your hair on fire.
There's too much blood in your hair for it to catch.
Just kind of singes it.
And you do get one hit point back as well for the first aid.
Four.
No, three.
I'm at three, baby.
Heck yeah, me too.
Now, meanwhile, Freddy has got Sedgwick at gunpoint.
You've been talking to him about the situation.
Look, OK, if you give me a hand getting all this stuff working again, I don't know.
I mean, with all the damage Brink did here, I don't know whether we're going to get it
working again.
But if we can, I don't know.
I mean, maybe we can get these parasites out of you.
But there's a good chance that it's all going to go horribly wrong.
And you're just going to get lost there.
You willing to take that risk?
Yeah.
Did you go to university?
Yeah.
Let's give it the old college try.
Carl, get in here.
I got a psychic back here.
He says I helped build all this.
I was Hawks' lab assistant.
Well, now you got two extra hands.
You asked for a hand with it.
I've got a gun pointed at you.
That's all I'm doing this whole time.
What is the plan?
You are helping this gentleman fix me.
I need fixed, too.
Look, and I hold up my arm and it's crawling around.
He says, yeah, I've seen those before.
They'll suck the life out of you within a day or two.
Well, good thing that we're not taking any breaks.
Look, OK, if you can help me fix the damage here, work around any short circuits,
you know, rewire anything that needs to be rewired.
We can try, but look, I understand how to make this thing work.
I understand the basics of it.
I don't know if I can adapt it to do what you're talking about.
I mean, do it or die.
OK, well, does anyone know anything about wiring?
We both do.
Yes, I've been I've turned the portal on before.
So, yes, I know about, you know, I read about 25 percent of an electrical repair handbook
one time, but I internalized all of that.
I would say I have exactly 25 percent of a master's skill in electrical repair.
Well, I think then one of you can take the lead in this rewiring job, and I guess it's
probably going to be Dr.
Rothstein unless you want to play on hard mode.
So then let's have an electrical repair roll off Dr.
Rothstein just to see whether you can repair the electrics.
OK, I got it pretty good.
Damn it.
92 on a 60.
God damn it.
Yeah, the problem with it is that, yeah, I mean, when he pulled this tank over and emptied
all this water across here, that it has fried a lot of the circuits.
And now that it's been here for a while, it's seeped in, you might be able to take some
shortcuts.
You might be able to just bypass entire sections of it.
But, you know, this is an unfamiliar device.
You don't know what effects that might have.
You could push the roll if you want and try doing that.
I'm going to push the roll.
I find two exposed wires and look at them and push them together.
And, uh, 90.
What, really?
OK.
OK, so let's have it play out like this, that you don't realize how spectacularly you
fucked this all up until Sedgwick switches the machine back on.
Sedgwick, don't talk like that.
I have the utmost confidence in this man right here.
Dr.
Rothstein's the smartest, most capable doctor.
I mean, he can see the future.
He's a psychic.
So I don't want to hear any of this.
Oh, can he do it?
Can he do it?
Obviously, he got it right.
I mean, Sedgwick's really impressed when he hears Rothstein saying, what, you're Dr.
Rothstein of the Miskatonic.
I've read your papers.
I'm sorry.
You should have said who you were.
Oh, well, you know, I, I, uh,
I, you know, I know my name carries a lot of weight, but I try not to throw it around.
You know, I want people to like me for me.
Well, all right.
I mean, obviously, yes, I mean, I'll take your word for it.
If you think this is all going to work now, then yeah, let's power it up.
Well, as you know, I'm a fucking genius, so there's nothing can go wrong here.
Good.
Good, good, good.
Oh, I feel better about this already then.
All right, gentlemen, stay outside the circle for safety, but we should be all right to
turn it on now.
I give a big thumbs up.
And with that, Sedgwick throws the knife lever.
And it all sparks into life.
Unfortunately, one of the things that you seem to have shorted or at least worked
around is this containment ring.
Yes.
You see this rip in reality form within the ring and spread out to the extent of the
ring as it did before.
But this time it doesn't stop.
And more than that, it is accelerating.
I mean, even before you have a chance to turn and start running and leaving the lab, it
is just spreading out.
Sedgwick is screaming in terror as he just sees the world around him changing and being
consumed by these alien dimensions crashing in.
You can see the ground around you changing into something that's not quite a marsh, but
maybe a marsh is the closest thing that your brain can make of it.
And there are things in it.
There are things all over the place.
You look around for the door, for the laboratory and the walls, but they're not anywhere
now.
There's just this marsh that's spreading out and these strange clouds and these things
moving through the air and moving through the liquid around you.
And there are the large things, the large things that you're one of which you saw coming
before and you managed to switch the machine off.
But now you realize that's just one of a herd and they have you surrounded.
Sedgwick is looking around in panic, trying to switch the device off, but the device isn't
there anymore.
The switch isn't there anymore.
There is nothing to turn off.
And just with a look of absolute defeat, he just collapses down into the muck and starts
crying.
What do the rest of you do?
I want to start running out of the room.
There isn't a room anymore.
What room?
Yeah.
How do you want to go out?
That's pretty much it.
Yeah.
I turn to Freddy and how many bullets are left?
I got two.
I hear that and I grab the gun and say,
nobody puts Carl in a portal.
And I shoot myself.
Rock, paper, scissors, Thomas Dolan for the last bullet.
Yeah.
I was definitely going to say we let Carl die, but he took that away from us.
So he was never a good person.
Three, two, one.
Shoot.
Okay.
This is a paper.
You win.
Yep.
Oh, I threw paper.
He threw rock.
And, uh, Frederick Millen the first takes the gun in his hands and holds it up to the
skull of Thomas Dolan and is like, you're welcome and fires.
The last thing that comes across Thomas Dolan's face is just a look of pure gratitude and
relief.
He was a good man.
And with that, the herd closes in and when they feed upon you, it isn't like, it isn't
like they just tear you apart and, and digest you or anything like that.
There's, there's a part of you that is now forever within them, just they're still
conscious.
And you can see, you get this realization that, you know, when
hawks broke free, that it wasn't just hawks that came back.
It was one of these things as well that had basically assumed the identity of hawks or
assumed his memories the way that they're now assuming yours.
And, and of course, Edgwick's.
And who knows?
I mean, maybe, maybe if someone ever repairs the device and fires it up again, you can
find a house of your own one day.
Oh my God.
That was his house would be hungry, but my house would be full of regret.
I should have killed myself.
Should have killed myself.
You threw paper, you dumb idiot.
Of course you should have killed yourself.
Dude, what the fuck?
That was dope.
Hell yeah.
Oh, thank you.
I'm glad you like it.
Thank you, Scott.
Thank you so much.
That was incredible.
Holy shit.
Jesus Christ.
I really thought we were going to get out of there, Scott-free.
I don't think I've ever seen an entire party wiped out by a failed push attempt on electrical
repair before.
That's so good.
Oh my God.
That was, I can't, I can't, I can't say enough how much fun that was and how, how horrible
that was.
Good, as I said, I'm really glad you liked it.
I had an absolute blast running it for you.
It was a blast to play it.
Super fun.
Now, I mean, I could tell you all my favorite parts, but I am very curious about the behind
the scenes on this scenario.
I guess I could just fucking read it, but can you give us a rundown of what the fuck
was going on?
I'm very curious about two things.
One, the faceless man, part of it, me thinks that, you know, having a kerchief covering
all the mouths might, might be a faceless being, but the puppets.
The puppet is what I was wondering about too.
Yeah, okay.
The puppet was that skinned monkey thing you found floating in the tank.
Fucking shit.
Okay.
I wondered if it might be that, but I didn't know its purpose still.
Did they bring it into the camp?
Camp with them for some reason?
So it's one of these creatures that they pulled out from the other dimension.
And what the way it works is when they come into the camp, they wear earplugs of wax and
they have this thing that they, one of them just carries on his arm.
And when they want to basically knock people out, they just stick a pin in it and make
it scream.
And it's scream just sort of drives people temporarily into madness and unconsciousness.
Nice.
Oh, that's so dope.
How many of them are there?
Them.
Capital T.
There were four.
So I mean, there's a whole other strand if you go into the town and start trying to dig
around there and get some information about what might have happened.
That basically-
Why would we do that?
It depends which characters you have, but yes.
But yeah, I mean, it doesn't happen very often, but it's definitely an option.
There are these four guys, I mean three initially, so it's Sedgwick who started it all off.
So when Aston Hawks disappeared, Sedgwick took over possession of the device, the Hawks
device.
And he realized that some of these creatures they were pulling back, this species 17,
would basically siphon, in Call of Cthulhu terms, luck off people.
So it would siphon some power and certainly luck and allow you to transfer it from one
person to another.
So basically, he and a few friends were using this in a predatory manner going into initially
targeting people they just didn't like, business rivals or people who were snooping into their
affairs and stuff like that.
This was why so many people in the camp, their lives had basically collapsed because Sedgwick
and his friends had basically been sucking all the luck out of their lives.
Damn.
They just carried on doing that and, you know, using the luck to play the stock market and
make themselves wealthy even during the Great Depression.
And so basically, yeah, I mean, every one of the camp is basically their cattle.
The previous night, they'd taken these two kids back to, you know, they'd taken Billy
and Esther back to the Hawks mansion to try to siphon some luck out of them.
And that was the point at which they'd lost containment on the ring, which had already
been playing up a bit.
And basically, Hawks got out and possessed the house and other things happened.
And they ran away and left the kids in prison downstairs and just thought, fuck this for
a game of soldiers, ran off and were making plans basically to leave town and abandon
all this before it got any worse.
That's great.
How widespread is the radius of the breach?
It had been breaching for a while, which is why some of the things have been creeping
out and infesting the house and so on.
But the big breach that let Hawks out was just the previous day and it was just big
enough to reach the house.
What about when we did it?
Yeah, I was like, you don't have to tell us if Esther's okay or not.
We can leave that.
I think, yeah, let's leave that as a question mark.
But I don't fancy your odds.
Is there in your mind a success scenario once we've been infected by the new species?
Yeah, if someone does have the wherewithal to start making modifications to the Hawks
device, you can do what Sedgwick suggested and basically use it to sort of phase extraterrestrial
matter out of your own body and remove the parasites that way.
Yeah, there may be other methods that I haven't thought of.
I'm always open to creative solutions, but that's the one that occurred to me.
It was just really unfortunate that that result in a failed push-draw.
Because otherwise it might have saved you all, but instead, no.
That would have been boring.
Yeah, it's so much better when it turns out this way.
It's a much cleaner finish.
I guess technically another way to get rid of the wombs, just get eaten by the house
and then you don't have to worry about it.
So what was your reasoning on the house?
So basically, the way that these parasites have been coming out and infesting people
and so on, he basically did the same thing but as this monstrous entity.
He'd been fused with one of these giant things that you saw lumbering around and that
basically did the same thing.
It became a parasitic infection in the house and fused with it.
That's so cool.
So it could be like any inanimate object could be fused with a person?
Or animate ones, yeah.
Yeah, shit dude.
Oh, okay.
So the marsh essentially that was once the garden where Thomas Dolan found that guy,
that was from the breach the night before?
Yeah, so the guy that you found in the garden was basically a drifter who'd come into the
house, was basically looking for something to loot and had been attacked by the parasites
in the garden.
They basically just drained him.
So that was like a some foreshadowing of what was going to happen to you if you didn't
manage to get the parasites out?
Yeah, and it was well done.
And while over the past, I mean, you mentioned earlier, we had three weeks in between knowing
that we had parasites under our skin and dealing with today.
And I just kept thinking about that guy the whole time and being like, I think we're
fucked.
Was the the creature in the pond then was also from that first breach, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, I mean, a lot of the smaller things had kind of crawled out there.
But yeah, the big breach offered a chance for some larger nasties to get out.
If you got to, if you could go on a date with one of our characters, which one?
Asking the real questions.
I'm a very generous lover.
I'll take you all.
Oh, man, nothing said after what I'm saying now will be on the episodes because we just
finished the recorded episodes of this collaboration.
On a high note.
If you were going to take our characters to your favorite date spot in New Bradwell or
Milton Keynes, where would we go?
Oh, gosh.
Remember, this is a party of five.
Yeah.
If you wanted some excitement, we have an indoor skydiving place in Milton Keynes.
There we go.
Hell yeah.
Nothing gets my blood to the edge like...
Okay, so bachelor number one, if I was a salad, what kind of dressing would you put on me?
That's a bit personal, isn't it?
Oh my God.
I would say ranch because it's not legal and I'm a bad boy.
Scott, thank you so much for running this game.
This was so much fun.
Oh, my absolute pleasure.
Yeah, thank you very much.
I don't think it's too forward to say that we're going to miss you.
I know.
Well, I mean, if you ever want to do something like this again, I'm definitely up for it.
Oh, I mean, your words and eyes, we'll see you soon.
We'll see you tomorrow morning.
But for real, that was fucking awesome.
Actually, oh, I'm really glad you enjoyed it.
Life surreal in retrospect, a dream.
Easy times feel less than serene.
In the moment it's hard to count your blessings.
So we long for days gone past us, grief and strife, but that's real life.
