Well bake me a cookie and call me a monster, because I'm here to gobble y'all up.
Nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom
It's your dessert demon daddy, Wolf the Dog, and I'm here to consume your delicious sugary morsels.
I am coming at you live from 694.2 PTBP, the only radio station that runs off of pure glucose.
Fill me up a tub with maple syrup, because it's time to relax and check in with our newest segment,
Howlin' with Wolf.
This Howlin' with Wolf comes from Zachary Fredrickson in Phoenix, Arizona,
who tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pod.
The quickest way to tell your friends you're a nerd who loves putting apples where you can't tan without some effort.
Thanks to Zachary for doing that, and what a great name too.
Anywho, he writes,
I wanna thank my pal, Eld, from the Lancer and PTBP discords for getting me into the show.
And the boys from Contention for getting me into Delta Green as a whole.
I've been a handler for a few times now, and using the lessons I've learned by listening means it's always a great time.
Eld, we gotta play together again sometime.
If anybody was interested in a different type of actual play,
check out at FTLcast on Twitter for a ton of great GM-less role-playing games and LGBTQ plus voices.
Keep it up, boys!
Thanks for writin' in, Zachary.
I've only met one other Zachary in my entire life, and I've gotta say, wasn't a big fan.
But you, Zachary, I'm a big fan of yours.
Thanks for writin' in, buddy.
But to that other Zach, you know who you are.
And you know I'm comin' for you, baby.
If you wanna write up something for your sugary sweet wolf to howl,
go ahead and write up a five-star review on Apple Podcasts,
and email a screenshot to pretendingpod at gmail.com,
or tag at PretendingPod on Instagram or Twitter, and seriously, it's time.
I know you've been considerin' it for a while, and never took the initiative,
but it's time to demand that your friends, coworkers, and baristas start listenin' to this show.
Think of how easy it would be to have conversations with them
if they could debate who the worst cop in contention is,
or what's goin' on with Maggie Cook, or what the fuck I am,
all while you listen to Justin's original soundtrack on our YouTube page.
And then, you can both get your Splashylvania FastPasses over at patreon.com slash pretendingpod
for an absolute cavalcade of bonus content.
Go ahead and click Details on this here episode,
because the links are indeed in the show notes.
The Segway is a two-wheeled, self-balancing personal transporter
brought to market in 2001.
And this is the news.
Last time, the group relived a short chunk of time thanks to the chantin' of Don D. Pettymore.
The second attempt was much better for Keith Beans and much, much worse for Jack Russell,
who was skewered by the rabbit ball.
After John Lee Kevinmore the 3rd realized his goo magic is perhaps endlessly powerful,
He created a portal to the other stilted bunker, where Keith had just walked through the hatch door.
Clark and John narrowly escaped the wild ball, leaving Leo Piston to yet another hellish experience.
Don D followed the boys into this new plane of existence, and John closed the gate behind them.
Standing on glowing ground, they saw a towering building made of darkness in the distance.
More attention, though, was paid to the monumental pipe floating above them.
The inside walls of this tube exude the same bright light they all stand on,
and lumbering across the luminous land of this cylinder is an indescribable beast.
Taking us now to the scene of a literally breathtaking roar
is Dragon N3 with What Kind of World Are You Livin' In?
Bad girls on top of the water, Mary and Caroline I'm on the borderline
Leaving my mind at your altar Crossing the double line, doing it every time
Tell me, what kind of world are you livin' in?
What kind of world are you livin' in?
Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy, Joshua, Judges, Ruth, 1st and 2nd Samuel, 1st and 2nd Kings, 1st and 2nd Chronicles, Ezra, Nehemiah, Esther, Job, Psalms, Proverbs, Ecclesiastes, Song of Solomon, Isaiah, Jeremiah, Limitations, Ezekiel, Daniel, Hosea, Joel, Amos,
Job, Jonah, Micah, Nahum, Habakkuk, Zephaniah, Haggai, Zechariah, Malachi, Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, Acts, Romans, 2 Corinthians, Galatians, Ephesians, Philippians, Colossians, 1st and 2nd Thessalonians, 1st Timothy, 2nd Timothy, Titus, Philemon, Hebrews and James, 1st Peter, 2nd Peter, 3 John's, Jude, Revelation
No, it's Justin, Joe, Luke, Thomas, and Zach.
He always mixes that up though.
That's who's in the call tonight.
I've just gotten used to it.
Philemon, please roll sanity.
I've made a turnaround, guys.
You're like way into Jesus again.
I'm like super into Jesus again, and I think that we need to cleanse this show of our wickedness
in our terrible, terrible, sinful ways, and I think we should start off this episode with
a prayer.
I'm good.
Okay, perfect.
That means you're in, right?
Hold on.
This is really weird, but my cousin literally just texted me and said this, got high and
had ideas.
What if the Carcano rifle Oswald used was a gun in a Delta Green setting, and every
third bullet was magic?
That's a good Delta Green gun.
Did H.W. Bush cast the spell on the gun?
Yeah, I don't know Delta Green lore.
Zach, do you think God could make an apple so big that even he couldn't fit it up his
ass?
No.
There's nothing too big that it couldn't fit up God's ass.
There's no problem too big for that.
I think G.K. Chesterton and C.S. Lewis argued about that point a lot.
Yeah, who won?
The apple.
Yeah, the apple always wins.
When there's one set of footprints, C.S. Lewis won, I think.
Dear Father God.
Are you one of the, are you the poopy kind?
No, no, more of a Paul guy than a Peter guy, personally.
This is like when you asked us to roleplay playing golf.
You guys should get more hobbies, like...
Golf and religion.
Golf and religion.
That's the kind of guy I would love to do.
You guys should really expand your world view into more like traditional white American
things like fundamentalist Christianity and golf.
Wouldn't kill you all to broaden your horizons.
All I'm thinking about is how many golf balls versus apples and there's a lot, a lot more
golf balls you could fit in there.
So maybe I will take it up.
They do flush golf balls down toilets to show like how, how much water pressure there is
or whatever.
And toilets are kind of like butts because you poop into them.
Wait, I'm sorry, what?
You know, like they show like the water pressure or whatever.
They put a bunch of golf balls in a toilet and flush it and it's like, look how much
stuff you can flush down this toilet.
Because you got to see how powerful that flush is.
You got to know.
I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.
It sounds like a guy just came over to your house and like pranked you.
Like what?
He's like, yeah, I'm a plumber, but really it was just like doing everything you could
to break your toilet.
Right.
And he put a little...
Yeah.
We call this the golf ball test.
Look it up.
Golf balls and toilets is the thing.
You can't run with us.
All right.
Uh, let's...
Are you okay, Zach?
You had like a real flustered moment after that.
It sounds to me like Justin's not a part of the turbo team.
Uh, let's go ahead and get into the, what happened at the end of last session, which
is that John created a fucking portal, uh, with his goo magic.
What are you calling that, Thomas?
Does that, does that sound right?
You know, my, my ooze abilities, my, I guess we would say muck magic for alliteration,
but we've never called it the muck.
I like alliteration clearly this arc.
Muck sounds like something fun we could call it.
That's also like down homie and would be appropriate for these characters.
Muck magic.
I like that a whole lot.
Muck magic.
We're fighting the muck, but I guess I'm from the muck.
I always knew that.
How do you feel right now?
You just said without thinking about it, talking about the current campaign, we're fighting
the muck.
Uh, there's a bit of a two minded nature there happening within you, I'd imagine.
No, no, no real conflicts.
Okay.
All right.
Good.
Good.
Very straightforward stuff.
You know, you can put, you could, John, John Lee Pettymore is a very strong personality
and it doesn't really matter what form you put it in.
It's pretty sure it's John.
What's your goal though?
Well, you know, even if I was made of this world, I'm from our world.
I'm our, I'm fighting for it.
I'm with us.
The muck needs to go back.
I'm not going to go, you know, I'm one of the good ones.
That's the right answer.
You can stay.
So you guys make it through this portal and into a new world that Keith has seemingly
led you through this hatch.
You heard a ring-a-ding-ding from the other side of this door that you then walked into.
John closed the portal behind you and the hatch door that you walked through disappeared
along with it.
And as you guys look around, you see the ground you all stand on.
It's made of light.
There's a soft glow that illuminates this new world from below and every direction surrounding
you, what could be called the ground meets what could be called the sky.
And it's this blacker than black opaque darkness.
And there's nothing on the horizon except for a single imposing building way off in
the distance, dimly lit from below.
But you can see that it's a slightly shiny pitch black, which I think would trigger your
memories back to a specific picture that you found inside Julie Maxwell's crashed vehicle.
But Keith doesn't notice any of that because he is staring straight up and each of you
understand why he hasn't stopped staring when you follow his gaze up into a tube of pure
light hanging above.
The interior wall of this incandescent pipe is made of the same light you currently stand
on and there seems to be only complete darkness beyond its well lit passage.
So imagine, yeah, someone who is just extremely massive out of this world bigger than you
is holding a them sized toilet paper roll above the world that you are in.
The interior of the toilet paper roll is made of this pure light, but the outside of it
is made out of pure darkness.
And so you can see up through it past all the light is darkness as well.
And inside this immense, resplendent toilet paper holder, consistently plotting the glowing
terrain somehow simultaneously moving toward you and staying at a uniform range, there's
this towering, lumbering beast seemingly made of the darkness that surrounds everything
in this place.
It walks on two massive legs the size of trees, its broad shoulders swing back and forth high
above the glossy ground.
As you all stare, its image seems to form and reform over and over like incomprehensible
little glitches and you cannot fully make sense of its shape.
Real quick, I'm not getting, I don't have a clear picture of the tube.
Can you do it one more time or tell it to me in a different way?
Yeah, I don't actually either understand.
This creature is walking on the light plane inside the tube?
Yeah, so imagine that gravity is pulling everything inside this tube to the walls of the tube,
the internal walls.
So this thing's walking on a different level of gravity from you guys.
It's walking down, but it is clearly like on the wall of the tube.
Like a hamster wheel?
Yeah, like a sideways hamster wheel.
So imagine that this notebook is what you guys are standing on, okay?
Now above you is the toilet, I'm holding up a toilet paper roll above the notebook.
From where you are, you can see all around, you basically just see a circle, like an oval
in the sky made of light.
But then as it moves around, this thing is not stagnant, it's kind of moving.
It is always directly above you and also very much not all at the same time.
So it is a round circle that then you can see as you're looking straight up, you are
seeing the inside of this tube as well as through the tube into the darkness that is
above it.
Now inside the tube, if you guys are looking straight up, there is this creature inside
the tube and it's massive.
And I imagine the tube to be gargantuan in nature, we're talking hundreds of yards across.
So this creature, while not taking up a ton of room inside of this tube, also you can
see how huge this thing is.
The creature is walking along it, but it could also be walking along this side or across
the top or across the other side or across the bottom, always seemingly lumbering toward
you and keeping the exact same distance away from you all at the exact same time.
Is it bipedal?
It is bipedal.
Its feet are rooted on whatever side it's on, but its head is always in the middle.
Yes.
Cool.
Which means that this thing is fucking huge.
Good screenshots, Luke.
Thank you.
I knew those would come in handy.
Does that make more sense?
It does make more sense, for sure.
Everyone notices, everyone rolls sanity.
What about those of us that have maybe very little sanity?
I failed.
You should have rolled a three like me.
I grabbed a different character sheet just off the top of a pile of character sheets
and I was like, how do I have fucking 40 sanity?
I'm kicking ass right now.
Oh no, I've only got 10.
Justin, Dondi Pettymore looks up and just has this like, of fucking course reaction.
I failed my sanity.
I failed, but not over my power.
John Lee Kevinmore the third loses zero sanity.
He just sees the agitation on the faces of those around him as they show the telltale
signs of losing a little bit of their minds.
And he then becomes agitated because it's like, what?
Come on, guys, we go through this shit every day at this point.
It's good to be in a game where you present a very, what you think is a very cool monster
and then someone succeeds on their sanity check and says, I'm over it.
It's not even, it's not even, you know, of course it's a cool monster, but like, is it
breaking?
Why is it still breaking your minds?
Get over the world you knew and embrace, embrace the muck.
Keith Vigna lose one sanity.
Clark Bishop sees something a little bit different.
Not only does Clark see what this is, but he also sees the history that he has with
this creature.
So I need you to roll a D4.
It's a two.
Lose two sanity.
Hey, uh, Don, what did that phone look like?
It looked like a old, like old school rotary phone.
So that's not, that's not the phone we're looking for, is it?
No, I do not think so.
I can't say that that looks much like a rotary phone.
I start running towards the building.
Can we hear anything in this space other than the roars of the monster?
There's a slight hum in the air in the distance.
It's not completely silent, but you can't make out what the hum in the distance is.
Where are they?
Where are they?
Where is who, Clark?
The circle.
The last time I was here, the circle was here.
They were chanting.
They were chanting to keep this creature at bay.
I don't, I don't see them.
I don't hear them.
Where are they?
This can't be good.
This can't be right.
This can't be right.
This can't be right.
This can't be right.
This can't be right.
This can't be right.
That's the thing.
That's the thing I've been telling you guys about.
And the circle was keeping it here.
And if they're not here, I don't, I don't know what's, I don't know what's going to
happen.
I don't know what's going on here.
Do you remember what they were chanting?
Hey handler, can I, Joe doesn't for sure.
Could Clark do a role to see if he remembers?
Yes.
Do an intelligence at a, okay, I'm going to do negative 20 for how many lives you've lived
since then.
Another negative 20 for seeing this thing and being in its presence and then a third
negative 20 for the sheer horror of being sent to another realm by a little bug that
was attached to your foot.
So I've got a 55 so I can only crit fail this.
It's a 29.
Okay.
I thought I was giving you like a slight chance, not a zero chance, but even if it was negative
40, he would have failed.
No, I can't for the life of me remember what they were saying.
I didn't really care about chance back then.
I wasn't paying attention.
Your mind was like fucking split in half in that moment when, when you got sent to this
other plane of existence for a moment, honestly, I've been kind of hoping I could run into
some of those circle of knowledge guys while we were here and they'd help us get back.
So that kind of blows my pant plan out to shit.
I don't, I don't know what's going on now.
Well, I mean, if we could remember that chant, maybe, you know, we could go back and grab
Leo and sit him here to die for eternity while he chants it, or we could at least say something
temporarily.
It seems like that's kind of a dead end though.
Yeah, it'd be a good idea if I could just remember that damn chant.
How far away has Keith gotten?
I was going to say, am I actually making progress?
Yeah.
The world around you guys is stretching as Keith is running away from you.
In my vision, is the building getting any closer to me?
Yeah, ever so slightly.
And then all of a sudden I need Thomas and Joe and Justin to take their headphones off.
Uh oh, I hope I'm alive when they get back.
Well, at least one of you probably will be as you are running.
You are completely caught off guard by this humanoid figure hanging by its ankles.
Some darkness has pulled itself and you see it's holding on to the bone right above the
ankle and it is rubbed down through this man's pants to where the pants are cut and it is
rubbed through the skin.
There's blood pouring down the man's legs up toward his torso and then onto his face,
a face that you recognize that is beet red.
And there are two belts pulled tightly around his neck.
The word fool is branded on his forehead.
And Keith beans, you are looking directly into the face of Keith beans, your own face,
maybe a year or two older.
And he is wearing clothes that you recognize as clothes that you wore when you were going
under the name Silas Cole.
Damn.
Well, so I'm running and this thing like just pops up in front of me and I smack right
into the body.
It takes me a second to realize and I look down and he's dead obviously, right?
He's not.
His face is completely red.
You've you've kind of woken him up and you said he has two belts around his neck, two
belts around his neck, no belts on his pants.
I look and I see the belts and I want to try to like get them from around his neck, like
take them off.
Are you, who are you?
Who are you?
His eyes get huge.
Keith.
Yeah, that's me.
It's me.
It's you.
It's me.
Are you, are you Keith or are you, are you Silas?
Yes.
How'd you get here?
She threw me through the hole.
Who did?
She threw me through the hole in the ground.
Mary.
Mary.
How long you been here for?
Oh, I guess that'd be like a bunch of years, right?
Uh huh.
Yeah, a bunch.
Uh, you, he like tries to reach out to grab you and you see like his hands have been hanging
down to the ground below his head for who knows how long.
They're completely red.
Uh, he seems to have no use of the fingers.
So he's just kind of like prodding at you, uh, with these unmoving phalanges.
And he's like, let me try to get you down.
Get the blood out of your head.
I want to like touch the goo, whatever is holding him up is, am I able to manipulate
it at all?
Yeah, it's malleable enough.
You can manipulate it.
I just try to pull him down and like stretch it out enough to where it breaks.
Yeah, it's, it's honestly, it's being hung up by nothingness up into the air, up into
the sky around you as if, uh, it is, it stretches out and then kind of snaps.
I'm thinking like laughing, like Laffy Taffy.
If you like stretched out Laffy Taffy.
Yes.
Perfectly dark Laffy Taffy.
I don't know what, stand up.
Can you stand up?
There is no blood in the whole bottom half of his body.
And so as he's trying to stand up, I start massaging him from his head down to try to
put the blood back down.
Yeah, I think like this seems like, that seems like the perfect moment for the rest of the
group to come up and meet you.
Tell you they're sorry.
Okay, uh, Luke, go ahead and take off your headphones for a second while they catch up
with you.
Real quick.
In all that time you were just with Luke, did he make it to, um, did we see him like
go in the tower?
No, no, no, no.
He made it about a third of the way before you see that there's something else in the
distance that he is, he's dealing with, uh, another body there.
Uh, it was hanging upside down at first and then he like pulls it down to the ground.
And then as you continue approaching, he kind of gets it up onto its feet.
Can we make out the figure from here?
Do we, is it a person?
If you guys get to the point to where you can make out who it is, then I'll have Luke
back on the call cause you guys will be within earshot.
I'm good with that.
Is Don with us?
Yes.
What about mentally?
Not so much.
Don's kind of muttering to himself about like the phone over and over again.
Now that we've come in here, he's like, where, why did the phones, I thought we heard the
phone in here.
I don't, we need to find the phone.
He's staring at the tube still while you guys are talking and muttering to himself about
the phone.
Good point Don, we did hear the phone from in here, so presumably the phone is somewhere
around here.
Yeah, we gotta, we gotta find, we gotta find that phone.
John, your friends are weird.
I think we need to get together and use this here petty more magic that we possess.
I've been calling it muck magic, but I've taken to calling it as of late.
That's wonderful.
That's beautiful.
Hey, you know, you know, Uncle Don, you seem, you seem just a little bit rattled.
My muck magic, my, my spider senses, as it were, they're kind of sending me towards a
Keith's direction.
I think we should maybe go check that out and see, see if he's sure these friends of
yours are reliable.
We got an important mission right now.
We got to find that phone.
Oh Lord.
No, but they are definitely connected with the phone and everything.
So like it's, we sticking with them is probably the best direction towards that.
If you think so.
We got it.
We got to find that phone.
All right.
So like I said, my, my, my muck Dar, my, my, my tingly connection to this world, you know,
it seems to be pointing me towards Keith.
Let's just head that way.
And I grabbed him by the shoulder and I kind of, I kind of push him towards that direction
and start walking with him and guiding him.
I slap his arm off me and walk that direction by myself.
Such a healthy family relationship.
Not like a mean slap, but you know, I'm like, yeah, like uncles do.
You know, an uncle slap.
The three of you approach a site that I'm going to let Keith describe or Luke rather.
So you see a man sitting on the ground in front of Keith and Keith is putting his hands
around the man's head like this.
We can see that, but you're going to have to describe it for the listeners.
He's like two hand jerking off the whole head.
Yeah.
Like massaging his head with his hands around his head and like pushing down and then like
going down his shoulders or like up his hands and down his body and like rubbing him down.
And then as you get closer, you see that the man in front of him on the ground has just
looks like all the blood is in his head.
And after you kind of get over that, like the kind of purpley red on his full forehead
is the brand fool.
And after you see all that, you realize that the man is Keith beans.
Oh shit.
But he's got some old timey clothing on.
Oh shit.
Is he like visibly older or?
Few years I think is what, not much.
Is he responding to our Keith's touch at all?
Oh yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you Keith.
This is getting out of hand.
Now there's two of them.
Guys.
I found me.
It's Silas Cole.
Yeah.
What happened to make you sound like that?
And he points it to belts that are on the ground and he points at his neck.
He had these belts around his neck and he was hanging upside down and I'm just trying
to get the blood back down into the rest of his body.
And I'm still massaging his head.
Oh God.
I forget Keith that you did pass that EMT class so you do know exactly what to do in
these situations.
Hey Silas, Silas, Keith, put your arm, raise your arms up so the blood goes down into the
rest of your body.
His arms go up in the air.
Keith, why does, why does Silas Cole look, it's you, but you said it's Silas.
I don't, I don't understand.
I thought I had told you this before, but.
Yeah, you have.
I'm just, I'm as Clark seeing two Keith's before him and you're calling one Silas.
I feel like it needs to be reiterated.
Well, just, he's Silas and I'm Keith, but I'm, I'm remembering now as a, as I see it,
as I see him, uh, he said he got thrown into a hole and that's how he got here.
And I remember when I was him, I got thrown in to a hole by Mary.
But if I was him, but I'm me, but I.
When did, when were you him?
Uh, well, a long time ago, right?
Roll sanity.
Thomas, I'm sorry to bring it up again, but can you move the microphone in a better position
for you?
Uh, I, yeah, it's that or me like breathing right into the mic.
Like yeah.
Okay.
I get that.
It's just, when you do lean forward, then we get really, really good audio.
But then when you don't, it isn't good.
Yeah, I understand what you mean.
But I think you're a great person and you're a good friend and a great role player.
And I love you.
I love you too.
But I do take that all intensely personally and I'll never forgive you.
Good.
Good.
That seems, that seems perfect.
That seems right.
But I, I have learned my lesson and I'll definitely just keep all that in mind and not like I'll
keep that in practice.
Luca, how'd you do on the sanity check?
I failed.
Regular fail.
Okay.
Just lose one sanity is you can't remember when you were Silas or when you were you and
you think maybe that you're both at the same time right now.
Isn't that you?
I mean, it is you.
Yeah.
I look at, I look at him and I punched myself in the stomach.
Did that hurt?
No.
Okay.
Just.
But I, there's so much pain going on in my throat and my head that I don't know if a
stomach punch would really do much damage right now.
I start rubbing his throat like you would a dog that you're trying to get to swallow
a pill.
Remember in Looper when they torture that guy by like removing parts of him in a different
time and all of a sudden his little bits are gone in this time?
That shit was crazy.
That was crazy.
God, I hope that doesn't happen to us.
Just something to keep in mind if you ever, you know, get out of line, Silas.
Not that we have that capability, but come on, you know, we could figure it out.
You're a past version of, of Arky.
Do you know us?
Do you, are you, do you know who I am?
Yeah.
You're the overseer.
Oh, you know me as the overseer.
That's that's, that's kind of.
No, you're Clark Bishop.
You're my partner.
But we talked about it like, oh, who's the chosen one?
He's ball.
You know, that's, I don't know you.
And he points at Dawn and he's like, I don't know who you are, but I don't know who you
are either.
God damn it.
Did you become Silas Cole after one of our days waking up in the mausoleum?
Yeah, it was when you were up in the mausoleum and I went down underneath Bean's Pond and
then I saw Tildy and I used the gun and I was Silas Cole.
Am I going to have to rerecord all of your lines?
Yeah, and you're going to have to, you're going to have to pop yourself in the throat
a couple of times before you do.
Yeah, he's, he's right.
I remember now.
So then, so then after you were thrown as Silas Cole into a hole, a, a Cole in a hole,
then you woke up again in the mausoleum with us?
No.
No, not you.
Our Keith.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Not you.
Oh, you want to hear mine though?
Don't we, didn't we just figure yours out?
Just the past, not the, not the present.
Oh, I kind of assumed since you got here, you just been hanging, uh, what's, what's
been going on?
I just been hanging.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But all the people I put here did this to me.
Once you got here or before you got here?
Once I got here.
Gotcha.
Okay.
So there's, there's other people around and Clark starts looking around.
What do you mean the people you put here?
You remember when we put, when, when we put the people, when we put the people in here
to get rid of them?
Like the professor and the rancher.
That's right.
Cause we got the big judge, the big judge was Mary.
Yeah.
That's right.
Mary got a hold of Judge Cortland.
Good God, Keith.
How many did you kill in the service of contentions founding?
I mean, I, I really, when I was him, I had, I would say literally no control over my actions.
Yeah.
But isn't that just what the Nazi said?
I'm not saying you're a Nazi.
I'm just saying you're, you're saying like a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
Yeah.
But Silas says things like a Nazi.
I'm Silas Cole.
No, you said it.
And I'm Keith.
He's me.
And no, but he's him.
I'm not him right now.
He is me though.
I'm him, but he's not me.
And I'm him, but I'm not him.
I'm going to, we, we, we should draw a big mustache on one of you just in case we ever
get you confused.
You see the giant brand on one of the foreheads that says fool.
No, I think a mustache would be...
John still takes out a Sharpie and...
And puts it on your Keith.
A fancy little, yeah, on our Keith.
Okay.
There we go.
Now we'll just remember Keith has, has the, the fetching.
You better not draw a Hitler mustache on me.
No, I didn't draw you Hitler mustache.
I really like this fella named Jimmy Buffett and he's got a song called Pencil Thin Mustache
about all the movie stars that you grew up watching.
Yeah.
It's on that.
It's, it's a couple tracks after that I think on the greatest hits maybe.
But yeah, you got a little, a nice little Clark Gable mustache.
Well thank you.
But maybe we gave it some, some fun little twists up at the end.
Yeah, I think we did.
Look, there's a happy little twist.
You said Mary threw you in the portal.
This question goes out to any Keith.
How did you, how did, why did Mary turn on you?
Well, Mary was his ball, you know, that I made, that he made, that we made, and it got
into...
He high fives you.
I high five him back.
How's his hands looking?
As soon as he high fives you, he's like, ah, and like kind of shakes him, shakes him out
because it would hurt so much if you high five someone with all the blood still like
in your hands.
I mean, yeah, so the ball that we made, ball, which is Mary, got in a big old guy, giant
guy, and he, you know, basically killed, kind of got rid of us.
A giant guy?
Big old guy.
Is that guy up there in the toilet paper tube?
No, not that big.
Also what do you know about that, I point up?
You know, Clark was babbling a little bit about it, but it seemed like he, he had taken
leave of his mind there.
He seemed to think that there should, should be others, other people, other...
Yeah, uh, Fool Keith, uh, you've been here for a while, have you seen other people around
here?
Have you seen, when I was here a long time ago, there were people who were kind of keeping
that thing at bay, and I don't see them here now.
Have you seen them go anywhere, do anything, or?
They used to, ah, they used to, there used to be people there, yeah.
What happened to them, do you know?
Nope, they're just not there no more, but that thing's bigger now.
You said you got kicked out of there, and I point to the building, you got kicked out
of there?
Who kicked you out?
A long time ago.
Who kicked you out?
Gambler, named Thomas, uh, the professor, and the rancher, and, uh, bartender, the piano
player, they were all super angry that I'd thrown them down here.
Why were you throwing them down here again?
Again, this goes out to either Keith.
They were finding out about the residue.
Right, right, right.
Residue?
I've been calling it a muck.
Mmm, I like that.
Good name.
Wait, were we using the residue to make stuff?
When we made stuff, the residue is the magical brite product.
Okay.
Silas?
Nah.
John, John's getting real serious here.
So you're, you are the, the Keith who became Silas, and, and made ball?
Yeah.
At long last, this is my, my real daddy.
Ahhh!
And he reaches out, and he's gonna swipe, uh, some of the, uh, muck from your face,
and he puts it on his thumb, and then he swipes it across your forehead, and he says,
Simba!
Did you just lie, you just lying king to me?
Oh my god, I kneel down, I kneel down in front of him, and I start rubbing his head like
Keith is.
Yes!
Thank you, Daddy.
Thank you, thank you for accepting me, Daddy.
Oh, you're beautiful.
Thank you, I try, I hope I'll make you proud.
Have you, have you had children?
No, I'm a bit of, you know, I'm a bit of a, bit of a hound dog, bit of a bachelor,
race car, former race car driver, you know.
He, he puts out a fist to pound it.
Yeah, I pound it.
Can I ask you just one question, Daddy?
Of course.
Why did you bring me into this world?
Well, it's tricky, because I, I already did.
So then I did it again, because I already had.
Ain't that just why parents keep having babies, you know, when you get right down to it?
Just doing what's expected of you, or what you think's expected of you.
I get it, I get it.
Alright, so it's not like I was planned, but you had to do it, I get it, alright.
I have as much of a valid reason for existing as any of these guys did.
I think so, yeah.
Silas, are you saying you only did things because they, it happened already?
And you're just trying to do them?
I didn't have to try.
I just did what I did, and it happened to be the thing that already happened, because that's what I did.
That's deep, that's like Eastern.
You're so wise, Daddy.
Wow, that is...
Daddy, if we get out of here, can we have a catch?
Of course.
Right on, right on. Thanks, Pops.
I hate to break this up as sweet as it is, but I, you know, before I ran right into you, I was trying to get to that building because of that, as I point up.
And when you point up, you all look and see this thing, it has been getting a little bit closer, you think, than the last time you saw it.
And you remember that this Silas Cole version of Keith did say that since the people around it have gone, that the thing has been getting bigger.
And then you look back down at the building in the distance, and you all see, making its way toward you, across this twinkling terrain, is some sort of four-wheeled personal vehicle.
Like a double-wide motorcycle.
But as soon as it starts to get close enough for you all to recognize the wheelsman of this sort of smart car without the little doors or roof, a portal opens up right above it.
A very similar portal to the John Made Hole you all just recently escaped through, and crashing down onto the back of this tricycle with the same amount of wheels in the front as in the back,
is a gaunt woman with crazy hair and enormous thick glasses that make her already large eyes look even bigger.
She wears jeans and a white t-shirt with a leather jacket, and four wiry metal tendrils protrude from the back of her neck.
One dethrones the previous driver of this four-wheeler, tossing him behind like carelessly placed banana peels in Mario Kart.
As the other three plant themselves firmly into the fluorescent floor below.
Rose Mary, but this time with periods after each letter in Mary, holds on tight to her mechanical steed with 42 horsepower, and her long silver limbs fling her up high into the air,
so high in fact that she seems to click into a new set of gravitational rules, and she falls wheels first onto the ground of the bright cylinder that hangs above this place,
and houses the lumbering Gigantam Bropithecus, and the consistently one-upping itself ATV drives up and away from you.
Holy shit.
Damn.
Holy shit.
So anyway, could we have a catch sometime?
So basically this four-wheeler's heading toward you guys. It's in between you and this imposing building off in the distance that's made out of a shiny black substance,
and suddenly a portal opens up above the four-wheeler. Rose Mary, M-A-R-Y, comes down and lands on the back of the four-wheeler.
One of the four metal tendrils coming out of her neck rips the driver off of the four-wheeler and tosses them behind her,
and then the other three tendrils plant themselves into the ground and fling her and the ATV up into the air so fucking high that they go up inside the toilet paper holder,
cylinder of light that is hanging above you all, and she lands inside of it and starts driving towards this massive lumbering beast that you've seen.
Roll Sanity.
Fail.
Fail.
Fail.
This is a zero slash one, so you guys all lose one sanity as you already knew the ball was inside of Rose Mary,
because two of you watched Marvin Glass fling the ball at her when it took her over before she fired the gun,
and you already knew that these things were capable of, like, insane feats.
However, a couple new things. One, just the sheer fact that this thing anime jumped itself with a four-wheeler up that high is fucking crazy,
and then for Jon, personally, realizing that you can be in your body and use the metal tendrils is a new idea,
which that could be sanity-blasting in and of itself that you could be a Spider-Man villain if you so choose.
If you were to look at the back of Jon's neck, you might see some tendrils, like, just bubbling up beneath the surface in anticipation.
This is dope.
Everybody roll unnatural real quick.
Crit pass.
I crit pass too. I got a 22.
Holy shit.
I got a 55.
And I got a 9.
I bet my roll be the most important one.
I bet you fail.
Hold on, I lost one of my dice.
That happened to me earlier, and I couldn't find it, and now I'm rolling with my second choice dice.
Are you fucking kidding me? I got a 71 on a 70.
Oh, shit.
That other dice was probably a crit success.
I don't know why I did that voice.
Dice truly do tell a story, and oftentimes they follow the history, lore, and plot of what's happened in the campaign leading up to this point, which is always handy.
Yeah, that's because they're controlled by God, who wants us to have a cool game.
Oh, good. I'm glad that you've seen the light.
If you have a lame role-playing group with bad rolls, it's because God doesn't love you.
You just gotta pray harder.
Get them rolls right. Get them rolls right, boy.
Rolls right with God, rolls right with me.
And you guys are standing there.
And you guys are standing there.
Dawn, you don't see fucking anything, but the other three see a bright flash of light right in front of you.
And Thomas, take off your headphones real quick. Justin, same with you.
Clark and Keith see the translucent, spindly hand holding an old, strange-looking camera with a green light lit as it takes a picture of the three of you standing on this luminous land with darkness in the sky behind you.
And the face of Marvin Glass, the orifice with just red lipstick outlining a hole, is only seen for a glint, just a moment in your mind before the bright flash of this camera snaps you back to your current existence.
This thing blipped in for only a moment.
Dope. Holy shit.
Sick. So sick.
Holy shit.
I rub my eyes and I'm like, did anyone else see that?
Clark is also just kind of blinking real hard.
I think I saw it. I saw it was him. Did you see it?
I saw him, too.
Yeah, what are y'all talking about?
You remember seeing that picture, don't you, Clark?
Yeah, and so I guess we just saw him take it?
I think so.
Is that what that was?
I'm sorry, what did y'all see?
It was Marvin.
Taking our picture.
Taking whose picture?
Ours. Here, standing here now.
You've seen a picture of that?
I'm pretty sure.
Yeah, me and Keith were in his office at one point. I don't know if you remember.
A couple days ago.
You were underwater at the time, I believe.
Yeah, no, I'm not allowed to listen to those episodes.
And he had a picture. He'd taken it with the camera with the tubes on it.
And he kept asking us why we were in it.
And at the time, we sure as shit didn't know.
But now we know. I guess it was now.
Back then, he took our picture now, right?
I still couldn't really answer his question if he asked me right now.
Exactly, yeah.
At least I know where we were?
Well, that's a fun little Easter egg, I guess.
Anyway, you think Rosemary's gonna kill that thing?
Real fast, the timing is still all-timey weirdness here.
Because he showed us that picture, and then Rosemary did her shit in the office, and she fired the gun.
And now we see, presumably, that she ended up here.
But he'd already taken the picture when we saw all that.
But just now, we saw that Rosemary came down through a portal, went tearing off into the glowing light up there on the ATV, and then the picture got taken.
So there's something weird still going on with all this.
Oh, there's something weird going on here?
Literally, the second Keith moves into frame and pokes at the little metal tendrils coming out the back of your neck.
I give him an uncle slap.
The pet and uncle slap away.
Ouchie, ouchie.
Don't touch my spine.
This all just reiterates that time doesn't move the same here, which could be to our advantage or disadvantage. I don't know what to make of that.
All things are happening at once, maybe? I don't know.
Well, it could be, but probably not, but maybe.
I turn to fool Keith. Fool Keith, how long have you been here? From your perspective?
It sounds like it was to hang you from your feet for a year. Would you be able to know that it was a year?
Yeah, like if I had a watch or something?
You don't really have day and night cycles here, I guess.
No, it's always bright from the bottom and dark from the top.
How many years would you guess you couldn't guess how many years you've been here?
Like a hundred and forty.
That's a long time. I'm sorry. I'm sorry about that.
That means apparently you don't age here either.
Or need food or water, I guess. Was somebody feeding you? Was somebody keeping you alive here?
No, never got hungry. Never got thirsty.
I had thought maybe you had peed and pooped all over yourself hanging upside down, but luckily that probably wasn't an issue.
No pee-pee, no poo-poo.
I want to look up and see what's happening up above us right now.
The all-terrain vehicle is driving toward the Gigantam Rapithecus.
Do they either one seem to be making progress towards each other very much?
Nope.
So, Keith, you said the Circle was keeping that thing up there.
No, that was me.
Sorry.
Was I saying that?
No, Daddy. I just got Clark and Keith confused.
Something weird's happening here.
Yeah, I think you're right. Damn.
Why did the Circle want to keep this thing up there, and what do y'all think Mary might want with it?
The way it was conveyed to me, there's a chance that that's the only thing the Circle of Knowledge has ever wanted, was to keep that thing here.
They seemed to think that it was kind of the Destroyer sort of be-all-end-all. If it got out of here, things would be bad.
And I'm a little fuzzy that there's, I think, the Overseer. I think the Overseer is supposed to do battle with that thing maybe.
He's like the savior that is going to stop that thing once and for all.
Yeah, and you're the Overseer.
Should we boost you up there?
And we're here.
I'm not the Overseer yet though, guys. I don't know anything like old Clark does. Clark old does shit that I can't even dream of doing.
Maybe you become it when you defeat this thing.
Yeah, and I mean if you are the Overseer, eventually it means you are the Overseer now. It's been inside you the whole time.
Like ball was inside John.
But not the whole time, was it?
The whole time.
Yeah, the whole time.
Oh, the whole time.
Mrs. Doubtfire, you guys like that scene?
It's a fun movie.
The whole time?
Anyway.
Or like Harry Potter. Always.
I always cry at that scene. You know that movie is about kids' parents dying. That tears me up every time.
Or like Sandlot.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Yeah, that dog. That big funny dog.
Yeah.
He's scary, but ultimately he's a sweetheart.
So Clark, if you were going to fight that thing right now, how would you do it?
I mean, Jon, you remember when we were fighting Anne, I did do a little bit of what seemed like magic.
I was just repeating what I heard though. I don't know if... I can't like create.
I don't think.
What if you can though? What if like that circle was just saying the words you say right now?
I was hoping that when I found my parents' book that I could use that to figure out more stuff. I just...
Just say some bullshit and we'll see if that like giant stumbles or something. I don't know.
Too-doo-hock-a-noo. Try that.
Try too-doo-hock-a-noo.
Don.
Maybe it coming out of your mouth gives it power.
Clark summons up all his gusto that he can and kind of walks away from the group a little bit,
cracks his neck, looks up at the monster up there and with...
And as you walk away from the group, you see that the man who was thrown off the back of the four-wheeler
as the portal opened up above and a man got thrown off the four-wheeler.
He's been walking toward you slowly this entire time.
And he's pretty much up on you at this point.
And so you can keep talking for sure and give it a go.
But just to let you know what you see, which is a slender, muscular man in a black t-shirt.
He's got tribal tattoo sleeves on both arms going down to his hands and fingertips.
Friend is branded across his forehead.
Joe, do not let him distract you.
He knows that if we say too-doo-hock-a-noo right now, the game's over. We win.
Don't get sidetracked.
And he's carrying a huge stick, like a staff.
And the staff is made out of, you guessed it, pure darkness.
I was going to say wood.
Clark nods at him and says, hey, Jermaine.
Too-doo-hock-a-noo! Too-doo-hock-a-noo!
Was it Jermaine? I was looking up which one it was.
It absolutely is Jermaine.
Fuck yeah.
As you start saying too-doo-hock-a-noo, he's like, oh, hey.
Do I roll unnatural for my too-doo-hock-a-noo, or does nothing happen?
You know, we're kind of making it up as we go.
You certainly roll unnatural for your too-doo-hock-a-noo.
This is either narratively great or narratively awful, but it's an 83 on a 63, so I fail.
Wasn't failing an unnatural roll going to be bad?
Yeah.
And it motherfucking is, y'all!
This towering, lumbering beast plotting for it on two legs seems to...
As it realizes that it has been unleashed from the treadmill spell that had been previously put on it,
and it begins, boom, boom, boom, moving faster and faster and closer and closer toward you.
And as it reaches, the ATV is going straight towards it, and the two are about to collide.
Clark is yelling back to the guest, bad idea, bad idea, bad idea!
And he's going to start trying to get toward the building.
Just say it louder.
Rosemary leaps from the back of this all-terrain vehicle and wraps her tendrils around the beast,
creating a sort of saddle on this thing as she rides on the back of his neck
as this gigantic umbropithecus with Rose M-A-R-Y on the back of it leaps from the edge of the cylinder
and lands on the same plane as the five of you.
Oh, fuck.
Jon goes from six to midnight and considers betraying humanity for the first time.
Hell yes.
Fuck me.
I'm on the borderline, leaving my mind at your altar.
Crossing the double line, doing it every time.
Tell me what kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
