Greetings my baby chickens. It's your mother hen wolf the dog
And I'm here to nest upon all of the eggs of contention hatching them into my own personal chicken army
I'm clucking at you live from
694.2 PTBP as always my chickadees
Real quick before we get up and started the boys from pretended to be people wanted me to let you know they are accepting
Questions for a third Q&A
Episode so if you have questions for any of the monsters that make that show tag at pretending pod on Twitter or Instagram
There will also be a post in the subreddit where you can comment your questions or post them on our Facebook page
Fuck you mark fucker burg or email them to pretending pod at gmail.com
Or and seriously y'all should go do this go all out record audio of you asking your questions
And send that so they can use it in the episode much like the second Q&A episode
This one will be for our honorary police officers over on patreon who keep this show alive five bucks a month at a time
Speaking of things my producer forces me to read each week
We got a new howling at wolf for y'all
This week's is from at mad under dash seed who tweeted about the show and tagged at pretending pod
It reads as follows if you're not sure what kind of officer you're dealing with from contention PD
Just check the fit of the pants and listen to pretending to be people for one of the best actual play
Podcast out there love the podcast and wish there was a higher donor tear smiles
Madeline man, I miss seeing those officers in the future
You would think an entity could never truly miss a despicable being such as Keith Vigna and you'd be right
Don't worry Madeline
There may be more questionable content for you to throw even more of your hard-earned money at in the future
Sometimes when looking forward it is important to glance behind and remind your mind that
Mankind is designed inclined and resigned to die
It's time for the news
Last time Ken Krenkelhoff Liz
Longlin and Jeremy Pettymore came across a large frame hanging in the woods
Can realized an old memory was closer to reality than he had hoped but he was able to disable a trap that otherwise
would have put a giant wooden spear through someone's mouth and out the back of the head through the broken canvas in the frame the
three see a cabin in the woods Ken
susceptible to being scared of cliches
Freaked out grabbed the spear and charged toward the cabin and then he disappeared into a pile of leaves
Ash hornbeam was down on hope and hit points
But a man in a black suit with a bolo tie came out of nowhere to interrogate him
After agent Kevin got the information ash had to think quickly in order to not become just another missing person in the woods
Thankfully his quick wit and false reputation was enough to convince agent Kevin to spare him for now
Now this next sentence may sound a bit kooky
But agent Kevin came back with a woman named agent Karen who chanted over a machete and then in one swift motion
Took off ashes arm in the middle of his forearm
Stranger still the wound immediately cauterized and flesh grew to form a nub
They took ash to a black car hidden in thick brush where they are set up to stake out a cabin in the woods
Sharon shadow Berryman somewhere between unaware and
Purposefully oblivious followed Krista Kringlehoff off the path into the darkness and directly into a skip bow trap
Right around the ankle it then became clear that perhaps Krista Kringlehoff isn't quite herself
Judy Kringlehoff having seen the body of the state ranger ed buzz
Woodrow all spineless and shit walked back out into the darkness the rain
The parking lot of the contention woods and then she made a terrible decision
Taking us from here in the warm glow and comfort of Wolf's secret hideout
That is definitely not a trash can to that moment in the shivering wet
Darkness lit only by strikes of lightning in the distance. It's blue false
indigo with
Oh
Time has come
to
Dance beneath a dance beneath the shadow of the moon
a lightning bolt flashes in the distance and it's just enough to light up a
blood-covered
Krista Kringlehoff
Who is walking?
Directly toward you
The raccoon at your side
Shivers something fierce and is like
Right
Tugs at your arm and then just fucking takes off running backwards like back towards no like crab walking. Yeah. No it runs
Like into the parking lot trying to get to the street, okay, but not running back towards the shack hell no
Okay, running as far away from these woods here as possible. Okay, I don't follow him
I state I stay there cuz I'm first of all
Freaking out from the body and I am not sure what to think of my mom. So I I stand there Judy
Judy Judy
That girl that girl that you were with is she is no good
She was not trying to help look for Liz at all
in fact, she she told me she told me that she wanted to just run back to the woods with her and
And and told me to come back out here
I'm so scared for you
Maybe we should go back up to the shack and I'll see if I can find some band-aids in your purse to help fix
You up that is an excellent idea. Thank you so much. Okay, so I guide her back up to the shack
I'm like holding on to her and helping her walk and then as soon as we get to the shack
I want to get her in the shack and close the door you do so
Okay, and then I can't find a lock or anything. So at this point I just close the door and I'm just holding it
Okay, well my mother is inside. Yeah, absolutely and as you're holding the door. Oh
Shit
You feel a pinch on the back of your neck and
when you turn around you see that your
mom's body has crumpled to the ground and
Standing in front of you its metallic arms shoved into the ground and the ceiling and the walls of the shack in
The middle of which is a small one inch in diameter metal sphere
One of these tendrils reaches around
with another tendril it snaps Judy Krenkelhoff's neck forward and
rips out her spine
shoving itself
Into the spinal column and filling it and
You Allie are now playing this entity
Okay in which you remember all of these strange memories
All of these details, but you are an objective based
Entity and your objective is to collect as many
Bodies as possible
So your goal Allie is to get one-on-one with one of the other players and pass off this entity
That way it can collect more bodies. Okay, and you will also know what has recently happened
So, you know that you came to the woods as Judy Krenkelhoff
With shadow and Liz and you know that you were out there to do a spell or a ritual
But that is all the information from Judy Krenkelhoff that you know, everything else will just have to be
hog shit and horse lies
Makes improv easier. I
Told my parents about this podcast. My dad was like, so you just lie quick
It's like yep. He's like you're gonna be good at that
Life
Do we know any of the other words to that song cuz I don't yeah, I think it's a lot of bad
I think it's a lot of bus. What if it was just that the whole time?
Alright, Joe
You're sliding on your back and you can feel the
Mud and sludge is making this slide a bit more
Liquid and thick viscous. However still enough to slide you down and you are sliding for some time
before you land
Eventually in a pit of dirt and pitch blackness. Can I get a sense of how much lateral movement I had
So much lateral movement, so I'm like underground yeah, you might think that with all that lateral movement you've slid
underneath this cabin
That far perfect fuck you are on your back scared out of your gourd because it's spooky time. Everything's a
And you you're scared out of your coconut this Halloween
Oh
Patreon listeners will remember our episode in Hawaii
Coconuts were the gourds of that game. All right, so you feel dirt and rock
Underneath your hands. I want to try and stand up. Can I almost all the way before your head hits a piece of wood? Oh
Shit, it's wood. Can I look up back? What if I had said stone? I know I wasn't sure
Can I look back up the slide? I just came down. Can I see any daylight or I mean moonlight?
There's no daylight or moonlight coming down from where you came from. You know, it kind of would have been cool
If it had been daylight
You can tell it's the Sun making this light it's a different color
Is there any light in this area that I know you are in perfect Vin Diesel darkness?
Did I hang on to my spear on my way through? Oh
Go ahead and roll
dexterity
Okay
Can crinkle Hoff so good at sport? I'm a sport sports boy
32 on a
75 so good at holding on to his giant spear and it is
Horizontal with where you are. It would not be able to stand up as you remember it being longer than you
Can I okay, you know how long you are as a human?
If
I look up I've deduced that I'm maybe under the cabin. Is it floorboards above me?
Is it maybe slats of wood? It's not no because there's no light coming down this I said it was yeah
So therefore there's no slats of wood of you
Can I want to just lightly push and see if it maybe is hopefully a door that I'm under you do not seem to be
under a door
Do you have anything on you that could make a light of any kind
Yeah, he doesn't have a lighter because he's such a good boy. I mean I was out camping
Maybe I have a flashlight on me. Is there a role to determine if I had a flashlight on me? Yeah, absolutely
Let's just roll an up and down 50% look if you roll under you succeed if you roll over you fail
They're rolled over oh, but it's a 69 our house rule makes that a
You
Have whatever light source you want one of those ones that lights it up like daylight
It'll burn the wood. It's so bright. I
Just got a nice big mag light. Yeah, you absolutely do
I flipped that bad boy on when you flip it on you see that you are in the crawl space
But this doesn't seem like a place that is often used
However, you do see what looks like maybe floor supports
However, they are tube like in nature and as you flash the flashlight
Over them you see that they are
translucent tubes that are filled
With this squeamish black ooze that seems to be traveling downward
from above into the ground below
My god Zach, you're the coolest
You also see on the far side away from you there's a door that leads up
I mean, I think Ken would for sure maybe try back the slidey way
Can he get any purchase to get back up the slide that he came down? Oh interesting
I don't think he would want to be going into the house if he could help it. Yeah, that makes sense
Go ahead and give it a go with an
Athletics check are you bringing the spear or no? Yeah, that's not gonna leave my side
Okay, if at all possible go ahead and take a negative 20 on the athletics check
And it's a fail
70 on what would be a 30 you continue to try and try but there's so much
Sludge in this area that it's like the Japanese game show slippery stairs. That's what I was picturing and
You're not green. Dang. Yeah should have bet on blue
Okay, then I am going to
cautiously approach the
Cautiously approach the door and I want to put my ear to it. Do I hear any sounds on the other side?
We'll find out after we
You
Luke
Ashhorn beam walks to this black sedan and this four-wheeler that are out in the middle of these woods in this thick of brush
of trees and
Agent Kevin looks at you. All right
Get on get on in we're staking up this this cabin
I'll tell you more and and he opens up the back door for you ash kind of hesitantly
He looks at the FBI agents and for one moment he thinks about just taking off
It's raining. It's dark, but he doesn't it takes him about three seconds
Which seems like five minutes and he hops into the back of the car and when you hop into the back of this black
Sedan sitting in the back seat on the other side is a man who is quite tall
it's wearing the same black suit white shirt black tie and
he's blonde but his hair is like buzzed and he's in his early 30s and
He looks at you and immediately flashes you a FBI badge and it's like agent Kyle
Nice to meet you ash looks over at him doesn't say anything
Buckles his seat belt and looks straight at the ground or the floor of the car
I suppose agent Karen gets in the shotgun seat and agent Kevin gets in the driver's seat and
Looking at the floorboards you see that there's a bunch of electrical spool wiring
Yeah, we got some we got some pretty cool explosives in the back man. Yeah, I'm gonna blow this thing the fuck up, right?
I'm sorry
It's gonna be tight man. Ash is super cool. Ash looks at him and
He's immediately intrigued
he starts looking at the spool on the floorboard and he's immediately reminded of
The time that him and his father set up
fireworks display for the town for contention and
Ash gets super excited. He looks at the FBI agent opens up his jacket a little bit to reveal
what I called water dynamite sure and then I
show him the other side of my jacket, which is two sticks of actual dynamite and I
wink and finger gun
Well young sir, that's dino might and hopefully we don't die tonight. I
Look back at the floor and I just kind of pick up the piece of the wire
Like look at him and look at the wire. It's like just smile. What's your name young sir? Um, my name's ash hornbeam
And you've always sounded like that
So
As you guys ash hornbeam that's that's more like it my name's I ash hornbeam my name's ash hornbeam I
think I kind of
Really steered into this is the way names of that thick southern Malayas
I was trying to do a port of relaxing
As you're looking out ahead of you you see this cabin that's sitting out in this small clearing and
Outside the cabin you see that there is sack is scrolling on his computer
I'm I'm
Intrigued and worried there seems to be some sort of outdoor building almost like a pod, you know
Like a storage locker kind of unit thing. Yeah
There's one of those and there's also a big yellow excavator sitting outside and you had our pillar
yeah, exactly and
You would also notice that there is a moat that surrounds this cabin
You can't tell how wide it is or how deep it is because you're still pretty far away
But you can see glinting off the surface of this water is the moonlight and that's how you kind of catch that
There's water there and then you see to the left of the cabin
movement outside the moat or yes, yeah about 25 yards out and
You see Liz lonklin is with your two friends
Jeremy Pettymore and Ken Krenkelhoff and they are like
Walking around this kind of thing and then they all stop and they're talking to each other and then Ken picks up this small log
And throws it on the ground and you see this wooden spear seven feet long
Just like flies in their direction and then hits a tree
immediately
Ken
Crabs this giant wooden spear out of the tree and takes off running and as he takes off running
Towards the cabin still like 20 yards away from the moat at this point. He just disappears
He like falls into the ground running away or towards and he falls into the ground and is completely out of sight
Dude I'm trying to describe my
What I looked like just then just I could not Luke look like a possum in headlights
Deer in the headlights, but or just a possum a possum in a flashlight
Kevin looks in the rearview mirror and he's like, oh, do you uh, do you know them and he looks back and he's like
We were looking around this place is just chock full of traps. Well, what is this place?
You know that mad you were talking about? Yeah, I don't know if that's her name or if that's her name now, but
Is she?
She's real. Oh, she's real. I always kind of thought
Kind of just a reason to get us out here, but overall sanity for me
The 99 is good, right? Oh
Yes, yes it is Luke it is very good what does that mean
Well, it means you take max damage, which was gonna be a d4 plus one. So you lose five sanity
I don't get to roll my d4. No, you do not you automatically take maximum
Sanity hit. So what was your sanity at? I was at I think 38. Let me see
37 so I'm down to 32 32 and also we're doing bouts of insanity
For this game here
And so when you lose five or more sanity in a single loss
My breaking point is also 32. Well, then that happens to work out fucking perfectly because you're gonna lose your shit. So
You remember in the old?
Campaigns we ran when you lost five or more sanity. We did fight flight or faint, right?
So did we do that on the podcast or was that not yet? Oh, man
All right
So Luke basically you're given the option fight flight or faint you need to rank them and most likely to least likely
Her ashes reaction for ash fight is number one. Sure
Faint is number two flight is the last one
He doesn't run away from anything unless he has to if you roll one two or three
You're gonna fight if you roll a four or five you're gonna faint and if you roll a six you're gonna flight
Am I rolling a d6 d6 for me?
This is the first time I've used the d6 that Joe gave us. Oh nice and heavy
When did Joe give us these he gave you and I those for Thomas's birthday
Which is that is listener
very indicative of Joe Terry is to give lots of people gifts for
Someone's birthday. He's the nicest person. He just knows that you and I are those kids like the kids birthday party
Why did he get presents? I want something too. If Thomas gets a treat
I want it too. I just had terribly vivid memories of La Croix boy. Oh
Jesus we did
We had fun
Roll that d6 formula
What do you think I got I think you got a six I got a six on your slump the slump in your shoulders
Yeah, I got a six. So I think that's a flight. That is a flight. Damn it
That works out really well for me personally. I'm sure I'd leave the room. Yeah, get the fuck out of here. Okay. Bye. Bye
You
Thomas Lindsay who what that's fair Jeremy Pettymore and Liz lonklin are
Standing in the dark of the woods is and you see working a body of Ken Krenkelhoff
What just fucking disappear into the ground ahead of you and it begins to rain
It's like pouring starts light, but you hear in the distance a storm is coming
Oh shit Liz, it sounds like a storms coming. He's gonna drown in that hole. I need you
I need you both through all sanity. I need it
27 on
75 damn he has good sanity. That's like the one good thing of all these characters
So you will not lose any sanity and you're like, yeah, you fell into a hole. He's just playing. Yeah
A 62 on wait, I'm confused. So you've got current and max. Okay. I think it's a 32
Yes, that would make sense and you rolled far above that. So you're gonna just lose one sanity putting your current at 31 and
Liz is gonna start to freak out a little bit. You're out here. You don't know what part of the woods you're in
You've never seen this cabin before
Ken Krenkelhoff
Prominent player in the stylus Cole K through 12 community just disappeared not only into the ground
But also off of your list of suitable bachelors
Wait, you mean you was considering freshman only one
Jeremy falls into a hole
Of
His own making
Okay, so where we are I'm going and see yeah a little bit
Do you guys want to move toward the cabin or move away from the cabin or I want to move towards the hole
Yeah, we saw okay
So moving up to the hole you would see that he slid into like a pile of leaves
That turned into a mudslide pit
It looks like the top of a slide that's made out of sludge that
Disappears at an angle into the ground and then looking forward you see the cabin
It's far more well lit. Now. The lights are on inside so you can see it from you know, the window lights
I suppose however, you can also see in the moonlight that outside there is a storage container seemingly like a small
rectangular box separate from the cabin itself as well as
Big yellow excavator sitting outside the cabin and about
ten yards away from the cabin encircling it is a moat and
The moonlight is reflecting off of the water of this moat
Both of you roll an alertness check for me. Actually, whoever's got a better alertness will count
50 same I rolled a 31 beautiful
We'll use that as you also notice that there are some fish flopping up out of the water
Strange for a moat size size of fish. Do we get to see them? Yeah, what was the size small mouth?
base
base bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb wow wow, you guys know how
Look in the moat
All right, I'm done all right, so you guys are
In the pale fish light wrong freshman and so you guys
It's a popular 90s how the song goes popular 90s song that I wasn't role-playing
I don't give a fuck. So you see that
What do you guys do does anyone want to take the slide or you're gonna approach the cabin this reminds me of that fish song
Not the band fish, but that song about the fish in the moonlight. I don't know. It's weird. What where did Ken go?
What what's going on? I mean, I've told people before but my buddies didn't believe me
But I've I've seen madge in these woods. Do you believe in old mange? What the hell is madge?
Oh man, just the witch that haunts these woods
And I think she might be the witch playing tricks on us tonight. Does she live in that house?
There's only one way to find out let's go
Approaching the moat you see that it is about five feet across to the other side. It's absurdly large moat for
a cabin in the woods
It's useful. Is there is the shed or any other thing on the other side of the moat?
Everything is inside the moat. You want to try to throw me across?
I like that you went to me throwing you and not you throw me throw me Liz Liz is so much smaller boy
Wait, we do we still have the other guy with him? No, he fell down the mud hole. No the other she lost sanity. Oh
Yeah, we were supposed to be finding him but good fucking look
Did you completely forget about your dog man, listen the way Zach is running this we're going in and out of this room
It's been a while. Yeah, we got rusty here
Can we throw rusty rusty
Why don't you make a human rusty is easily six foot three and I want him to make a human bridge
Across this river. Yes do it. I'm gonna throw so I'm gonna scatter some smokies like on the other side
And I like kind of like demonstrate with motions like what I want him to do to share the Smokies hold his feet
Make sure he doesn't jump and yeah pretty much
That's that's actually what I'll just do
I'll just like I'll toss some Smokies to the other like sure and I'll hold his feet as he leaps across for them
Okay, good idea Liz
Thanks, I
That happens and we eagerly run across his back
Which is Kevin, okay
Eagerly run across his back to a witch's cabin is a little too long for the episode title, but it's
It's close. So I need you whoever has the worst dexterity to roll dexterity. Probably me
I have 25 50. Yeah, Liz lonklin makes it across
Very easily. Oh shit. You better make it. I didn't 63. I
step on his balls
Rusty has his ankles on one shore being held by Jeremy petty more and he reaches out for the
tiny meat fingers on the other side of the moat and he
Grasps onto the ground on the other side and as soon as he makes that bridge connection
you know like when two grandmas become friends Liz lonklin just
Rushes across the body and rusty and Jeremy
following shortly after all people play bridge this is toe stuck right in the crotch of all rusty and
You know when you stub your toe on a taint
Everyone knows that sensation and so you fall and you hit rusty and you both fall into the moat
Well, I didn't put any points to swim
But I did put points into survival. So I'm gonna use my survival instincts to remember how to swim
What's your survival at 50 go ahead and roll on a 30
Really negative 20
21 that is a success. I that is a success
Can't wrinkle off no fuck sorry, Jeremy petty more just like
Hazardly throws his arms about thrashing in this fish filled water
Oh
Wait, I'm fine. I'm sorry and he crawls still think I'm cool on to the other side rolling my eyes a wet mess
Hi Liz
Rusty crawls out on the other side away from you on the other side. Yeah, do you run away?
He looks at Jeremy petty more and holds out his hand
for more flesh pencils
Okay, I like I drop a couple on this side of the river but I move on
Okay, as soon as you turn around and move on you hear him snacking behind you. He's cleared
Jumping over this five-foot wide moat and he is with okay
I want to leave Smokies like a like a little just a little trail the whole way I go
All right, and you guys are approaching this cabin where I so you've got two buildings and a giant excavator
One of the buildings is much smaller and is the size of like a small storage pod that you see sometimes in people's
driveways like before or after a move and
Then you have the cabin which has a front porch and a single door window on either side of the door
Can we choose to look in the window before pursuing?
Absolutely. All right, go ahead and roll stealth for me
Jeremy petty more. What are you doing? I'm
Edging my way towards the storage unit, okay
I rolled an 85 so you stumble up the
Stairs to the front porch of this cabin and like slam your hands down on the wooden porch
And then you walk up and you stick your head up in the window and looking inside
You see a lot of equipment that you have never seen in your entire life before this is not a home
this is a lab and
You see there are I'm having flashbacks to the OA
Translucent tubes. That's your fucking sock. I
Was just waiting for him to say that I
We're not talking about the OA. Okay, at the end they stop a school shooting with their
All right, the worst episode of television
You can just cut this watch the whole thing
First season. All right. Did you know?
Okay, moving on not after the first season. I
Heard it was good, but I can't imagine now. That's true
There's the edit point
Looking inside all of this equipment is completely outside your grasp. However, you see these
translucent tubes that are running all over the place up the walls along the ceiling and
Then they're going down into the floorboard
underneath and they are all filled with a
squeamish black
Viscous goo that is making its way below the cabin around on the other sides
You see a desk littered with papers so many papers strewn about there's like a cork board with a bunch of more papers
Thumb tacked up to it and you see in the corner of the room. There is a
large wooden trunk
Jeremy petty more you are edging
Go on your way make you wait for it. Yeah, you think so and
You don't come across the storage yet
But you you make your way over to the storage, you know
Okay, there's a daily Jeremy petty more wants to know if our actions in the past can affect the future you're in your present
I know so everything you do affects the future. Mm-hmm. What would you like to do Jeremy petty more?
I'd like to try to get into the storage shed. All right, Lindsay. I'm gonna have you leave the room. All right
You
Jeremy petty more you open up the door to this
small
Rectangular room as you do so a light comes on inside
It's dimly lit
But as you walk in or poke your head in
You see one side is a closet full of outfits on the other side of the room
You
Lined up hanging up against the wall
Are the bodies of?
roughly 15 people
they are all hanging on hooks from a hole in the back of their neck and
The way they are slumped makes you think that none of them have a spinal cord
Jeremy anymore turns to the door and he screams
Oh
Roll sanity
Yeah, then that was a great reaction
You
Lindsay I think you probably heard from the kitchen Thomas scream
And you see Jeremy petty more fucking book it out of this small external room
You're up on the porch, what do you do I run run towards the guy that helped us over the moat
He's just like on the ground eating smokies. You gotta toss some smokies. Fuck. I call them
I'm gonna like push him down and cross him over the bridge, but also leave some smokies behind me. So he doesn't totally hit us
But like I am in panic mode. I am fucking bolting. I am making my rusty bridge
I'm not even gonna worry about what's behind me. I'm just running for my life
I need both of you to roll an alertness or survival
Whichever one is higher for you. I passed both 30 on a 50 for both of those
56 on a 50 56 on a 50. All right, this will basically be
Lethality rule so
Oh
The two of you take off running you throw down rusty across the moat you make it to the other side you leave some
micro rusty run
Micro pains on the other side and as you dip into the woods Liz you hear a click underneath your foot
Can I immediately stop sure without pulling my foot up? Yeah, absolutely
And before you can let the breath out
a
giant metal claw
Swings down from the branch on the tree above you and takes your head clean off as blood begins
Burt out of the body above you and blood is literally showering like Vegas water feature style
out of the space in between your shoulders and
You fall to your knees like shooting a guy in the dick and double-oh-seven you like hit your knees and then you hit your
shoulders on the ground
Jeremy petty more roll a sanity check Jeremy petty more doesn't see any of Jeremy petty more didn't see
Okay, actually roll alertness and see if you saw it you can do either one he's fine
He sees it he knows that he's the survivor and he keeps going
He got a 29
He's like well that was the cool older punk girl had a crush on but better her than me
Oh
That the time has come
To dance beneath a dance beneath the shadow of the moon
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
She moves, she moves, she moves
With the howling wind
The sun, the sun, the sun
Has come again, come again
Her eyes, her eyes
Have seen it all
The wonders of, the wonders of
The shadow of the moon
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
