What's up my babies, what's down, what's all around, what can never drown, it is me,
a wolf the dog of course, and I'm here taking up all kinds of space on 694.2 PTBP, the greatest
damn radio station that ever was.
I've got an announcement here that comes straight from my producer, later today, following
the release of this show.
The second Patreon exclusive bonus episode drops for all of our honorary police officers.
The whole cast, even some guy named Justin, got together and played an absurdly delightful
game of Everyone is John.
You can hear that, as well as our first bonus episode, another Q&A session, by following
the link to our Patreon in the show notes, or going to patreon.com slash pretending pod,
and becoming an honorary police officer by pledging $5 a month to keep the show alive.
You know what keeps ol' Wolfie alive?
It's that real shit, that good good, it's the fatherfuckin' news y'all.
It has come to my attention that the boys from Contention are sitting pretty in the
city, though not without tension.
Rosemary convinced John Lee Pettymore IV that Marvin Glass would help them out in exchange
for the strange gun-like invention they found in the possession of Tildy B. Mitchell immediately
prior to her disappearance.
Rosemary and Marvin Glass clearly had other intentions, leaving our idiot cop heroes in
a sort of cage match to tension playfully referred to as the Juice Box.
I'm not really confident on everything that happened next, but I will mention the deaths
of all three cops from Contention.
In a lucky ascension, the boys rose from necrotic dimensions, leaving my mind and belief in
suspension, and now they are all in attendance at the funeral of Ari Manstein, the trusty
co-worker whose name kept changing.
The officers' incomprehension must have led to some apprehension as they never once looked
into the reasoning behind the faulty memories.
But of course, you already knew all that, and if you did not, no condescension, there
is a lot going on, almost too much full retention.
But my mind is inclined to find that which will remind you to bump and grind and unwind.
It's Kudzu, baby, with no bat-o.
Got wind blow, hammer of the gods, guide us ships to new lands, how we come to tides
of war, Valhalla we are calling.
I'm coming.
Valhalla, I'm coming.
Guys, it's been a really long time since we've all been in this room to record this podcast
together.
It has, actually.
We've done individual sessions, but this is the first time we've all been in here, besides
the Q&As, to play.
I had forgotten about that.
I'm excited.
Me, too.
Oh, hey, so here's a freebie Q&A.
Somebody on the subreddit had asked why it took us six months between recording sessions,
and he asked, did we think the podcast wouldn't work out?
And that's not the case.
It's just that we had recorded so much before we started that that's how long it took us
to get to releasing an episode weekly and playing again.
It also took me a solid year to convince myself that I was ready for the technical
challenge of editing a audio show every week, as I've never done that before.
You were well up to the task, but it was a risk to record six months' worth of a podcast
before we got any listener feedback.
That's true.
Yeah.
Yep, yep, yep.
Ballsy.
To the wallsy.
Ballsy to the wallsy.
We still got it.
Yeah, baby.
That's what we do.
Oh, thank God.
Luke, you're not still on one of the old mics, are you?
I don't think so, no.
No, he's on the new one.
Do I sound normal now?
Shout a little bit.
Hey, you sound good.
Cool, thank you.
You sound hot.
Oh, baby.
ASL, Luke.
Twenty-five, male, Springfield, Missouri.
Not interested.
Asked and answered.
Twenty-five.
All right, so.
Baby.
Baby.
Oh, boy.
Baby, Luke.
Baby, Luke.
Oh, no.
Wait, okay, here, out of all of us, you're the baby Luke, who's the daddy Luke, who's
the mommy Luke, who's the grandpa Luke?
I think Joe is the daddy Luke.
It's so obvious, yeah.
Thomas is grandpa Luke and I'm mommy Luke.
That sounds right.
I can drive with that.
I definitely thought you were daddy Luke, but-
I love doing a podcast with my family.
So welcome to this podcast.
You're in the shit.
You are in Zach's.
Welcome, yeah.
Part of his room.
Welcome to the twisted world of Zach Reeves.
Doxed.
All right, so.
The three of you are in a cemetery in the city, along with many other funeral attendees.
Wait, no, I didn't go there.
I can't wait for the crawfish.
All the seats are basically full.
There's still some people standing around in the back.
You don't recognize anyone in attendance from contention.
Other than Jan Manstein, Ari's mother, she's just popping in and out of everywhere, talking
to everyone, shaking hands, kissing babies, doing the whole thing.
And eventually everyone kind of settles down and she takes her place at the podium next
to the coffin with the crawfish boil in front of it.
And the smell wafts through the cemetery with the pungency that seafood carries.
And she begins.
Oh guys, thank you so much for coming.
You know, I think that I'm really glad that everyone is able to make it out.
Glad's maybe not the right word, but I'm happy.
I'm not happy, but this is, it's just good to see everyone.
And thank you for coming to Ari's funeral.
She was taken too soon from us in the fire that claimed the lives of many here in the
city.
And we are here to celebrate her life, really mourn her loss, but also celebrate her life
but also mourn her loss.
And really just, we're here to talk about Ari.
And one person who doesn't get to talk about Ari very often, really come into the public
often, I haven't seen him very much recently, but my ex-husband, Stan Manstein, he's here
and he's going to say a few words.
So thank you.
And I guess the service will begin, or maybe it already began, but it's happening now.
And as she takes her seat, you see movement from the mausoleums, the tombs that are behind
the coffin area, there's some movement there.
And a man walks out and he is wearing all white, he is dressed in all white shirt and
pants, and his hands are behind his back.
Following him are three men wearing all black tactical combat gear.
One has a scar running under his chin across his neck, another has a Glasgow smile, and
the third has a scar straight down the middle of his face.
And they all look eerily similar and they're all tall and overweight.
What was the first one again?
He's got a scar running under his chin across his neck.
The three men stand behind Stan Manstein as he takes his place at the podium.
And Stan has extremely long, unkempt hair.
It's matted and tangled, and his beard is similarly pretty gross, actually.
He's got a real Charlie Manson vibe going on, and he's got a weathered leather face.
There's a small microphone on the podium, and he pokes it with his finger and you hear
a woom, woom, woom, woom.
What?
Nope.
Why were his hands behind his back did you say?
I think that's just how he was walking.
Gotcha, they weren't shackled.
Nope.
Gotcha.
And Stan Manstein begins to speak.
And as he begins to speak this full nonsense, you hear, through the noise, him speaking
English to you.
And time slows to the pace of molasses.
And inside all your heads, you hear.
My daughter was kind, hardworking, and good every time.
She was those things when she was a police officer.
She was those things when she was a school teacher.
She was those things when she was a historian.
You see, one long time ago, when this land was stolen and pioneer towns began to form,
Silas Cole was a miner in the mine that employed the town nearby of contention.
Now we're going to do this in a round-by-round basis.
And that was Stan Manstein's first round.
Oh my god.
So are we in combat with Stan Manstein?
So technically, we're going to play this out in the combat rounds, however, you're willing
to do, you're more than, you know, welcome.
We're free to do?
You're welcome to do whatever you want.
Are you willing to do whatever you want?
I don't know.
So I would like to know what the dexterity is for Jon and for Keith.
65 for Jon.
60.
Okay.
So we are going to begin with Clark Bishop.
I want to survey the crowd.
You said time was slowing for me.
Does it look like the crowd is slowed around me?
Yes.
Good question.
Are any of them reacting in any way other than being still?
No.
I want to make my way toward the front.
Am I moving at normal speed?
You are.
Nice.
How are them guards looking?
Stoic.
I'm making my way toward the front.
Making my way up front.
Now for the reasons that listeners know and that some in the room don't, Thomas is going
to let me know on paper what he is up to.
Yeah.
So, Thomas, you're up.
I don't have to write down what I do for this round because I just observe.
I'm ready, but I'm just keeping an eye on everything.
All right.
Keith?
I stay seated, but I reach into my pocket and have my hand on my gun.
Okay.
While down in the mines, Silas Cole came upon an odd black substance and he became obsessed
with studying it.
The substance was invisible to others, but not to Cole.
Exploiting the substance's wrong qualities, he became an inventor and made so much money
off of his inventions that he bought the mine.
He built an office on the top floor of the tall, skinny mining company building that
sat right above the mine itself.
He began to harvest the residue and acquired a much firmer grasp on its tendencies.
He invented wild, magical things.
Each new invention brought him wealth and power, but also released more of this inky
substance into the town.
Joe, what does Clark do?
I'm walking up the middle of the aisle.
Yeah.
And I want to get to the edge of the chairs.
And in the diagram, I'm to the center left of the podium.
Yeah.
And I'm going to let him keep talking.
Thomas?
Okay, well, I will write this one down.
Thomas has requested that I let the audience know here that John Lee Pettymore begins slowly
making his way toward the front along the right side of the map, which can be seen on
our Instagram and Twitter pages found at PretendingPod.
I see Bishop coming up and I look over and make eye contact with him, but I don't say
anything.
Are you, are you sitting?
I'm in the seat right in the middle aisle.
So I'm like standing next to you?
You're standing right next to me.
I put my hand on his, on Keith's shoulder.
I look up at him and kind of nod and then, Keith, what's up?
Is it bubble gum?
Bubble gum tree.
Bubble gum tree.
Bubble gum tree.
I feel a little more at ease knowing that you just asked me that.
So in the, in the fiction of the rounds that we're doing here, uh, he, Manstein would still
be talking while we're talking, but we, we're, we're synced in time.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's super cool.
I kind of squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze your shoulder, Keith, I'm glad you're
with us.
I am too.
We can talk about this later, but I've been, it's been an interesting day.
If anything happens, you know, I still got your back and I would hope you'd have mine.
I do.
And I, I scratched my head and you can see a scar going down from my finger, down my
arm to my elbow.
I'm not like showing it to you, but you, you see it.
I notice it.
Yeah.
Do you think we should let him keep telling this story?
I'm interested in what he's saying.
He just mentioned the black goo.
I am too, but I don't know if the public needs to know what he's about to say.
I gesture around us.
I don't know if they, I don't know if they know.
I just look back up at Manstein and to divert his raising paranoia, he began looking for
a partner.
He found a similarly intelligent engineer and his wife, Mary Cole, who could also see
the substance they began calling residue, but Silas Cole was scared of their inventions.
He became paranoid that other people could see the residue that was loose all over the
town.
Consumed, he believed the town was plotting against him, so he began kidnapping people
he suspected knew too much.
Clark, you're up.
Good, good fucking work, Zach, on making this so fucking hard.
This is tight.
Clark, Clark does nothing.
Clark is going to keep listening.
Okay.
John Lee Pettymore continues moving forward along the right side that you can see along
the map on our Instagram page and our Twitter page.
It was made by Justin based off of a terrible drawing that I made.
Keith, what do you do?
I look over at Bishop again.
We're both soaking in the information that we're learning from Manstein, and when you
look over at me, looking a little closer, you see another giant scar on my forehead
going down on my face.
Are they fresh looking or are they healed looking?
Probably pretty fresh.
Probably pretty fresh, yeah.
Okay.
Would Joe recognize these scars from anybody he's seen before?
Are they similar?
Joe, go ahead and have Clark roll an intelligence for me, or I guess Joe is the one who rolls
intelligence for me.
Joe rolls four-clack.
I'll do it on behalf of Clark.
That's a fail.
Sixty-seven on a fifty-five.
Okay.
It doesn't remind you of anything.
You're just mostly shocked that not only is he alive, but these scars also might explain
his aliveness.
And Keith, you are staring at Clark.
He is staring at you.
You're very near each other, right next to each other in fact.
I'm just kind of shaking my head like almost mouth agape, just like, the fuck?
And that's what I do.
Okay.
At this point in time, you notice that the three men who are dressed in all black begin
slowly converging on Stan Manstein, but they are moving at the pace of a high viscosity
liquid.
Got it.
They're moving slow.
They're moving slowly, but they are clearly moving toward Stan.
The town was suspicious of the disappearances, but most of the ones gone were bad people.
The whole saloon staff, the bartender, Miss Kitty, the piano player, there was a few gamblers,
the town drunk, so they kept their heads down and went about their business.
But then some good people disappeared, a professor, a circuit judge, a rancher, a homesteader,
the homesteader's wife, then the preacher disappeared.
The town freaked out and they hired a roaming cowboy named Cornelius Beams to kill their
weird paranoid figurehead.
Awesome.
Clark, it's your turn.
I'm drawing my weapon and shooting at Stan.
Roll firearms.
That's a pass, a 43 on an 80.
All right.
Go ahead and roll 1d10 for damage.
A 5.
You pull out your gun in the middle of a funeral.
I mean, it's not a normal funeral, sure.
The smell of crawfish fills the air and time is slow and this man is speaking to you in
your head in this odd spell-like cadence.
You pull out your firearm and you shoot at Stan Manstein and you hit him directly in
the chest.
Time immediately picks back up.
Thomas.
You all would see Kevin from behind the stage firing from behind the stage into the back
of one of those guys converging on Stan right now.
Go ahead and roll firearms.
89.
That's a miss.
You want to describe it?
Yeah.
I totally missed the first guy, but I accidentally hit the next guy in the head and he drops
the ground deck.
Damn it, I say.
You let him, Zach.
It's canon.
Let's say the one with the scar on his neck.
I want to see how this plays out.
I can see in Zach's head, he's like, do I let him do this?
I like it so much, but it's not what happened.
It's not what the dice say, and 89 is pretty bad.
Keith Vigna, Clark Bishop, you both see Kevin, the security guard who you saw for the first
time at the bar in the Marvin Glass cage fighting den emporium.
We got real close.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I believe he killed you.
I think so.
He fires and misses into this crowd.
Keith, it is your turn.
Oh, and also at this point in time, the audience freaks out and people all stand up and begin
screaming and panicking.
Yeah.
Once, I mean this boom, boom, I pull my gun out and aim for one of the security officers
as well.
Are you just aiming this round or are you going to fire?
I'm firing.
All right.
Go ahead and roll that firearms check.
That's a three.
Nice.
Ooh, roll a, are you firing, you're firing with your small.
Powerful gun.
Rolled 2D10 for damage on that small powerful gun.
15.
15.
Oh, shoot.
Wait, what?
2D10.
A six and a nine.
A six and a nine.
Oh, congratulations.
Oh.
So you fire into one of the guards wearing the all black and you fire into him and he
goes down.
You don't know that he's dead, but he definitely goes down.
On the ground.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You knock him right on his back.
Keith, the guard that you shot hits the ground and immediately you all hear three gunshots
echo out from around you.
You don't know quite where they came from, but you see the body that is on the ground
flops three times and then lays completely flat and it looks like someone finished off
this guy in all black completely dead, just offed him.
It is the turn of the other two in all black.
The first one turns around and tries to grapple Kevin who is behind him and I'm going to need
you to roll unarmed combat for me, Thomas.
Okay.
Haha.
25 out of 40.
Okay.
You get the better end of him.
So as he comes running toward you, what do you do with his weight?
He is like six and a half, seven feet tall and quite wide and you can do with him what
you want.
Okay.
So he goes out to dinner and...
Haha.
Lucky?
You got a lot of man headed your way.
No, I get down low and lean into him with my shoulder, like my left shoulder and just
kind of flip him over my back.
And is it my turn or is that just a reaction?
No, it's just a reaction.
The other one actually is running toward you as well and rolled a 100.
Okay.
Nice.
He trips over his own dick.
Haha.
Ow.
So what actually...
Haha.
That's payback for the cage.
What does he do?
He rolls a 100.
Yeah, he rolls a 100 and as he runs out, he holds one of his arms out toward you like
you saw the giant robot man in the house of James the mill worker.
As it begins to fly off, it actually flies cattywampus and goes behind him, wrapping
around his legs and he falls and hits the ground and he is currently like hogtied basically
by his own trip wires.
I say eat shit, Inspector Gadget.
Let's go put him on the train tracks.
Stan Manstein is recovering from the shot to his chest and he begins to try to muster
the strength to go on, but for at least this round, he is unable.
Clark, it is your turn.
So one guy is hogtied on the ground, what's the other guy doing?
We got one dead on the ground, one hogtied on the ground and one that John has just flipped
over his shoulder.
I'm taking another shot at Stan.
Go ahead and roll firearms for me.
We might need Stan.
64 on an 80.
I pass.
All right.
Roll 1d10.
10.
I fucking knew you were going to 10.
I saw 0.
I'm like hell yeah.
I was like oh.
That's going to be enough to drop him fully, fully to the ground.
So when you fire into him, he steps backward with the weight of the bullets ripping through
his skin and as he falls backward, you see blood begin to pour out of the holes that
you have put in him and he is lying on the ground.
It is John's turn.
I'm just going to shoot the guy who's on the ground.
Yeah.
He's right there.
You get a plus 20 on your shot right now.
On the hogtied?
Not the hogtied one.
The one who I flipped over my shoulder.
So straight up, just two in the chest, one in the head, like I just try to end him.
Roll it for me, daddy.
Oh, 78 on a 60.
As you move your gun into position to fire on him, he freaks out and flexes and he moves
your arm out of the way and you fire into the ground right next to his head.
Are you 60 natural?
Because he gave you a plus 20, which would make you pass.
Oh, yeah.
I pass.
Oh, good looking out.
Hell yeah, Joe.
He's the best at it.
I forgot about the 20 you gave me as soon as I started talking.
So as you are firing into the ground, you get enough strength back in your arm.
The momentum of the gun firing carries my aim right into his heart.
Immediately into his head and heart multiple times.
And batting number two, this man, this large, large man who you just took to the ground
is also dead.
It is now Keith's turn.
I run over to Manstein and I want to apply first aid.
Okay.
Go ahead and roll first aid for me.
Got a 53 and a 60.
All right.
Roll a D4 for me.
Just for me.
That is a four.
Nice.
All right.
Describe what you do.
I go stick my fingers in his bullet holes.
Not really.
No.
Plug them up.
Yeah, sure.
He rolled a four.
It works.
In the city, that's what first aid is.
As you dig your fingers into his bullet holes, you see his eyes just light up and almost
as if he has taken adrenaline into his bloodstream.
The pain from me doing that is definitely waking him up.
It's enough to open those eyes right on up.
And with that being done, he looks up at you and he is about to speak when you hear three
more gunshots fire.
I know.
Woo.
And actually- I don't like when you say woo.
Yeah.
All right, so Thomas, John feels a just fire in his back as a couple of bullets graze through
and hit right above his ribs going through his back, and you lose five hit points.
Uh-oh.
Spaghetti-o's.
Okay.
There is one remaining man in black and he is very upset with the situation at hand.
Which scar does he have?
Oh, he's got this scar that's going straight down his face.
This is the one that is all the way-
It's not the Glasgow.
Which one was the Glasgow smile again?
Glasgow smile is the one that you just killed.
Hell yeah.
For sure.
Yeah, fuck that guy.
Is it a Glasgow?
It's a Glasgow smile.
The Willhelm scream.
Glasgow smile, it's the scars coming out from the mouth.
Isn't it something else though?
I think actually Glasgow smile is not a politically correct way of saying it.
What I mean is isn't the scars coming out from the mouth a different town smile?
Oh.
I'm going to Google it.
It's not.
Yeah, I'm sure you're right.
You want to know how I got these scars?
Was it Glasgow?
Yeah, okay.
Let's just take that part off the podcast, please.
Thomas being wrong on the podcast.
Leave it in, baby.
Wait, wait.
We're not friends if you leave it in.
The guy who would wrap the tripwire around his own legs who fell on the ground, he actually
pulls out a firearm from his spot laying on the ground and he fires it Clark Bishop.
Doing eight damage.
Holy shit.
So he hits you in the chest and one of the arms and maybe the leg as well and you begin
bleeding quite profusely and quickly.
What hit points are you at now?
18.
All right.
And then Stan looks up into the eyes of Keith Vigna and you guys all begin to hear time
slow down and you hear the screams of the people.
The pace of molasses.
The screams of the people who are in the funeral not 30 seconds ago as they're making their
way back to the parking lot at an absurd rate.
But not anymore.
All right.
No longer absurd.
Oh, also very absurd just in the opposite way.
Yeah, absurdly slow now they're running.
It's so dangerous.
Why are you running so slow?
You hear his voice in your head say,
Silas and Mary Cole were never seen again.
Neither was Cornelius Beans.
That was the history of contention when my daughter's name was Mia or Leah or Micah or
Ben but her name is Ari forever now and our history is different.
Mine is now definite.
And with that the body of Stan Manstein seems to in one swift instant turn inside out and
blip out of existence.
Oh, man.
What happens to my fingers?
That time, Dick.
I need all three of you to roll sanity.
Seven.
Sane as fuck.
Oh, shit.
I'm going insane.
I failed.
I failed too.
A 62 on a 21.
And what's your power?
60.
Do we all have a mechanic left?
I'm at 15 sanity.
I rolled a 23.
My power is 50.
All right.
Clark and Keith both lose one sanity.
I'm at 20.
I am now at 14.
I pop up blind to the pain of the bullets that have ripped through my body and I am
charging at the guy who had his legs hogtied on the ground.
I'm rushing him and doing whatever I can to kill him.
All right.
Do you want to?
I would like to fire my weapon into his face as I near.
Go ahead and roll firearms there.
I pass a 20 on an 80.
All right.
And roll a D10 for me.
A seven.
With him being already on the ground fully hogtied and you sprinting toward him, I think
it's perfectly acceptable for you to end this man's life on this turn if you want to describe
that.
It's legal, baby.
You guys would see rage over my face as I bum rush this guy and I'm firing as I'm
running.
And even as I come to a stop over his body, I just keep firing into his head, maybe screaming.
And as you're firing into this head, you hear this like, and like all of these wires
are flying and all these sparks are flying around.
And this man's, I mean, not a man, it's like an android head just kind of like peels
open to all the bullets that are flying through it.
Something has exploded in it from the inside almost the way it peels out in every single
direction of skin and viscera and metal and wires.
And you look down satisfied.
We're going to exit round combat.
What if I want to fire on the civilians running away?
I had a final move, sort of.
It's pretty minor.
Can I clarify, maybe I just missed this, the bullets that went through the back of John
Lee Pettymore, were they from the guy on the ground?
I thought we had an unknown assailant still shooting at us.
They did not come from the guy on the ground.
But we're not in combat.
That is correct.
Okay, cool.
I'm glad I clarified.
I dig it.
I think my question is related to that.
John Lee Pettymore looks up to the top of the mausoleum where Rosemary was perched
earlier, and he sees absolutely nothing.
Okay, so, yeah.
So we're no longer in combat.
What do we see when we look around?
First off, the sun is a little bit higher in the sky now.
The fog has slightly dissipated in this cemetery.
The smell of crawfish is still potent as ever.
The people who are attending this funeral are gone.
The only bodies standing around are Clark Bishop, Keith Vigna, Kevin, and the corpses
of these large men who are half robot, half human.
I want to go over to the casket and see if Ari is actually in there.
Ari is actually in there.
Okay.
Clark regains some composure and whips around on Kevin and holds him at gunpoint.
Hey, who are you?
As you do this, I walk up next to Kevin and stand there.
Like on his side?
Yeah.
Oh, I don't lower the gun.
Keith, what are you doing?
I have my hands down at my side.
I'm just listening.
I look at you.
Kevin looks at you.
He says, bubblegum tree.
How do you know that word?
How do you know that word?
Why are you wearing an old contention PD uniform?
Who are you?
I'm Clark Bishop.
Why are you alive?
I don't, Keith, I don't know.
Keith, why are you alive?
I kind of know why Keith's alive.
Actually, I do know why you're alive.
I'm a little bit.
Maybe you could tell me then because I don't know.
Well, it's a little complicated.
Real quick, bubblegum tree?
Bubblegum tree.
Bubblegum tree.
What's Keith doing with his weapons?
My gun's back in my pocket.
Everybody bubblegum tree and let's put our guns down.
Is that all right?
I stare them down a little longer than you probably want,
but I do start to.
You can see I'm moving my guns down.
I start to put them down.
Okay, I holster my gun.
I holster mine.
I put mine in my pocket that is way too big for me.
Yeah, we could tell you were authentic, Keith.
Also, you guys would have noticed that I am no longer
wearing my contention PD uniform.
I'm wearing a way too small orange polo and three times
too big teal frat boy pants and Sperry's.
Nice.
I was apprised of that.
What are Sperry's?
Like butt shoes?
Gotcha.
I actually, yeah, I knew that as well.
Yeah, so I.
It was very in character as far as I was concerned.
My very tiny, powerful gun slips right into these huge.
Right into your Sperry's.
Right into my big, big old pocket.
All right.
Now that we've all bubble gum treed,
let's talk about what's happened to us in the preceding 12 hours.
Clark is still really side-eyeing you.
He's right in front of you.
Yeah, he's.
And I turn.
He's turned his head.
So he's side-eyeing you.
I can't even look at you.
But yeah, I am side-eyeing you as I talk to Keith.
Keith, do you know this guy?
Well.
Do you remember who he is?
We saw him.
He killed me.
Clark goes back for his gun.
But I owe his organization my life.
His organization?
The Glass family.
Clark, can I talk to you without Keith?
Actually, I go over to the crawfish pot.
I just pull Clark aside if he'll let Kevin do that.
I gesture like, hey man.
Yeah, if you gestured, I would cautiously go.
Hey, Clark.
Hey man, bubble gum tree, bubble gum tree.
Can't wait to talk for a minute.
Yeah.
How do you know that word?
Well, because I was John Lee Pettymore.
Listen.
What does that mean?
Right?
Yeah.
So I found out that John Lee Pettymore is more of a state of mind than just a single
individual.
Clark.
Wow, man.
This is going to be hard to explain.
Basically, my daddy, whom I thought was slain by the DEA on his weed farm, turns out he
was just lobotomized and he's been Marvin Glass's head of security for a while now.
And when I died, turns out I wasn't John Lee Pettymore.
I was some kind of alien squid being or something.
But I sucked out of my brain and I left my body and I went into his.
Clark is slack-jawed.
Squid?
Squid something?
What was that?
Or mechanical.
I don't really know.
All I know is I felt myself leave John's body and insert myself into my daddy's body.
And now I'm him.
You believe me, right?
Clark doesn't.
Ask me something only John Lee Pettymore would know.
So Joe was just going through his notebook to try to find a good thing like that.
Oh, I know.
Okay.
Me and John.
We got called out and we were in a suburban neighborhood.
Yeah.
And something terrible happened.
Can you tell me what the terrible thing that happened with the vacuum?
Yeah.
Those kids, they got hit by the goo.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then we didn't tell nobody about it.
John, what the fuck?
And I hugged you in front of me.
Watch my scars.
Watch my scars.
Thomas, roll alertness for me real quick.
68 on a 60.
Nothing seems out of the ordinary.
Damn it.
I told this all to a false Clark.
If I passed the role, I would have known.
He hugged a little harder than Clark Bishop ever would.
As I'm hugging, I'll call you John now, the Kevin body.
I kind of whisper in your ear as I'm hugging you.
Maggie's alive.
That can't be.
John, I just spent the afternoon with, with, with her.
Chief's alive.
I'm fucking working for her now, man.
She knows about this stuff.
Hey man, here's an ocean.
I think the chief died, but I think there's other us's.
Do you know what I saw?
I saw your body broken on the ground, shattered, but an old you, an old Clark came by and was
whispering some shit over that body.
These two weird brothers kind of distracted me from investigating further, but there was
another you running around contention.
I remember that.
Is this the same Maggie?
You know, it's Maggie.
Is it our Maggie?
I mean, I thought so.
She, she knew me.
We talked about her and me.
I wink and I say, I know you, but I'm not John.
And I draw my gun.
I'm just kidding.
Oh shit.
Wait.
So you saw me, you saw me dead because I'm not dead.
Now you were as dead as Bob.
Oh, I lift up.
I lift up my shirt and show you what's beneath and you see a hole through my chest, essentially
where my heart should be.
You can see through it.
It says if I had a piercing there, like the skin is all healed around it.
It's like a tunnel through my, through my body.
How big is the diameter?
Oh, fist.
Yeah.
I stick my fist through there.
I did that too, John.
It feels weird.
John.
I don't, I don't have a heart.
Well, that was your one weakness beforehand.
My weakness was I didn't have a daddy, but now I am a daddy.
So I think we're just getting stronger.
John.
I'm happy for you.
I think.
Yeah.
I mean, my back is sore.
I'm older.
My knees kind of hurt.
My penis is not as big, but it's not broken.
So it's kind of a good trade off up until a few minutes ago when I got shot three times,
I felt like a million bucks.
Oh yeah.
I got shot too.
As you guys show your bullet wounds to each other that are just bleeding with no mechanical
disadvantage for you, apparently.
Isn't that nice?
John.
I mean, I don't know why I'm alive, but I woke up with my own heart in a bag and I ran
into Maggie and John, I got to tell you, I'm, I'm working for some people now.
They call themselves the circle of knowledge.
Uh, Clark says it like that cause he feels like it's a mysterious thing.
John rolls his eyes.
Kevin.
Sorry.
Kevin rolls his eyes.
I think we can call you John.
You're technically John Lee Pettymore.
Uh, Maggie's part of them and so it was her dad and we went to a, well guess where they
are?
The mill.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
What was going on with the foot meat?
We didn't get to that.
That's a good one.
Although maybe.
Well, Maggie, does she have a foot?
Did Maggie have a foot?
You didn't notice her not having a foot.
Okay.
Uh, she, as far as I remember, she had both of them feets.
That, that seems like a thing you would have observed.
So I trust you.
Wait, hold on.
That was too Batman.
Let's see how I trust you.
Good.
You need, you need both feet and nobody wants a feet getting it.
I said it two times.
Am I going to say it again?
Getting it.
Getting it.
Do you remember and see Keith Vigna just eating some of the crawfish that's in the
boil in front of the coffin?
I just figured.
Yeah, that sounds right.
I also have some things that I should probably tell both of you.
Yeah.
I was going to say, do you, wait, okay, hang on.
How was I pointed Keith?
How's he alive?
Okay.
You remember Charlie?
Uh, Charlie was Rosemary's partner.
Charles Donovan.
Charles.
Yeah.
Donovan.
Yeah.
Me and this forum, we all have some body modifications that help us.
Well, Rosemary wasn't sure she could die.
She was kind of freaked out that Charles died.
She told me that today, but Keith has the same scars.
What all of us have.
I don't know if we have arm rockets like that robot.
Let me check it out.
I try to shoot her my hand.
It's that scene where Tobey Maguire is like, go web, go.
It's been a long time.
He shoots the web, right?
All right.
Not in that one.
Stand back.
And I just hold my arm out and nothing happens.
Nevermind.
Oh, so we don't seem to have, we don't, we're not inspector gadgets, but it seems like we
have some combat, some body modifications.
What make us stronger?
So that's cool.
But anyway, I saw some, some figures with funny shaped sides, dragging Keith off Marvin
Glass said that we turned them into the new Charles.
So they made them a murder machine.
I think of some variety of my variety of Rosemary's variety, but not of the robot variety.
So you, you don't have, are you, you have metal in you, John, are you medley?
I try to shoot my hand again.
I'm really like straining.
No, unfortunately I don't think so.
However, when you, when you look at some of the wounds that you have taken, there is some
metal underneath your skin in some places.
Hold on.
What about this tink?
It actually looks like there's some metal.
I see it.
Perhaps some you're shiny.
Perhaps some mechanized self-healing.
I'm not sure.
It looks like a, uh, almost like a, like a, like a dermal layer.
That's all metallic.
That's cool.
If you're okay with it, that's a, I know that I'm on board with you.
That's awesome.
Thanks to tell you.
Let's talk to that's Brent.
That's rope Keith in on this and regarding Marvin glasses, ultimate emissions.
I'll tell you what Maggie wants.
I've been waiting since December, 2017 to learn that Clark and John walk over to Keith,
who is at the crawfish station.
I am shoving my, I'm peeling crawfish.
I'm hurting my hands cause they're still in the, like whoever was running this crawfish
boil is long gone.
So I'm, there's no utensils or anything.
So I'm just like quickly dipping my hand into the boiling crawfish water and grabbing crawfish
and just slamming them into my mouth.
It's our key.
That's Keith.
It's him.
Yeah.
The proof is there.
Guys, maybe, I mean bubble gum tree, but now I'm going to say crawfish boil.
Anyway.
Yeah.
So I've, I've got just shit all over my face.
I've been really, I've got, I'm like, no, I've got just crawfish, you know, like shell
on my face and just spices and everything.
Cause I mean, you guys were talking over there for a minute, so I was just going to town
on this.
My, my, also my fingers are like, they're very red.
I'm going to take one hit point of, of damage.
I'm going to do that for the sake of the, what does that put your hit points at?
I'm zero.
I am currently at 25 out of 25, so I'm just for the sake of that bit, I'm taking one.
All right.
That's going to end like six months.
We're going to be like, you motherfucker, it's going to come back to bite you so hard.
Oh fuck.
Yeah.
So my fingers hurt, but I am pleased with this crawfish boil.
Yeah.
To Keith and I look at you and I'm just peeling a crawfish open and Keith, do you, do you
know who, who, who this is?
And I gestured to the guy standing there with us.
I mean, I give an awkward smile in a way of Kevin.
That's Marvin's body.
Oh, okay.
I walk up to Keith and I get right by his ear and I whisper in his ear.
I'm like, I know what you did to my Smokies.
Now, now do you know Keith?
And I punch him in the gut.
I spit out the crawfish that's in my mouth.
When you said bubblegum tree, I thought maybe John Lee Pettymore had told you to say that,
but only John knows about the Smokies.
I get back up from you punching me in the gut and I look at you and I give you a hug.
So did I.
And I look at Clark and I look over at John Lee Pettymore and just a big, big smile comes
across my face.
I'm like, boys, we did it.
Listen boys, it's not quite over yet.
I learned a little bit.
Marvin Glass.
This is all some business play to him.
He wants to demolish contention so we can have a land.
At least it's what I extrapolated from what I heard, but we're not done yet boys.
We got to save the town.
John, it might be even bigger than the town.
Hey, uh, hey Keith, Maggie, she's, she's still alive.
No, I saw her dead with my own two eyes.
I saw you dead with my own two eyes, Keith.
I saw you both dead with my own two eyes.
Also now I'm in another body.
Somebody else's eyes.
Well, boys, we have been through some of the weirdest shit ever, so you know, I believe
it.
What's she doing?
What's she into?
Well, how's she?
She showed me things.
Maggie did?
Our babies.
Slap.
No.
You got some Kevin still left in you.
She showed me this, as I'm describing this to you guys, uh, any kind of a joviality about
running into you guys again, a freaked out in this and anything like that is washing
away from my face and it's mortal terror as I describe.
She showed me a creature I'd never, it wasn't boys, it's a, we got it.
We got to stop it.
It's a, I can't just, I can't describe it.
I start to, I start to cry a little bit.
It, it wants, it wants this.
It wants, I don't, I put my, I put my hand on Clark's shoulder, squeeze it kind of too
hard and I'm like, just tell us what you saw.
I take two steps back from the group.
It's a Maggie works for a group.
I, I work for a group now.
It's their only mission is to make it make what I saw not be a thing and boy, if you'd
got seen it too, you would have, you would have jumped.
You would have jumped when they said jump.
And that's what I've been doing.
That's what I'm doing now.
She told me I had to kill him.
So I, I came up here out, I shot him as soon as I saw him.
They told you to kill Stan.
She said it would, it would make sure that fucked me over Clark.
Maggie told Maggie told me that, uh, killing Stan would help help make that thing not be
a thing.
So I did.
Do you trust Maggie?
I trust her with my life always have, but after what she showed me, I just know that
she's on the good side, at least as far as making sure that thing isn't, isn't allowed
to do whatever the hell it wanted.
Well, I'm going to tell both of you guys, you might need to be watching my back cause
the glass family is going to be very angry at me.
I don't know that they wouldn't have killed him, but they needed to talk to him.
Yeah.
And the reason I'm still alive is because of the glass family.
They're going to be gunning for me.
I think what, what I was, I was tasked Marvin glass rebuilt me.
I died.
The only reason I'm here right now, when I'm looking at him physically, do I see any metal
when I'm telling you this, I ding on my head and you just hear metal.
It was creepy though.
We actually heard metal.
I point between you and uh, Kevin, John, KJ, he's got metal to Keith.
I mean, we're not invulnerable, but we're less vulnerable.
I think, I think there's metal things.
Pretty cool.
I told him I've got a gnarled old voice now.
I'm like Sam Elliott and roadhouse.
I'm me-o.
Did, did you not get a sexier upgrade?
I just, I hold my left hand up like this and I kind of do a fake fake gun in the air and
I'm like, I got a pretty sexy upgrade.
I'll tell you about that later.
Are you a gun hand?
Nope.
A gun of sorts, but we'll get to that later.
What sorts?
You're being shut up.
You're being mysterious.
I was supposed to bring Manstein back to Marvin glass and that would absolve me from any debt
to him for rebuilding me.
So I'm on your guys's side, but we might have some trouble coming after us.
I've, I've got two things to say.
The first, I'm not sure who saw me in this recent kerfuffle.
I don't know if anybody knows who I was shooting at, but I might be able to.
Are you okay?
By the way, what I mean is if, if we make me less okay, one of you like shoots me in
the leg or something, I might be able to go back and infiltrate the glass organization.
I'm not sure how much Rosemary saw.
I mean, Keith, I talked to Maggie.
I asked her if I could bring you guys into the fold and she says she would trust me.
And if I trusted her and that if I thought you guys could handle it, she's offered to
put me up in the middle.
She says she could protect me.
Keith can't handle it.
I told her she, she, she asked if I thought you guys could handle it and I said, you'd
seen the same things I had.
Well, what I told Marvin Glass leaving his compound was that I would bring Stan back
to him for questioning.
Now that that is not an option, I became a cop for a reason.
I want to do good by people.
And if you think that is the option that is good, I fully want to join you.
I'm just warning you, we're going to have some real bad people after us.
With or without you, Glass is going to be after us.
That doesn't put any more burden on our shoulders, I don't think.
Well then let me come with you.
Yeah.
Hey, come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Let's go kill Marvin Glass.
Whatever the fold is, I want to be brought into it if you think it's good.
Marvin Glass is after you.
Marvin Glass is going to be after all of us.
Our duty is to stop him.
We've been a team for so long, why stop being a team now?
Teamwork make the dream work.
What if the real contention police department was the friends we made along the way?
I wrote that.
That is amazing.
So I always liked you, Clark.
You're so smart.
Well, I guess here's what I'll tell you is that Maggie, she told me that this was my
mission for today and that after I completed it, I could kind of do what I needed to for
a while.
She actually told me to get my affairs in order and contention so that I could move
up to the mill with them.
So I got some time.
I could touch base with her.
Are you planning on going back to contention?
Because guys, I haven't told you this yet.
I had tens of missed calls from Drew and a voicemail that basically said, get as far
away from contention as you can.
Well, I'll tell you my tentative plan was to get back to my place and grab all the guns
and things that we confiscated from my garage and I was going to just move shop up to the
mill.
Get objects and whatnot.
Get everything back in the place.
We had the camera in the car.
It's not in there anymore.
I don't know where the gun is.
We had the camera in the car?
Yeah.
I brought it with me cause I thought maybe around, you know, I think one o'clock it might
be working, but it's not in there anymore.
Did we have the gun in the car?
Yeah, we did.
And the gun's gone too.
It's not in there anymore.
Well, the gun we know who has it.
We brought it up to the meeting, so it's whoever was in that room.
Right?
Yeah.
That's right.
But the camera, it's not in there anymore.
Right.
We might need to run back to the police station and your house to get all this stuff, but
I'm really fingers crossed hoping that at least the helmet and the jukebox is still
there.
The radio.
The radio.
I've got an ocean and you just see, um, Kevin Lee, Patty Moore, he puts his, he puts his
hands to his head and his eyes just kind of go white.
Oh shit.
John.
John.
John.
How am I the only one trying to fool Oh, how can you have my hand
How can you have enough drowning out All I know is there's no more to go
