Introductions are bound to confound.
Using wet sounds to turn frowns upside down.
It is me, Wolf the Dog, DJ Extraordinaire.
Hoppin' on the sound waves, leavin' my soul exposed bare.
Radio show is 694.2 PTBP.
And now, excuse me for I have to go pee-pee.
The- the- the end.
I hope y'all enjoyed that poem that I composed.
I spent almost as much time as I do on the show notes with that one.
And speaking of show notes, someone done went and sent a note to the show.
This Howlin' with Wolf is from Zach from the show that comes on after this.
He sent in this message and said it's some sort of contest drawing announcement of winners.
I guess he finally got around to tagging at Pretending Pod on his personal Instagram story.
Wow, get a load of this fuckin' guy, huh?
Alright, here he is, I- I guess.
What's up, I'm Zach. Thanks for that incredible introduction, Mr. Wolf the Dog.
And right you are, I'm here to announce the winners of the drawing slash contest.
And, first off...
Mwahahahahaha!
The season's fan art contest slash drawing had some buckwild entries in all sorts of different mediums.
We were- we were all completely blown away by all of your creativity and your talent.
So, each and every one of you, thank you so much for entering.
This is so incredible.
Now, let's get to the winners of merch stuff.
We're gonna start with the drawing, which is random.
So, I'm pulling these names out of a digital hat, and the first winner is...
Storm Clouds.
Storm Clouds, you are the first winner.
And the second winner is...
GrimlinDude420.
So, big ol' congrats to Storm Clouds and GrimlinDude420 for your luck and your sweet, sweet victory.
You each get one merch thing.
And now, for the contest portion of the drawing slash contest.
We've got a little surprise for ya.
There were just too many- there were too many jaw-dropping entries this time.
Like, a bunch of wildly weird and cool shit.
So, we're gonna name a couple runners-up.
And you'll both also get one merch thing.
So, in no particular order, the runners-up are...
Antique__Resident__124 for a piece of physical art titled Play Ball, which they made out of clay.
It's like a hand that reaches out for a ball that's in a squeamish situation, and it is fantastic.
Go check it out if you haven't seen it yet.
And the other runner-up is...
Oxum__Live for a cross-stitch that we actually requested in episode 49 at 17 minutes and 50 seconds in or so.
I don't- didn't remember it, went back and listened to it.
The Pettymore family cross-stitch portrays Jeremy Pettymore on a riding lawnmower and a drunk Don D. Pettymore tied to a tree.
And it says, mow the lawn and tie up Don.
Fucking aces and really well done both of you.
Thank you so much for entering.
You each get one thing.
And now...
Is that good?
That drum roll on the mic?
Do you like that?
The winner of the contest.
The winner of three merch things.
It's...
SlideWhistle, who did a discombobulating illustration of a psychedelically holy cow.
And the whole gang from our Holy Cow Farm short story.
Jimmy Corrigan, Shelly St. Blythe, Vincente Bowery, and Meat Hook.
So go check it out if you haven't seen it.
SlideWhistle, truly top-notch work.
Thank you so much and huge shout out to everyone.
All of our winners, all the folks who submitted entries.
That's right, I'm talking to you.
Ziggy Elinasto, ItWasAllASnowGrow, Brie the Banshee, Dismal Underscore Dependent7515,
Demir 2019, Nestria, Surplus Turtles, God's Gift Card to Women, Jars of Olivers,
DJ Intslut, Chewing Brie, Super5ish, Choco Underscore Crayon, Turkey Ham, Soren Ash,
Pretending Underscore Cyrus, and UiguiGoodness.
And of course, once again to our winners, Stormclouds, GremlinDude420,
Antique Underscore Resident Underscore, 124, and Oxum Underscore Live,
as well as our grand finale contest winner, SlideWhistle.
Thank you to everyone.
Now, back to you, Wolf.
I love you.
Wow, I sure do enjoy the nice things that Zach said to and about me.
Thank you, Zach, for whatever it is you do around here.
I'm sure it's important.
Are you caught up to this episode, but you're not yet getting that sweet exclusive,
Sklussy for short, b-b-b-b-b-b-bonus content
to satiate your earhole needs in between fresh episode drops?
Before you respond, keep in mind that I can see the numbers,
and the numbers just keep going up.
We recently dropped the two-part finale of the seven-part campaign
that Thomas wrote, ran, and entitled The Lost Treasure of John Lee Pettymore,
and then their Patreon numbers shot up with folks aching
to listen to this wild continuation of the story of contention
after the events of season one.
Now, you probably already know it's only five bucks
to gain clearance to the RSS feed we call Contention Confidential,
where you can listen to that Oops All Pettymore's campaign,
along with grease loads more bonus episodes for your cochlear pleasures.
That's at patreon.com slash pretending pod.
And if you'd rather just click something,
that link in the other links are in the show notes.
Now, how about some more boring facts and figures?
It's the news.
Last time, waffles were had at the home of Cal Colorado
before the canned crew made their way downtown to the hole
in the bridge that crosses the city river.
In a nearby alley, they met Kurt, aka Daddy,
who busted out one of those fancy new air-to-underwater drones
and flew that sucker right on through the unguarded,
unnaturally smooth hole.
And then he plunged it into the city river below.
The aquatic drone dove down into and through a tugboat,
which was, and also still is,
partially stuck in an enormous cartoon hole in the riverbed.
And when the drone went through the tugboat and came out the other side,
it flew into an old-timey school gymnasium
with a bloody throne under one of the basketball hoops
and a small humanoid creature with round ears atop its head,
wearing a blood-soaked school uniform.
And that thing skittered on all fours towards the drone camera,
which nimbly dodged the grab.
But then Cal knocked the shit out of Kurt,
kicked in the screen on the drone remote,
and punted it to the metaphorical and very real curb,
taking us now to whatever's next.
It's Alter Girl with My Life is Great and It's All My Fault.
Cause my life is great and it's all my fault.
I'll let you braid their hair if that's what you're into.
I am gonna think probably of the three movies,
it's gonna be maybe the best one.
The best one.
For sure the best one.
The three movies, you mean Oppenheimer, Barbie, and Wonka?
Yeah.
The trilogy.
Reserved my seats for Barbie today.
Wonka and barber.
Wow, they really got you, huh?
I'm gonna wait until it's not the night it comes out and then go see it at the IMAX.
Oh nice.
Oh wait, are we recording?
Sure.
Beep.
Are we?
Yeah.
Action.
Do it though.
I am.
The light didn't come on, you didn't go like click.
We should get it on air.
We need it on air.
We should get it on air.
Why not?
Cause we're not on air.
We're on tape baby and it's not even that anymore.
Direct to digital.
That just doesn't have it.
Ron Zach's laptop.
Direct to digital is even worse in some circles.
Are we recording?
Yeah.
Luke, how was Taylor Swift?
Yeah.
It was so fucking good dude.
Tell us about your era's experience.
Well, I went and-
So far so good.
Got there.
Whoa.
And I sat down and then Muna played and they were pretty good.
Gracie Abrams played and I had never heard her music but she's pretty good.
And then the real show started.
And it went on for three hours and 50 minutes.
Jesus Christ.
Three hours and 50 minutes?
Just shy of four hours long.
Oh my god.
With two openers.
Oh my god.
No, just Taylor's set was-
Right.
When did it start?
The openers played maybe 20 minutes at eight o'clock and was done by basically midnight.
Wow.
It was fucking amazing dude.
So the day that I went was the day she released her Speak Now re-release.
Don't speak.
She like played-
I know just what you're thinking.
That's my favorite one.
Played extra songs from that.
I don't know.
Because on her re-release record she does like from the vault song.
So basically B-sides that didn't make it on the record.
So she premiered a music video for one of those songs that hadn't been shown before.
That had Taylor Lautner and Chloe King I think is her name.
An actress in it.
And then she showed it and she's like, what'd you guys think?
And everybody screams.
And she's like, well in a normal film premiere they have the actors there.
And then brought out everybody in it.
And then Taylor Lautner comes out and does like a backflip on the stage and shit.
Attaboy.
And they like talk for a little bit.
And dude all the fucking music was so good dude.
It was-
Hell yeah.
At like two hours in I was like, damn my feet hurt.
And as I watch her like fucking dancing around on stage.
For the Nth night in a row.
Do you know if she's doing four hours a night every night?
I think ours was slightly longer by maybe 10 or 15 minutes.
Wow.
That's still a wildly long set.
That's crazy.
Yeah dude it's nuts.
I mean cause it's like songs from every single album that she has.
Would you say like every era?
Every era dude.
But the last tour she did was four albums ago.
Oh wow.
Oh I don't think I realized that.
Yeah COVID happened.
She released two albums like in the height of COVID.
One right before that she didn't get to tour on.
And then one just recently.
This is her first tour since COVID?
Yeah.
Wow.
Shit okay.
So usually the times I've seen her in the past it's like here's the album that I just
came out with.
We'll play all the songs on it.
And then you know a few of the hits.
So this time it was like the hits from every single album.
And then most of the songs on the new album.
It was fucking nuts.
So a good $200,000 well spent?
Yeah.
No I at work I sat at work on Ticketmaster for about six hours.
Do you want to include that in the pod for?
I was doing it right next to my boss who was also on Ticketmaster for about six hours trying
to get tickets.
So we got them day of so I paid I mean they were like 300 something dollars but I didn't
pay.
I mean people were paying like thousands for it.
That sounds reasonable.
For what it was yeah.
For about a hundred less than a hundred bucks an hour.
For a four hour stadium show.
Wow.
Exactly.
That's not that at all.
And my seats were fucking good and dude it was just nuts.
Like I'll show you guys like some videos I took later but like.
He's talking to you audience.
Yeah I'll share them on in the discord.
But dude the whole setup like the stage and everything was just nuts.
Like the whole stage was also video.
Oh come on.
Yeah and so dude at one point like the stage turns into water and she like finishes a song
and just you can't even like see it but the stage like barely opens up and she just dives
into the stage and then like it's a like a video of her like swimming under the stage
all the way.
And then like she pops up and like plays another song.
It was.
Do you think she runs or is she jumping down to a little area where there's like a little
go kart that takes her to the next spot?
No dude.
She hits the segue.
It's like assistance next to her with like little fans and some bottled water.
Dude the choreography of all of it though to like hit all of that like exactly when
they need to and like running from I mean the stage was as basically as long as Arrowheads
Field is like.
Like as big as this room?
Almost.
It's huge.
But dude it was it was fun as shit and it was great.
I had a great time and she sang all the songs that I wanted to hear.
Do you feel like she had fun though?
I looked it up and she is taking like this is not what each show makes but what she's
taking home from each show is around four to five million dollars.
So it doesn't matter if she's having fun.
I would assume probably a little bit but you know even if it's work it's a pretty good
job.
Yeah last thing that was cool she had a guitar on her original Speak.
What?
She had a guitar on her Speak Now tour that's been in like the Music Hall of Fame.
I read about this.
And they like took it out and she played it for that show.
Somebody say it's like when Captain America goes to get his shield from the museum.
My dad today was like do you like Taylor Swift?
I was like yeah I'm not like a huge fan or anything but I like some of her songs.
He's like I think I do too.
Like I just all of a sudden been hearing a lot about her like all these videos keep popping
up on my like reels.
And he like then he got into some pretty like weird drama about her.
Like reels drama?
Yeah.
I'm imagining your dad commenting like not that good.
I saw a tweet today it was like something like that and then somebody just said dinosaur
junior better.
It was like man she wrote this song about a breakup like 15 years ago and she was she
really blamed the woman.
I wonder if when she re-releases it she might write it to be like a little chiller.
And then the very next video is like then I watched a video where these guys laughed
about the women's soccer team playing the men's soccer team and like pointed to why
that's like why they make less money and stuff.
Do you think that was like a right wing thing?
I was like yeah dad it was.
And it was like I'll send it to you so you can see it was literally fucking The Daily
Wire.
Yeah.
And I was like yeah you got sent right into the algorithm.
Straight into it.
Straight there.
Just back out.
Maybe stop watching all these little reels.
They do have the targeting down pretty well.
Not that your dad is like that but he is in the demographic for.
Oh yeah.
Easily flipped.
Light and old.
Not easily but just the kind that watches maybe all day so you could eventually weasel
your way in there.
I've heard that it's all old people do now.
My mom's watching reels.
My dad's watching reels.
Reels is specifically Facebook is that right?
Yeah.
Instagram.
Meta properties.
Gotcha gotcha.
Which I just joined the third wing of.
That sounds like some Hitler shit.
I didn't say I just joined the third Reich of Meta.
It sounds like you joined Meta's like Zucker Youth.
It's Threads.
It basically is.
Oh the third one.
That's what you meant.
Okay.
Yeah.
I mean like there's three of them.
Luke works in marketing so I thought he joined some Meta like secret society.
No.
There's Facebook, Instagram and now there's Threads.
Professional organization.
So I joined the third one.
I joined the third wing of Meta.
You know?
If it's between Musk and Zuck I'll kill myself.
Yeah.
Exactly.
People are like rooting for Zuck because Musk has been so annoying but they forget how Zuck
got where he is.
They didn't personally destabilize with democracy but like deliberately stood by while it happened
because it made him a lot of money.
He smiled weird too.
Like globally.
On that note dude I'm stoked to see DJT back up on stage debating.
You know?
Oh man I.
You been watching the reels?
When you said on that note I was like nice Luke's gonna turn us into playing the game.
That's the game.
I just looked at my notes to get ready and didn't even really catch what you said.
On that note.
Where we at?
We're beating Kurt up.
We all lost our goddamn minds.
Yeah.
Cal kicked Kurt's ass.
And his drone controller.
And broke his drone and threw some money at him for that.
And then if he stuck around for the post credit scene the very last thing that happened is
Cal sniffed the bag with the goo.
Do we need to leave?
The wax.
And he screams I'm gonna smell god goddamnit.
Don't sniff his ear wax finger.
That grosses me out.
His eyes went together.
He's coming.
Oh a Kimbo.
Yeah Cal really wants to do anything he has to to induce the sight of god from this.
Man.
I don't know what does Cal do to induce the sight of god?
It's a big world.
What are you gonna do?
Yeah I don't know I think he rubs his face in it real hard and he's just got this gross
black smudge on his nose.
Julius is like seeing it happen and like nudging.
Dude.
Dude.
Cal what are you doing?
I don't fucking know and he throws the bag on the ground and he just kind of storms off.
Are you alright?
Are you feeling anything?
He's walking away.
He took like a massive dose dude.
Oh shit.
Stevie reaches down and looks at the bag and they're like.
I think he like got some of it like on him maybe we should be careful with this I don't
know.
He stopped working like maybe it's been out in the air too long.
Sniff it.
They hold it up to their nose and look at you kind of.
Is this going to be the first time that all three of us have to leave the room so you
can talk to yourself?
Okay Stevie.
Here's what happens.
No this actually has already happened.
Stevie you remember while they're holding the bag up to their nose that you've seen
this before and they do kind of the same thing where their eyes go blank for just like a
quarter of a second and then.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
What did you see?
It still works.
And they.
You saw how the steel works?
Start shuddering.
Slowly.
Stevie you've got to talk to us maybe that will help.
Just tell us like.
Free associate right now.
Just tell us all the things that came to mind.
I saw Fred.
I saw Fred.
I saw Fred stacking bodies.
Just stacking bodies one after another and they weren't real.
They weren't real.
They weren't real.
They weren't real.
They weren't human.
They weren't.
I wasn't real.
I wasn't real.
Stevie.
Stevie.
Kyle's come back and he's like put a hand on their shoulder and he's trying to calm
them down.
Stevie just.
I told you that he's not a good guy.
I told you.
Okay.
Okay.
They are like sweating.
Like you can see just like sweat just like pouring down their face and it's it's coming
down past their hair in front of their face and they use their hair to kind of wipe away
some of the tears and the sweat.
Beck whips out a bandana.
He's always got one.
Hands it to them.
Thanks Beck.
Thanks.
Hey Stevie.
You like grew up around those animal human hybrid things like did you recognize where
that drone was?
Oh those are new man.
Those are fucking new and those are from after we locked down.
Okay.
He got Sandro on his side I guess he figured out how to change something he learned how
to do.
Yeah Fred.
He learned how to do something with Sandro and he I mean he taught me a little bit right.
The thing that I showed you and they kind of pull like a flask almost out of their pocket
kind of flash it at you and put it back in their pocket and you saw earlier when they
were spilling blood outside of the Mercedes.
That's what they were using just spilled the blood around.
He taught me a little bit of how to manipulate people and the world but he must have figured
out something even bigger because I mean that something happened and I mean Godels Gorge
like it like changed it like there's something there was a shimmer about it and that's when
people started showing up and animals of all sorts and the you know the in-betweeners
and that.
The in-betweeners is that the is that what we just saw?
Yeah yeah I think so I hadn't seen anything like that that world that you asked about
that that place I don't know I don't I don't know I guess that's where they came from but
like we saw them when we were going across back across to leave Grover's Gorge across
I mean those things were there and they they came from the church they were alive though
but like that's I think that's where he was stacking the you said you saw the bodies right
I think that's where I just saw those bodies I saw the bodies with the blood moat and the
train over the blood tracks and on why does this guy have so many bodies I think it's
because they're appearing in Godels Gorge and so he was using them to fill up the moat
Jesus get it together see can I back up real fast you said that Fred got Sandro on his
side wasn't Sandro a turtle yeah but you know God did he communicate with the turtle yeah
was it with the turtle or the thing inside the turtle I mean it was the thing inside
the turtle is the thing that's inside Greg so what did Sandra think about that I'm just
trying to lighten the mood Sandra was a prisoner I think where was that thing before it was
in Sandro Frank put it in Sandro or like maybe the mayor before Sandro I mean obviously there's
something to do with the mayor right like who was the mayor before Sandro it's in your
notes you're the only one who saw his grave oh I fell on top of his grave that's right
I think you mentioned something he had a name it's so much has happened since then he's
buried behind a fox's house Greg did I make Fox up no that's the name that I think Fred
like made him have after he changed him well it was behind his house but it doesn't matter
I wonder if hmm I wish you wouldn't have let your brother go Wow me too but also like I had
to why did you have to he's my brother like not not anymore really yeah I know I get it
I get it what if we got the mayor to go into like a little worm or something now he's like
out there right we gotta find him before we can do anything if we paint a hole on the side of the
wall like Wile E. Coyote and he just smacks his fucking dome against it don't do you think he's
drawn to the holes or is he making them I think he's thinking he's making them but you know I
don't spitball it here I mean it's yeah I mean do you have a better solution than a giant hole
because I'd like to hear it everybody roll alertness at a negative 20 fail you're caught
up in this conversation pass fail but even while caught up in this conversation Julius you notice
that daddy is collecting the broken drone screen like monitor out of the trash that Cal kicked it
into and putting it back into his bowling bag hey daddy I'm sorry I don't daddy recoils when you
call out to him did that thing did that thing not freak you out course it freaked me out made me feel
all sorts of bad things did it make you want to punch yourself cuz that's what made me feel like
doing to you I don't want I don't want to be a part of any more okay you don't have to be throws
the memory stick and leave your broken drone here his eyes get really big and he takes off running
after him boys dexterity Cal fails you want on a 45 Beck fails 97 on a 50 I got a 19 on a 70 I got
a 30 on this guy can't do that dextrous probably like a 40 Julius why does he get away as everyone
falls behind the two of you are sprinting off taking around corners and running around the
streets of downtown you've left Cal Colorado and Beck Wilder in the dust it takes a while but as
soon as Julius starts to feel you know that heat you get from running as soon as he starts to feel
that he just it's like his body almost goes limp and he just kind of loses balance and falls to
the ground don't worry Cal Julius is after him he's got those thighs he's gonna catch him no
problem I probably will but let's let's swing around in the Mercedes and and cut him off we
gotta go all the way back to your place for it what we came here in the van whatever get the
fucking car from quite a distance you just hear do this guys I I can't do it you're like you're
looking back you're looking back at where he came from but then the the can van pulls up right next
to you Julius kind of like crawls over to it and like I help you in kind of just yeah throws
himself into the back way to go dude you're totally noodled what's going on does anyone have
navigation Julius tries to point where he went but it's just kind of his arm kind of hops 10% I'll
give Stevie a 30 if somebody wants to roll for them that's a critical failure in 88 you're going
right for the hole they spot a little bit of drone down the distance and they plug in his home
address on their phone and Cal slaps it out the window oh and as it we don't need that newfangled
technology to catch a creep and you both see it as it lands just lands on one corner and you see
it just kind of like pops in the screen shatters off of the side of it and it just falls into a
few different pieces as the canned van continues to drive and Stevie's like what do I we're off the
grid now Stevie everybody throw your phones out the window do we have to Julius does not throw
cows cows like driving like a madman he's not really it's not really paying attention to those
demands okay but doesn't back I want you to find anything in this man made after I don't know 1996
okay get it at the fuck out of here Julius quickly thinks about what Yuri was born and then
yeah dude okay no problem and he throws one mic cable out the window Oh Stevie all right
oh I just I'm gonna miss that mic cable I need to piss okay
it'll do where were we not we rent we are going the wrong way we got in the van to try to chase
down daddy daddy daddy are we just kind of aimlessly driving at this point or where are we
going haven't we met him at his house as Cal dry do that once am I going fucking insane here
I think maybe a little bit you did just attack him out of nowhere seemingly that was wild do
you want to speak on that drone brought the thing to us um you know is it so is it so crazy to be
afraid of that fucking thing Cali John was it the drone was in that play that that that thing the
drone was gonna lead that thing right to us it went through the hole that thing could come through
the hole to Cal I never realized that you like had to get rid of an accent to be on TV it was
really coming out there I don't know what you're talking about good with me where is it Julie is
Cal driving yeah yeah in the rearview mirror yeah it's a POV shot from Julius's perspective and he's
like huh so what are we doing what's well you know I was thinking like every time we sniff the bag
we're seeing the bodies we're seeing the church and then we flew the drone down into a hole and
we saw the animal with the last time we saw the animal guys was by the church going with this
Julius I'm thinking maybe we got to get back to the gorge and back to that church and maybe I saw
some tracks maybe take that train Julius we we can't do shit there he saw we need to come back
with the fucking Air Force what does X say about all this I mean that's we need to fucking new
Godel's Gorge okay if Godel's Gorge is out for now I guess the only other person who's experienced
that I mean we could go talk to Kaylee silver the doctor was talking about climbing into stomachs
that seems I mean if it's not related that would be weird we were definitely gonna do that was that
supposed to be today or well there was also tentatively a meeting with Brock Hargrave but
we all kind of came to the conclusion that he's probably not with us anymore yes we need to try
to make it though just in case I mean should we should we just maybe just be there just in case
maybe if somebody's monitoring his communications we could get the drop on them I mean we could go
and wait for like 15 minutes and then scope it out then go talk to Kaylee go talk to Kaylee after
that yeah yeah I mean I think we could all use a drink it is it is I'm gonna say we were supposed
to meet him at noon though right yes it's 11 a.m. on Thursday July 7th we can just scope it out
until like 1215 and then if he's not there then yeah that's let's do that and on the way when we
get there and we're parked I gotta I gotta show you guys something why did it sound like like
you're gonna show us your penis oh no that's weird yeah I didn't think that for like everybody's
thinking everybody's thinking this why do you guys all want to see it I don't you brought it
up no you guys you guys heard it though yeah cuz you said it cuz you wanted to hear it I
won't speak in riddles with you Beckett let's uh let's just get to the foundry yeah everybody
shut the fuck up turn off your phones we're listening to the goddamn blues brothers rubber
biscuits are planned we see the overhead shot of the map of the city as the can van little cut out
goes along the red line and goes over to the warehouse district where the train tracks lie
and parking lot sits across from the foundry we pull into a spot and I say all right guys come
back here and we've got like the one a little meeting station Steve you might want to look
away for this yeah I mean I still don't think it's his penis thanks TV it's right it's right
there yeah we know where everyone's private parts know in the words you gotta read between the lines
TV okay Beck let's let's get it over with alright so last night I was falling asleep
and I was looking through our old footage right check this out and I pull up you guys are watching
the footage and it's toward the end of our escapade on that bridge I'm saying I'll say
you guys remember we were trying to escape and there were those like animal creature dudes right
they were chasing us yeah but there was that one who was like a leopard like straight up just a
leopard yeah it was full-on like and it was like coming at us but like it slipped and it was gonna
fall off you remember that yeah check this out and I show that just that scene and I play it
and you guys are watching and you don't really notice anything and I play it again you don't
really notice anything and I say check this out and I crank up the volume and I rewind and play
it again and you hear oh shit and I turn it back I played again here oh shit turn it back and play
it again oh shit it's a fucking talking fucking leopard what the fuck I mean do you think they
eventually just turn into an animal from like what we saw the kids I'm looking at Stevie kind
of pointedly you caught him in between ers right so you're saying the animals that showed up could
talk some of them yeah Sandro was one of them no he was just a turtle Julius has freaked the fuck
out around a long time since before like the thing started showing you don't want to throw
your dangerous God thing in a in a sentient leopard man true you want to throw it in a
and you said we do you don't know where they they showed up from where they came from where
they invited no it was just after the yeah after the lockdown like they started appearing like
just in loops where'd they put him loops did they let him run around just like bloop through
like a hole of existence I guess say that again they just bloop through a hole of existence I
guess oh oh shit Stevie where did those holes come from fuck are you saying that we got like
drone ourselves down into a hole to get there cows stops the vehicle slams on the brakes and
says Julius don't ever say those words around me again we just any of them drone and drone ourselves
okay drone ourselves into a hole I guess I'm like we got a swim into that hole that's how
my grandma would have done it the smile and the glint in Cal's eye she looks off into the distance
which is still just in the back of the can van can you clarify the lockdown thing yeah like
kovat no like um when my dad when Fred took over from Frank he um he put Godel's Gorge on the walk
down before that it was like you know pretty free to like open to the public come and go and yeah
where are we going the foundry we're here let's get out we are out and what and we just watched
his video I think we watched that in yeah we were in the back okay I thought you meant yeah remember
he was gonna show us his penis but that still hasn't happened yet but yeah so and then we did
the animals the whole thing I gotta show you one more thing no back nobody we don't want to see
your penis or you know regardless of whether or not we want to see your penis it's not professional
not the time back let's go talk in there and he points to the foundry you guys see uh older bar
well maintained but clearly been here for a substantial amount of time sitting on the train
tracks here in the city sun is beating down it's july 7th after all about 11 10 11 11 somewhere
in there oh guys make a wish I wish yeah and yeah there's a couple people sitting on the patio
outside having a drink together and as you guys walk in the sun coming in through the windows
feels almost out of place here at the foundry you're used to this being an after work sort of
location but there's some regulars sitting around the bar and maggie is bartending as always
you see the televisions are on various news media outlets and julius checks to make sure at least
a couple of them are can oh yeah at least a couple are for sure any news about julius's uncle no
strangely no coverage of the death of ty frayland and no coverage of the death of some city
pd and no deaths are being reported on taking place at the zeitgeist only two nights ago
hey maggie have you been watching the news yeah are they talking about anything other than the
hole no mostly just whole talk no like so smooth they just keep trying to get those cameras on the
smooth edge it's wild but you never see anything like it cal kind of turns back to you guys and
like grins and he's like we're gonna have an exclusive voice yeah the thing is though like
you know the x files isn't super into like airing out their dirty laundry so i don't know if uh
that's such a good idea whoa whoa julius my dude but no we're not talking about your uncle
they just aren't talking about any of the things we're going through which is what we're reporting
on julius is saying that he doesn't want to put the footage out of the cut in half bodies
definitely not the type stuff there's type stuff no just i mean we make we report the news and
we know the news it doesn't have to have a video anyway that it doesn't matter we're not going to
do it yeah maggie maggie holes yeah good on the holes we'll take a round hey beck maybe we should
report on the type stuff i mean he's right i don't have any footage of it weird i mean at the
end of the day that's just a murder the stuff that we've got going is yeah a lot bigger and like
pretty sure it's cool if we like put it out there did you think we were going to no you know what i
don't it's been a rough time for me i don't know i trust you guys but like well you know get it
together depression's not real julius on on that note a round for everybody yeah yeah yeah i know
it's right here and uh yeah i heard everything you said but uh you know everything's off the record
here in the foundry julius shushes her jokingly like like oh it's like a funny joke julius sure
thinks it is cow's jaws like dropped and he legitimately doesn't know it's like the fucking
bad and the ugly even the dust has stopped moving in the sun rays that are floating in
and then julie maggie starts laughing
okay run it or start good good one julius i think well uh maybe just run it we're we're waiting for
proc or grief you haven't seen a dude in here who looks like an archaeologist he's all dirty all
the time no and has a shovel i've not seen a dirty man with a shovel in the foundry today now
well what about a clean man with a shovel no and any number of legs uh what doesn't matter it's
for the news this world's getting stranger and stranger as she goes to clean a pint glass you
should give him a call am i imagining that when you first contacted him did you say something like
our usual booth or something like that or did that not happen no but i mean of course there's
our can booth that we sit in with all our pictures above let's go sit over there i mean i'm sure that
he'll he'll head that way julius just make sure to like have a line of sight to the entrance
and once again the can crew goes the can booth where the picture of a much younger cow colorado
is on the wall right behind the now shaken downtrodden sad cows like actively shaking
his voice against the like shaking his head at the voice in his head it's like one of those
things max i'm i'm not sad i'm not downtrodden i'm angry as hell and i'm gonna get to the bottom
of this shit and he like screams that in the bar julius kind of looks like what the fuck and he's
like yeah man yeah uh does anybody have a sharpie i want to sign this and it's a picture of julius
doing the printing press like on at the booth cow yeah cow like absentmindedly pulls one out
of his pocket and like scribbles big all across the cow colorado
i mean that's it's probably worth more now
are we all gonna sign it cool julius signs it like right above his own head an ambling over
to the table as you're all going through and citing these framed pictures an emaciated woman
in a tank top and loose shorts so loose that i could probably fit one of my thighs through
the entire waist maybe maybe be tight but these tiny shorts are loose did that make any sense
yeah cal's staring he's like dr bar carver
she has a broken nose and her two eyes are looking at two of you
at the exact same time right it's one of the chameleon hybrids and she's sort of sort of
shaking kind of herky-jerky and kind of grits her mouth
hey can we help you
yeah maybe yeah um well it depends what brings you what brings you in to drink at the foundry
before 11 a.m but after 8 36.
are you aren't you you're mr cal colorado yes we're a news team and we're in here because this
is the news bar and we've been up all night covering an important story beca's just kind
of the city absentmindedly pointing at the pictures behind him oh yeah yeah yeah no i
thought that one might be you know i googled you goo faces twitching and
eyes still darting back and forth but keeping two of you in their exact sights at all times
it's just it's just like you guys are um you you're uh you're um
hold it together hold it together you're a friend of dr hargrave
um i am an acquaintance of of dr hargrave uh i've interviewed him once or twice for for a story you
know he's quite the big man in the city here and we we love to hear you start a tab yeah go and get
get yourself whatever you like thanks she turns around and walks up to the bar how do you guys
want to play this that's not brock i've seen a lot of it's not it's not i've seen a lot of
fans like this and i i don't know if i have the energy to deal with this today guys could
one of you you think she knows him i mean she said she googled me but how would she know that
we would even like it's it's a hell of a coincidence if we're all here and waiting for
brock hargrave and then she comes in and asking about brock hargrave well i kind of slipped up
and said dr bark hargrave right to her face she might have she could have extrapolated from that
yeah i mean let's just go with it and i mean worst case we leave do we play ignorant or do we tell
her that we were here beating him okay she said eight three six she starts ambling back to the
table slowly wait she stops in their tracks eyes akimbo uh beck i think you take the lead on this
one fuck you're showing a lot of like leadership very appointed a lot of gumption okay give me a
sec and he pulls out the camera and just sits it on the table and tries to be inconspicuous by
leaning on it all right come on over she continues walking up with a uh very red very red drink in a
rocks glass oh what'd you get what what drink is that it's really really ruby red it's compart
it's come it's kampari just straight kampari it's filled to the top is it like one of the
negroni spagliato with chardonnay in it or whatever maggie sighs when did we record this
all right guys it's late summer 2022
i'm it it's nice to it's nice to meet you um here have a have a seat i'm elijah
uh elijah yeah elijah i'm cal when i offered the seat i was trying to give it right where the
camera's pointed nice do you know brock yeah i knew brock oh there's a you dropped a past tense
there is that she reaches into her pocket slowly and then sets a cell phone on the table that's not
mine julius looks at beg and at the phone like beg reaches across the table does she stop me
at the very last second she slaps your hand how do we know that's his phone well do you want to
call it do we have to bring smartphones into this he passes he passes his phone to back and he's
like beck you know my code it's your birthday can you unlock it oh i didn't know that cow
cool did you do it beck gets it wrong the first time oh maybe it's my daughter's birthday
oh um do i know your daughters i think you just plug your correct birthday in the second
nope it was mine you're right hang on okay okay and then uh doctor
is it under d yes it is dr brock hargrave and i hid it to call it
did you pull up a live recording of this apparently is this like his ring back
his ring back nothing's happening to the smartphone on the table it's on do not disturb but you get
now she uh you see the phone on the table starts ringing and it says star wars music
cal colorado son of a bitch i hand your phone back how do we know you just didn't steal it
well i did okay okay okay where it uh his dead body which was in the bottom of a dirt pit
was there this whole dirt pit was it his whole body it was at the zeitgeist um there was a
hole and his body was in there he stabbed open his entrails were spilling out stomach just
you're the one who saw the crawling in the crawling trying to get into somebody's stomach
no wait hold on sorry talk about that that's nothing when were you at the zeitgeist
two nights ago when were we at the zeitgeist last night too late the doctor said something about
entrails and crawling in she she didn't seem to know about it she wanted to
plug us for information on that i think we don't know nothing about that what
brought you to the zeitgeist i was checking in on dr hargrave how did you know dr hargrave
i worked um on similar sorts of projects like digging when necessary yeah yeah um digging for
sure but um what exactly is it you do she kind of smiles and uh like way too many of her teeth
show because it's just like skin stretched across a skeleton's face what's that a skull
a skeleton's face what's that called you know like a halloween man
you joe's wearing a skully's shirt that's why you're thinking of it you're telling
me that there's bone men inside of me how many so like what is it that you do i i'm curious
why are you reaching out to dr hargrave now this time he wasn't he weren't doing anything so much
in the in the public eye as much you wouldn't want him for an interview i don't think so why
did you why did you reach why did you reach well you thought wrong we're actually quite interested
in exactly what he was doing out there and it sounds like you might know could you set some
light on it we found a shovel on that and we figured we'd uh try to get it back to him maybe
who killed him i don't know there was a half a body and a pair of legs of pretty sure a man that
i know and then his body as well and so i and there's who's the other man you knew out cold
unconscious fainted still alive but rock was whole who was still alive some lady was still
some girl still alive out there but then i saw you know there's a an old friend dr murray showed up
so i had to get the fuck out of there you know dr murray you know dr murray that's what i was
just about to say we should do you know x i don't know anyone called x how do you know dr murray
oh well dr murray dr murray used to be a good cowboy you know she's being burned from the
seventh so there's no no cowboy no more you're uh you're and her lack of discretion and her lack of
loyalty led to her being banned and therefore scorned and therefore burned sorry oh my god
oh my god beck this is what i was talking about julius are you with the you're with the rogue
group you're working with dr murray wait first you're working with who i'm working for me and
god what are you working for city action news i'm i'm beck we're the cowboys or americans are you
the rogue ones ain't been rogue since 92 julius kind of is doing like a cut it out motion to the
cow she's looking she's looking at julius with both eyes and one of them's just kind of going
up and down your body while the other one stares you in the eye looking at them thighs uh julius
kind of like goes to show off his thighs but like lifts his shirt up a little bit to like show that
he has his gun on i just think i can smoke in here yeah for a little while you can smoke at least
she she pulls a glass pipe out and puts it on the table what the fuck oh like that
oh yeah i don't know about that kind of smoking she grabs it and stands up and walks away i'll
be right back stevie you're gen c right just give her an adderall oh yeah do you just want
how fast will it work i mean it's like instant release so quick yeah okay did you know brock
because like she puts the pipe back in her pocket well if he like points
at where the pipe was like because of like rocks
so
i listened to 25 or six to four this morning and it has been sucking my head all day what's that
what's what 25 or six to four it's chicago song you brought that up because just today at work
my boss was saying that the best uh live show he's ever saw was chicago okay the reason i listened
to it is because i hung out with ian this weekend and we were watching just like live music videos
of old rock bands and one of them we watched was that song and they speed it up live and it's even
better than the way i'm super dangerous i saw chicago recently good with me it's one that
didn't make it into the show i played 25 or six to four in my middle school band what what
instrument did you play trombone so i got to do wow that's awesome is that why you played
trombone did you get to do some
did you still have your trombone uh i might have an old one i sold a really nice one
for a lot of money when i was in middle school it was like as i got out of middle school said
i'm not playing this shit no more and i sold it on ebay and it was like they're expensive as hell
i mean i think it was like maybe five hundred dollars but that was five hundred dollars to
middle school yeah wait why did you get the money this is so confusing uh because it was i stole it
i stole it from the kid in the first place so like i beat up a i beat up a sixth grader and
took his trombone it was uh it was gifted to me it wasn't nobody had paid for it oh love that i
feel a little bad that i've sold a gifted thing but i played it for three years and decided it
wasn't once it's gifted what'd you buy with the money i don't remember yeah cocaine a shittier
trombone um when when ian and i were watching that video though we were both you know had smoked
weed and just like halfway through halfway through ian just looked at me and goes what do you think
it means so we looked it up and it was talking about his favorite time to write songs was between
30 and 25 minutes to four o'clock in the morning and the thing it's either 25 minutes or six to
four oh wow okay yeah so there you go it's about writing music late at night or early in the
morning but for him probably late at night you just imagine him at a fucking 345 going like
this is awesome all of his neighbors it makes all the all the lyrics make more sense the first
thing waiting for the break of day i just assumed his neighbors would come in and kill him and then
be like he had it coming he had it coming oh we have um we have good reason to believe that
zach might try to the menu us tonight so this might be the last episode of the podcast
he and taylor will be like being real cagey about whether or not they were going to the menu us
which character do you want to be uh when it gets away yeah hey zach no spoilers serve me
a simple role-playing podcast i actually am very fascinated by the techniques that he uses uh
while we role play right luke that was you're going to be the gm for the rest of the um i guess
uh role um do you have any character sheets i could use i love skins me too i haven't i've
watched it all the way through once and i don't want to go back and watch it because there's no
way it's as good never never never yeah i watched it when i was like i was in like eighth grade
probably oh i was gonna say like 19 we probably watched it the same year probably yeah oh wait
yeah that does kind of add up shit well here it hit netflix you're not even 30 yet literally
as soon as it came on netflix oh my god me too it's interesting that you watched it right before
you went into high school i watched it coming right out of high school and i was like was i
supposed to be trying to do this in high school i was like is this what this was supposed to be
about i think now that i think about it i was watching it at my friend josh's house and i knew
him in high school so i was probably a sophomore in high school and then did you do a lot more
drugs and no we were all straight edge and we were like this is wild dude and then there's a
these kids are idiots there is a scene where there's like a biker gang and they're
all straight edge and we're like yeah the heroes are finally here
oh my god we were like dude they made them assholes and looking back on it it's like
well
it's much fun i forgot i haven't told him happy birthday yet
it's today it's today it is calling yeah let's go on should we call him yeah speaker phone speaker
there's a speaker speaking really
this call is being recorded
zoom joke i don't think he's gonna answer it's i don't think he's gonna
answer should we leave a voicemail for him oh yeah if we just talk into the mic
and then he won't hear it puts it we talk and you say what we say headphones
leave it a message and i'll get back to you
love it please record your message when you finished recording you may hang up or press
one for more options hey justin hey justin happy birthday we love you happy birthday
we were gonna wish you happy birthday started singing and drowning out all the wishes
happy birthday dear justin happy birthday to you
and peter d uh happy birthday justin answer your phone next time cuck
literally for a second there i'm like he's being awful quiet
so everybody wish wolf the dog a happy belated birthday when you hear this
