What's good my spawn? It's your mom Wolf the dog, and I am here to provide
Sustenance in the form of a radio show. Will it nurture your organs?
Maybe. Will it feed your brain? It better. Will it deliver you all unto the great void?
I actually do not know
I
Hello one hello all
Hello, y'all. It's your best friend with the trash-eating problem wolf the dog
It is December 6th, and the time is five o'clock y'all
Sounds like it's about garbage been o'clock for your wolfy boy
Now speaking of trash earlier
I took my dog wolf the dog to go find him something to fill his big old belly up with
But upon venturing outside the sky suddenly darkened all around us for a little bit y'all ever seen an eclipse
it was like that but uh
Different it was real spooky y'all wolf nearly shit his big-ass britches
Which wolf did that I'll let y'all figure that one out when I came back down to the studio
I found a note attached with a thumb tacked to the inside of my door
It is emblazoned with a solid green triangle and says for wolf at the top
I guess it's this week's howlin with wolf it comes from user chuckling boy over on the subreddit
He's an Android user
But logged on to iTunes on his computer to leave a review this boy sure knows how to make old wolfy blush
Chuckling boy writes the cowboy years introduced a turn of phrase for dealing with a shitstorm
We called it a night at the Opera you boys have taken care of a few off-screen
But damned if your debut isn't like the Mets own debut Faust
Somewhat fitting isn't that and remember the mission is over when the world ends
For all of you out there listening be sure to stop by the subreddit
We are starting to see more discussion around the greater Delta green cannon as well as game running tips and general show
stuff see y'all there
Wolf bless you chuckling boy
I think you're smooth like butter like a criminal undercover hot like summer
y'all make me sweat like that when you tag us on Instagram or Twitter at
Pretending pod all right a five-star review on Apple podcast that's good, too
Fuck a whole lot of people, but especially those with influence who propagate
Anti-science rhetoric it's time for the news a tall gaunt
humanoid figure
Where an older version of himself just stood
None of that made a lick of sense to me, but that doesn't mean I'm not hungry
Filling me up always is kudzu with no backbone
You
All see yourselves existing in this infinite
Darkness and you feel eyes on you all over you and out of your own bodies floating in this vast
nothingness in this endless void
You see a hand
stretching out of darkness and in the palm of this hand a small metal sphere a ball
Suddenly long and wiry metal tendrils begin shooting from this round
Shape the wires wrap their way around this hand holding the silver object and begin tightening the grasp
Constricting until the skin on this hand peels open at each strip of wire
Bleeding out into the nothing and this hand
unable to hold the ball any longer falls and
disappears and with no platform no support the silver sphere to begins falling a
line of bodies forms in its downward
Trajectory hoping to slow its descent the bodies are human men women children and their fashion
Follows a distinct pattern the first bodies are dressed like pioneers in the Old West you recognize one as
the founder of contentions wife
Mary Cole
the next looks to be from the turn of the century then the roaring 20s the Great Depression then looks from the
Mid-century and eventually you see modern clothing as you know
It far down at the end of this line and this small metal sphere this ball
Cannot be held for long on top of each of these bodies before its wire arms
Decimate the skin until there's no more blood left to drain from this
Biological shell or the round object simply blasts its way through its short-lived host
Either way the blood from previous bodies above
trickles at the start
Eventually pouring down onto those below before the subject of this story even makes it to them and finally
the lowest body a
young girl
Receives this hellish gift
The ball buries itself into her forehead and the vast nothingness is blown away by a new
Setting this girl is running through the woods. It's raining
She seems to be chasing a teenage boy
The girl lifts a machete that flickers in the glint of the moonlight and the boy turns around just in time to watch as
She brings the sharp blade down
over her head
But
She trips and she drops the machete which plunges perfectly into a crack between two stones
Blade facing up and this young girl falls face first
splitting open her skull
revealing a small metal sphere sitting inside
The scene changes again and the only image that remains is the cleft head of this young girl
Now sitting in a storage tub atop a folded bloody suit
But time has not treated this head. Well, it has been removed from her body
the skin decayed and
slumping over the bones in her face completely
Unrecognizable and we see John Lee Pettymore the fourth who's plucked the silver ball out of this corpses dome
And he pops it in his pocket
And your vision fills with water
Sitting on top of all this water is a desk and sitting on top of this desk is the small metal sphere as well
As an odd-looking old-timey revolver with glass tubes on the cylinder and a green light lit in front of the desk
Rosemary dives for the gun and snatches it behind the desk
Marvin Glass reaches out one of his spindly arms and with the flick of his
Translucent hand he flings the ball at her
Suddenly multiple shiny limbs extend from the small metal sphere and slam into the body of its target
Rosemary one of its appendages slices into the soft tissue on the back of Rosemary's neck
Another snaps her head forward and you hear the fracture as a third metal tendril reaches in
Gripping the top of Rosemary's spine where it meets her head and it rips her entire
Spinal cord out of her body in one swift motion promptly forcing itself into the now
vacant spinal column of this human being
The new Rosemary standing before you has a crazed look in her eyes as she blows her nose
into her hand
Slams the mucus black shiny
Fiscus into the empty chamber and squeezes the trigger on this odd-looking revolver
There's an almost blinding flash of light that illuminates your entire field of vision and then
Covering the spot where Rosemary just stood this black
shiny
Fiscus sludge
Oozes and
Seemingly inside this muck is the placid body of Rosemary
she is lying peacefully as
Her limbs seem to fold into this ooze
becoming one with the sentient mass of goop and
then
You all
Wake up
You've felt this feeling before the shock your stomach feels weird and content your ears are
Ringing it's dark. It's cold
And it smells like burned flesh which immediately brings you back as your eyes begin to adjust
there's a pool of blood on the floor and next to it is a coffin on the ground an
Ari Manstein's mausoleum where you've woken up before you look at each other
there's blood splatter speckled on each of you John Lee Kevin Lee Pettymore the thirth and
All-black tactical gear Keith Vigna in his brightly colored polo and boat shoes Clark Bishop and an old
contention PD uniform currently holding a thick
Black cloak and the shock begins to wear off
You feel the searing pain on your chest on your back
on the bottom of your left foot and
inside your dominant palm
Welcome back to contingent boys or rather the city cemetery
Holy shit
I'm getting sick of this shit
Uh
Clark is looking bewildered at everybody. Are we back? What's the last thing you guys remember?
John and I know we
We found we found my parents old book you
Where it was right under my nose the whole time. Is it it's in my house. Well, what's in it? I
Mean I
Power I guess
It lets you it lets you do things it's
What's what's your last memory Keith? What happened when you?
Crossed through the door. Oh my god. I I have vivid
vivid memory of
falling through the door
landed on the pastor I went
through some of those doors down there and went down an elevator and I
Got to our room doors in an elevator
Opened a few doors and what I got I got into a room and found
Well, I found
Some papers and I found the gun and I saw Tilly B, but she was
Very
Much worse for wear
how so
well, she just her hair was falling out and her
skin looked thin and almost translucent and just
she didn't have any fingernails and oh
man, I I
found a
spell on
One of those papers and I I said it and my my fingernails popped off
And I checked my hand real quick and you have fingernails. Thank God. Wait was was Tilly be alive. She was alive
She was acting like a monster
or
like a caged-up
animal she was
Behind a door like a blast door, but I didn't open it up. She was screaming and making crazy noises and
after I cast that first spell I
figured it worked and
Figured you know magic works. So I I cast this cast a spell that that Mildred Mitchell had on her and
my god my I
Feel I want to feel my arm
You can feel the metal
underneath where muscle should be when I cast that
My arm and chest and face ripped open and all the metal that was in me popped out and I pre grew my bones
They just popped back in
At that point I kind of lost it and I pulled the trigger on that gun and
Guys I was Silas Cole. I
I found it contention. I own them. I own the mine and I
I'm made I made Mary
Mary's a ball you made Mary Cole
Mary I think it gets real fuzzy after I pull that trigger, but I
Don't know if there is a Mary Cole
Mary is is ma are why she's a ball
She's one of those silver balls
Why did you what do you ma are? Why what I?
Well, I
It's fuzzy and it's not at the same time when before I pulled that trigger. I found paper
with the
It had a through X of what looked like failed attempts of making something and
the last one was
looked like a success and it was M a are why
Like
You ain't got no alibi you're Mary what what you're Mary I
Had to off the dog make that same
Really yep, damn it I
Made him do it. I made him. I made him make Justin
Every once in a while put in a joke that I'm like hi you motherfucker
Hey Luke, are you using your internet from your house or your hotspot my hotspot? Is it bad? Yeah, maybe use the other one
Okay, I will until your robot voicing hard which made that agonizing and wonderful
Okay
I'm on regular internet now, so
Fingers crossed it stays on so did you get most of that or should I go over it?
Just with you guys I got the gist of it
There was one thing that you cut out for that
I was here Oh your but did you say your your metal popped out and something about your bones?
My bones grew back grew back. Oh shit. I thought you said everything popped out
Metal and bones but your grunts, okay
It feels like I'm still got metal in me now, so there might be there might be a way back
Yeah, I mean to what we were
Yeah, I wouldn't I don't know if I'd recommend going through that again, but let me see that watch you son of a bitch
Thankfully, he doesn't wake up with the watch you had to go get it in contention. Thank God
But yeah after I pull that trigger I have vague memories of
Starting the town and having the mine and
making stuff that helps people and you know
Wow, you didn't go all evil anything. Did you I don't know it just gets up to a certain point and then it's nothing
I can't remember probably not you probably just did good. How do you know how to make stuff? You know how to make stuff?
Now yeah, like I said, I've been secretly competent this whole time like I said the
Once I've pulled that trigger it all gets super fuzzy. I just
Make us all right now. It's almost like I wasn't doing it. It's like I have the memory of
Like somebody else, but I know it was me
Cuz I felt going back in time
I've felt it but are you sorry saying that you didn't have the capability to to change anything. I
Don't know what apparently not I've you know
I was feeling a little crazy when I pulled that trigger
Like if I had a meter of sanity, there was nothing else to lose in it
Almost as if my decisions were not my own but a higher beings. I know that feeling sure sure. Yeah
You're talking about the the gun with the tubes on it, is that what you're saying that was the one yeah
But at the same one, I don't know if it it's either the same one or
Or it's gotta be it's gotta be a replica. But I mean, I think that room I was in down there. It was some sort of like
Science lab for Silas Cole, which was me
But I didn't know it until I became Silas Cole
but then I must have remembered the diagrams and made them from what I remembered again and then
It's a made more of them
Is one of them dang old bootstrap paradoxes it sounds like
It does sound like that Keith
Shit I haven't gone by Keith in a while
That's weird
and he just looks off into the distance like
way deep in thought
So do you reckon that Adams Cain Adam Cain's?
I
Reckon Adams Cain got him through all this. Yeah, I was thinking Adams Cain like there's multiple of them and that's what you say
Like courts martial
You you reckon then that Adam Cain's whole plan would it would have been destined to fail if
He wouldn't have been able to change anything in the past. It sounds like
You guys think that that was a viable option maybe everything is
Predetermined I thought of
Science experiments and stuff not philosophy. So the gun is behind the door
that's right, and I think that watch opened it up because
Right when I got down there the other door open when my watch was close to it and I told you John and Adam Cain
Has the radio and the helmet right now? I guess he does
He's probably I bet he did that earlier than just right now
Seemed like by the time we got back there. He'd been consolidating all this shit for a few days
He really yeah made hay while we were away, you know
Once you time travel this much it's real hard just to determine where you are when you are
Speaking of and I look at my watch. What time is it in the mausoleum now 5 p.m. Yeah. Sorry
Do you want to guess 5 p.m. I bet it's about 5 p.m. Oh my god. Yep. That's it
So in the past we've woken up at 3 and 1 and 11. Yeah. Yeah as a number 4, baby
So it's 5 o'clock
What do you reckon? We're doing right now like not us but
Us God are there are there three other us is running around?
As we speak that's kind of been our operating theory so far. Yeah, maybe we're the ones who just let ball
Take care of everything. Look at your body. Look at your body
Do we have anything crossed out this time and I'm looking at all the yeah names
Before you had seen that Marvin on each of your chests were crossed out and you confirm that
You saw that Maggie on the bottom of your left feet were crossed out
Which you also confirm and Clark you again see the eaten away logo for the circle of knowledge
On your back was drew
Which you all see is crossed out when you check each other's backs
Check for ticks too and inside the dominant palm of each of your hands
It says Tildy and that is also
Crossed out. Oh shit. That last one was a twofer
Well, this this it kind of seems like we got a freebie boys to just tie this all up
Well, so Drew's crossed out what what ended up happening with Drew? Oh, yeah
You don't even know what happened after you went down in the hole. No
The pastor might yeah. Well, that's in the future past
Wait, what about the pastor's future past? Well, I left him down there with two bullet holes in his feet, but I propped him up
You kind of glossed over that
Remember you said to shoot him so he didn't follow me and I did and then you said
Literally, yeah
Yeah, was he ever he was he was still knocked out unconscious the last time you saw him
Yeah, and I reckon if I went back in time and all that probably nobody else got there that got down there to him. So
oops
But yeah withdrew what happened withdrew
What happened what happened with everything after I went down there when when's last you saw drew was he still under gunpoint?
well, he was
drew
Carries or what? However, we're saying he was good
I'm the last thing I remember pretty much was him in her body and not really much else had happened
Well, I took a shot at Adam as you guys were heading down into that hole and that prompted
Kristoff fuck. What was his name? Yeah, the janitor. Yeah
We thought we thought drew was a goner because we heard a gunshot ring out right then
Turned out we had a little Savior in the in our midst. Yeah, who shot Kristoff's hand off. It was a
Her name's and loved you. Do you know her? No
She
Killed my parents. She killed your parents and love killed my parents
To have you always known that or I mean, I've known it as much as I've known things since these things started. Oh
What she killed your parents? Why is she trying to get you and mister?
Here's the thing is that and I've known this for a while and that's been eating me up. She she works for the circle
She's a circle of knowledge member
She was also in case L with Kevin with dad you and
Daddy me. Yeah. Well, what was she doing there? Well, I thought she was working for the circle here
Here's the mind blower. You ready for this get you might sit down. Are you seated? Well, you know it can't yeah
sure, Jim Cook was her handler in some kind of covert operation to
Do stuff
Secret
Interest can you believe that?
You know what Keith
Thanks, something's up
Got a firm grasp on how all this works
Jim was her hands. So you're telling me
Jim cook was an loves handler to do something secret
So they were he was the handler of case L it turned out but then he had some kind of some kind of a splintering
So you remember we saw those notes about how Maggie heard that Jim Cook was worried about Maggie and all that
there was some kind of yeah some kind of strife within the circle itself and
And
Was was working for Jim in particular. So that's why she killed my parents Jim sent her off to get a book
You remember that book we found in Jim's house. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, that's one. He like homemade so it didn't work too. Well
Okay, so you got the real book at your house turns out
John can actually fill you in on how we figure that now. I
Had a vision. Oh
Without the watch yes, but that though that's my own thing god damn it. Oh, okay. I believe you
Everybody's doing their part to save the world
I was Silas Cole guy
Tell me what happened what about it? What about the book?
It's a grimoire and wanted us to get it real bad
And then we were gonna go over to calm comfy campground
But then she did some shit that we didn't take too kindly to
namely killing John I
Thought John she killed you well nearly
Stabbed a knife through his head good ass. I got I got pretty lucky though without provocation or I
wouldn't exactly say
Without provocation, but
while we were talking to Ann John let it slip that he was a ball and
Turns out that's kind of Ann's whole thing is to get rid of them balls. She's trying to get rid of all my kind
okay, so that makes a little more sense why I should do that, so
Did you guys save drew though? Oh, yeah, I forgot. That's what you asked about. He's fine. He went back to the tunnels
We told him to you said get on down there just scamper be safe, and then did you kill Ann yeah, I?
Got real mad at her and I killed her
And then I still was kind of curious about what the book would do now that we knew where it was cuz she was so
Hyped up on it right
went and got the book and
That's I
Yeah, they kill you
Use it no not it. It certainly didn't kill me in fact. It. Maybe did the opposite, but I it all gets fuzzy after that
huh, huh
What happened with your head wound oh
well
And magic some of it away
enough for me to help out and killing her I
Also, I gave a I gave a shot at doing the same thing. I'd just seen an do which was
Just a little just a little blood magic
She just did like a like a little magic spell with that used that used blood
like like John said that a while ago would have really freaked me out, but
It freaked me out, too
I tell you what I believe in magic it freaked me out so much that I decided to try it myself in a young girl's
heart
You believe in magic
It worked when I did it well, and what did it do held him up held him up a whole lot if I remember right?
Sorry, that's I don't know yeah, it felt real nice
So I was really filled with purpose at that point and decided to go and get the book and that's the last thing I remember
It yeah
You got I got it. I got to
you
Keith you can relate you know sometimes at the end of the day
You're crazy, and I didn't really know what I was nothing left in you yeah
You guys remember
Jim cook right remember Jim when we found out he died in a yeah in an alley right I did that
You did you did that I did that when
what I touched the book and I said a spell and I
Was suddenly in the alley with Jim
and I knew that he'd sent and loved to kill my parents and it it just got the better of me and I I
Killed him I strangled him and I killed him oh
Whoa whoa whoa whoa Clark Clark?
You're under arrest
I'm just kidding
So is that the last thing you remember is killing him in all honesty. Yeah that I got the feeling that
I'd found purpose in my life, but when did that happen that was just a couple days ago
That was five days ago five days ago
So we potentially could have
Have a few of you running around along with us a murdering one
You know the last thing I remember is watching wheel of fortune
Well boys with the fell asleep on the couch and woke up here really damn yeah, you get me right
Roll intelligence fucking one
Keith I swear to God I got him all right every one of them. Well damn what a worthless fucking one
I
Don't know what the hell we do now. I mean going to watch wheel of fortune sounds just good as anything
Hey, I John Lee petty more roll a d10 for me
Seven gain seven sanity nice I
Can't tell what's real in this world, but wheel of fortune. That's it. There is something so calming about that experience
after everything that you've been through of just sitting on the couch and
Crushing wheel of fortune boys. I'd highly recommend it. I'm right there with you. I wish I could it I
Mean what do you what what do we do now?
I mean, I've got a couple couple ideas personally it kind of depends. Oh, that's one thing Keith
I should tell you and love put a name to that creature that I saw she called it a gigantic
Permanente kiss I nailed it. Don't ask me more and she clarified and she
She she she said that that that whole thing's real that whole thing is something that the circle is is
Trying to keep out of the world Freeman Donna
That's it
That's right, that's what she said right John. Yeah, no something like that
Real hold up real quick. I gotta I gotta rewrite the end of this campaign real quick
Yeah
Yeah, so and and was telling us that the the giant
Penta kid
Perminta kiss was a was a real bad thing and that was still the goal of the circle and that's always kind of been
The thing here's here's one kind of scary thing Keith that and mentioned to us is that Maggie had some designs on the circle of knowledge
That would then
Lay in a new world order or something like that
But Ann was pretty much on our side as far as she didn't care about that
She just wanted to make sure that the creature didn't happen
Well, the is the creature related to the ball in any way, you know hell
I haven't been able to make that connection quite if I made ball then probably not
Probably not where you may. Yeah, I made ball. I
made Mary
Daddy
I'm you're my real daddy. I guess so. Holy shit
Runs out of the mausoleum
and he stumbles over one of the
broken androids who's crushed and falling on the ground and
Sitting in this dirt and this cold cold December 6th. You're looking up
The fire is almost completely out on this crawfish boil
smell
souring hits your nose
As he runs out I look at Clark and kind of like give him an elbow and go
Hey son, where are you going and then laugh to myself?
We
Probably ought to follow him out though
I'd be careful about person this one Keith. That's that's why I said it in here
Yeah, I'll start following John out just to make sure
John John don't don't get too far. We get it. We got to figure something out now. John is running
He's gonna disappear if you don't catch him
So
You just take off I look at Clark I
guess
John and I just take off after him. Oh, hey. Oh hell
Clark's gonna run to
John John come back. We're gonna need your help
Okay, yeah
For the last time you just run right by those androids don't look at them at all Clark take your headphones off
Take your headphones off as well
Joe not Clark, whatever you have one name
Thomas dr. Bradley aim
Say it
Dr. Bradley anus
We got to name ourselves in the zoom chat
Tell me petty more the third is sprinting through
Mausoleum, I need you to roll an alertness check for me
17
There are clearly the lights and sounds of an ambulance
Pulled up at the entrance of the city cemetery, which is now
Close enough that you can tell what is happening up there
Remembering back from the last time that you were here
There's a woman sitting in a wheelchair at the entrance the city cemetery who passed away
likely an hour ago
That's probably what this is. I I crossed myself and
Pay my respects to
You know this woman who we have really come to think of as a friend
And then I'm booking it for the
Marmal glasses place. Okay. I'm looking at for planet juggernaut fair enough
As
Clark Bishop and Keith vigna take off running through these above-ground
Mausoleums here in the city cemetery. I need you to roll alertness checks for me
61 on a 60. Oh shit. I thought I'd rolled a 11, but it's a 17 on a 70
Thank God
Sometimes is a handler you really really want
Certain roles to get made. Oh
That was nerve-wracking
as you're running through you hear sirens and
You see lights from an ambulance
at the entrance the semi-se
Semi-semitary
the semi-semitary
The semester and as soon as you recognize that you actually hear
The running of a slightly heavier than human man taking off in a perpendicular
Direction to the entrance of the city cemetery and that man is running toward the glass compound
Is a John do we know it's John we would have just been running after him. Yeah. Yeah, it's John, okay
I wasn't sure if it was one of the robot guys that were protecting Stan Manstein got back up
That's what I was. No, you didn't hear me make fun of you for not looking at them. I
Mean I just remembered them I brought him up every time
Well, so since I filled my alertness check I'm gonna keep running till till he alerts me
Keith he's heading that way. There's a there's there's a there's a
Ambulance up there at the front gate. He's good. He's going the other way. He's heading toward the glass compound. Let's
Go get him
Silas Cole completely forgot what Keith Vigna's
Yeah, I'm like, um, it's legitimately weird for me to be Keith again
Right now. Yeah, I
am in pursuit of
John I
Am too do I see him? Can I see him? Am I that close roll both of you real athletics for me? I
Got an 8 on a 50
Fuck I got a 31 on the baseline 30. I was super fucking close. Wow
Let's get Thomas in here to roll for us
It was a bit
It seemed like a bit
What's up?
We were waving at you looked up and then just look down at your phone
Like right when we started burning it right when we started doing it. Hey Thomas real quick roll athletics for me. Oh
Nope 70 on a 50 so as you're
Approaching the edge of the city cemetery about to make your way onto a
Main street here in the city
Keith Vigna catches up to you and you can see Clark Bishop trailing at least eight mausoleums behind
Standard measurement when I catch up I want to just like grab his shoulder like what are you doing? Just come on slow down
We got a we got a talk. Where are you going? It's far away from you as I can get
I never asked to be born. Don't worry about that right now. I'm not even totally sure what any of it means. Oh
Great real comforting dad, please. Don't call me that
Dad
Clark Bishop hears as he approaches
Where are you running off to I'm going to be with planet juggernaut John
I'm gonna ride him into the sky. No, it's what I want to do
John just just cuz there's a chance that Keith in the body of Silas Cole invented you doesn't mean he's your dad
You had a dad. It was Kevin. You're in his body now
Oh
Full identity crisis
Well, he wasn't here to raise me when I was a young one and neither were you Keith so planet juggernaut is the strongest male
Influence I've ever had in my life. You're older than me. I don't know how I could have raised you
Then what you should have thought of that
Before you had me
Well
Shit, I'm out of breath
Actually, uh, John Lee Pettymore cannon is 26 years old and Keith Vigna is 29 years old
We never talked about birthdays. Yeah, John never asked Keith
a
John assumed the same
Clark help me talk some sense into him. We I don't even know where we need to be going John
I'll tell you I don't I don't think the glass compounds where we need to go
First of all that his name is crossed off our chests
That seems like a clear sign that that's all taken care of over there at the end of the day
We're gonna need you with that vision thing you got going on these days. That's that's a powerful skill you got
That's something you can hang your hat on. That's all I am to you
I mean you've been you've been with us from the beginning
We didn't we never treated a different after we found out you were ball
You were still one of our friend. It's cuz we need you around you're you're you you help us
Y'all always did treat me like a friend
All right, what do you want to do Clark you got any
Yeah, any ideas? I got I got one
Yeah now that we know where the book is and these days I'm feeling like I have my wits about me a little more
Why don't we go get the book and head over to calm comfy campground? See what see what we can do?
Maybe save the world there
Okay, you know what that that one song said I'll follow you into the dark Clark
I
Don't step on Superman's cape I'm no Superman
You don't follow Clark into the dark and you don't mess around with Jim
I see you guys think that ambulance is here to pick up our mess back there. Oh, most certainly
Yeah, I think we ought to let him see that
Hey, all right
You know what a good place to start might be checking out the bodies of these androids
Moving them into the mausoleum, so they're not so obvious
Yeah, I don't think I don't think this to have an EMTs see robots. It's gonna be help our case any let's get on it
John they were at the front gate when we busted out of the mausoleum after you there
I think they're they're pretty close. We got a hurry. We got to move fast. So so we are dragging the
Androids back into the mausoleum, but also giving them a thorough
Investigation Zach as we do so especially their penises you guys are so good at role-playing. It's wild. Thanks
you know these ideas just come to us second I
Mean you did say every time we left the mausoleum that they were there so
It's not like we would have forgotten that yeah. Well was also just like yeah, we killed him
Dealt with what's next
There's nothing interesting about them. Fuck you
Okay, so
So the three of you make your way back to where you just were deep in the heart of the city
Cemetery as you're dragging these androids
into Ari Manstein's
tomb
You're giving him a good once over so I will need each of you to roll search
Because you each have one of these androids
30-40 didn't hear either one of you because you're both standing go Luke 31 on a 40 48 on a 50
64 on a 20 Clark. Come on, man. Clark's useless
This guy's totally lame rat dead
John the androids are dead
What else did you want to know Keith Vigna as you are dragging yours and you're kind of looking over it you remember
Fighting one of these things at James the mill workers house and you remember how strong?
the metal was and
how the wrists popped off and had wiring inside and
There were there were all sorts of gadgets kind of an inspector gadget style
Dave Bautista thing going on here and I followed the first part where it is. Yeah Bautista come in
Yeah, it's as if Dave Bautista was playing inspect your gadget. Yeah
Cool that would be that's a fun casting I would fucking love
All right podcast over
a
Friendship with podcast is ended
I mean, he's he's he's hitting like
65% right now. He's nailing it for blockbusters
So it might be more like 40 after some of those bombs so we could probably sneak in there. That's what we want
Stuber. Yeah, he did. He did. He did blow a stuber. That was a bummer
Hey Dave, we've got just
Everybody loves a reboot
Also movies are huge right now
No, it would be oh, oh my god it had Dave Bautista inspector gadget series on Disney Plus
Can we use that Mandalorian screen
That thing is fancy
I'm editing all of this out so we can actually make this happen
It's got a better chance of happening if we put it out in the world, baby. That's the secret
Did you read that didn't have to that's the secret?
Keith I forgot what I was gonna tell you. I don't know but they already have an inspector gadget in the works for Disney Plus
Who called it baby, but who's starring I haven't gotten to those starring the writers are Mikey day
What has been on SNL? He's gonna nail that and Streeter Seidel
Streeter they got Streeter Seidel
Yeah, they're also behind the Home Alone reboot for Disney Plus, I would love to see Home Alone, but Dave Bautista is the kid
Keith Vigna as you drag this thing into the mausoleum you notice that this
robot seems to have
none of the advanced features that were previously part of
The Android that you fought at the behest of you now know Maggie Cook and myriad
They're at James the mill workers house and dr. Bradley anus fuck
Do you really rely on it that much I'll change it and John Lee petty
I
Was like it was he a part of me
Dr. Bradley anus is behind it all
That asshole
It
Was there and you took it easy low-hanging fruit John Lee Kevin Moore the third as you're
Dragging this thing in by the ankles of its pants
Pants begin to fall down and instead of a Ken doll
Right there where the smooth part is
We're finally checking out these robot dogs
You
See a stamp that says property of
The city asylum well god damn this one's hands don't pop off
That's fascinating you find anything on yours
Yeah, it belongs it belonged to the city asylum
Holy shit are there any cavities to search?
Cuz just call me dr. Anus
I
Will never again
Keith I don't know if we if we told you and and filled us in a little bit
There's this other group this opposing group called the city asylum, and that's who we think McKinley and
Harrison Harrison Harrison Harrison was one of them
But then the other guy the the woman who else got dead and as a president McKinley Canada and Kennedy
Agent Kennedy we think that that's who they were working for and we told and
They kind of helped us out in the end and and was like yeah
Everybody's kind of moving around toward the same goal so so the city asylum isn't like an asylum
It's a group it seems kind of like the opposite of the circle of knowledge or maybe you're huh, so we got some of these
Robots are from them and some of these robots are from myriad
And they just got these robot if you'll excuse the metaphor inspector gadget Bautista's running around out there
Just wreaking havoc on the public doing their whims. I don't I don't stand for that
I think these people started out trying to save the world and now now it's just gotten out of hand
I mean we know Maggie's trying to take over the damn thing a small-town police chief just seems like a really unlikely and
Poor starting position to be taken over the world from but somehow she did it, so that's I
Will give her kudos there. That's some real Putin shit
Quick question do we as characters know anything about the robots being tied to
Any of the project stuff so that's the big thing
I'm blanking on is that and clarified a little bit of those connections, and I'm blanking on how it all worked out
Yeah, I thought we knew myriad had made them originally or yeah, you guys know that myriad makes these things so myriad
That's why myriad has the newer model cuz these are old, but then also
myriad decided that they were gonna start selling them to private companies and
Jim Cook's operation
operation stapler was
his respect
operation to cut down on cost
For selling to private companies so the first one we fought was like og
these are
cheaper and not
myriads
Hmm I think out loud as Keith Vigna
Boy, it was a good thing. We thought to check these bodies. Yeah, and John like takes the job one of them, and he's like
Oh
That's pretty silly don't you think was
Where we going Clark I vote I vote hit I vote heading to get my book and then heading to calm comfy camper
Okay, let's do it. I'm down
How are you guys getting to contention I start running on all fours like a horse
And I say I feel like I knew somebody that did this
It's kind of fuzzy quit Clark hop on Keith I
Don't know isn't I guess somebody's cars got to be here. Yeah, I guess drew got occupied last time so
Okay, well. I think we should take over the ambulance
Cops can do that right do we have any badges I?
Got my badge on looks real old. They're gonna know looks like you're like in a
Costume for a movie these are these are these are medical professionals
They're they're around cops all the time what we need to do is go up to a civilian
And steal their car under the guise of you being a cop. Yeah, I
Don't really mind how we get a car. Let's just go. Oh, you know what also. We're grown-ass men
Do we have wallets on us? Are you saying buy a car? I'm saying rent one. I kind of like the idea of stealing one
We could just hail a cab yeah, we could just take an uber there as
Somebody gets their phone out to order an uber. I'm like. I don't know we could steal that pretty easy
Imagine how easy it'll be to steal once we're inside the uber if we want to go with now
That's genius once we're in the vehicle. We can steal an uber well
Yeah, and also let him drive us around a little bit and see if you know is this a car
We want to steal you don't just go with the first uber. Yeah, I don't have a very good uber rating
So I'll call him Keith. What'd you do? Oh?
I've only ridden a couple times, and it's been on official police business, so they'd you know what let's not get into it
Keith has like a 2.4. He just
Why I wonder
Right, but I don't know
Excuse me dear listener, but I have to drop in here real quick with some unfortunate news
See we had to record the rest of this episode on a different day and on that day
We had issues two of them in fact the first is fine Luke. Just didn't have his newer microphone
So he's at a slightly lower quality than he will be moving forward
But the second sucks shit my laptop couldn't handle my recording and Google Docs and discord and my manatee
Masturbation meditation videos all at the same time so my voice is pretty choppy
I've been trying and trying tirelessly to figure out a way to repair this issue to no avail however
I do think the rest of this episode rules hard enough to pull the focus away from the problem in fact
You know what I actually did it on purpose to make your muscles tense while listening to this fairly
Unnerving part of the story so when you feel your jaw finally relax at the end of the episode
You'll know it worked hugs and kisses
It doesn't get you down to a 2.4
stars from just one
Incident so I think we should all describe a single
Incident that got teeth while on duty a low uber score. I will start one word at a time
Yeah, we'll go around Keith really shit
His mama
My
Okay, we do need we need to take improv lessons if we want this to be
Well hold on let me improv this one word at a time for everybody Keith really shit what his mama gave him
And forgot his police cruiser, so he called a wacky uber to drive him to the crime scene
That was really cool how we all work together
We all do a really good Thomas we should just make the one episode where all it is is a mad lib
We should do like four episodes in a row where it's just one of us talking. It doesn't sound like it would be very popular
Okay, so I like to think that Keith was out on a call and he needed to arrest someone so he handcuffs a perp
And then as he takes him back to the police cruiser you realize he locked his keys in his cruiser with the car running
so then he has to
Explains to the uber driver like this is a wanted criminal
Pop the trunk
I
Throws him in the trunk and then Keith gets in the shotgun seat of course and
Instead of going straight to the police station Keith is like I'm gonna shit with my mama gave me
He shits his pants, and then still makes the guy go through a drive-through
I shit my pants
Away, there's no trouble afterwards
Actually I was wrong that one experience might take you all the way down to
He's only been on three uber rides
Goodness so Keith pulls out his phone and orders an uber and it's you see on the app that there is a vintage
I guess it wouldn't say vintage, huh?
I wouldn't say what year the car is no
It might say what year the car is it says what year the car is once somebody agrees to pick you up
It does tell you what what the car is so one unfortunate soul does agree to pick the three of you up
I guess he doesn't know that there's three of you, and you don't know it's a he
But it does does it say his name. It's been a while since I've used you. Yeah. What's his name?
Lewis his name is Lewis, and he's driving a
1966 Toyota Prius oh
His name is Reginald, and he's driving hey
1966
Volkswagen van like a bus or like a mini. Yeah, it's like a bus. It's like a van bus
Two different things are just the same name for the same thing
Was the van this vintage teal?
Volkswagen van rolls up on the outskirts of
The city cemetery and it is driven by a man as like long hair
He looks pretty
Pretty lanky and his eyes are darting all over the place. He's kind of flinching a little bit and
You see that his shirt seems to be made from random pieces of fabric that were like patched together quilted together
Hey guys
Are you what what's your name Spud, but I'll miss but it was Lewis or Reginald
Oh, no my mom tried to name me Lewis, but my dad
He he really liked the name Reginald
And he grabs a can of whipped cream from the floorboard under his feet, and he just goes
Into his mouth
But but I'm gonna sidebar with my compatriots real quick
Is he eating the whipped cream or is he like inhaling the the gas from the can?
Yeah
Is he popping a rule search for me to see if there's a any any actual cream on that any cream?
And I'm gonna search for cream in his mouth
Let's see 22 freaking crit success
Dude there is a little there's a little bit of cream
There's like a little bit of cream on his lip and it seems to like at least sputtered
You know there's some he keeps his lips tight around that white
But
So you can't see it all but like yeah
So we are John leads these guys into a sidebar real quick, and it's like hey
You know I don't know if it's just that the good Lord
You know can only make so many variations of his own creations
But but doesn't doesn't this guy sound a lot like that that weird creature that was looking for the overseer
I'd have to hear him. I'd have to hear him talk one more time
Do you think maybe those creatures are doing poppers, too
That's not what poppers are I
Did them one time in a hot tub at a bastard you're thinking of you're thinking of whippets Joe whippets
That's something yeah, I've never done whippets, but I did do poppers in a hot tub with a bunch of hot dudes
You know what happened to your accent Keith?
Yeah, that was Keith saying that he forgot who he was
Being Silas Cole for so long made him forget who he was yeah, I'm having like flashbacks. I'm like I'm not okay, okay
Zach you gave me like dirty looks and flipped me off, so I was asking a legitimate game strategic question
No, I I appreciate that he turns and he's like
Sorry, I had something in my eye
Hey, hey, I had some I had something in my
This sidebar was a false alarm. This is just an average country feller. Just like you or me or Keith even
I just been doing some helium and whipped cream
Wait you've been doing your are you high right now nah?
You want your driver relaxed. Let's get in yeah normally
I've started, but this seems kind of like the guy that wouldn't think twice about anything. We're about to do
Yeah, if you see some freaky shit. It's cuz you're high Clark
I don't want to alarm you, but every time you've been in a cruiser with Keith, or I we have been at least
His level or beyond on
Inhalants or some other substance he hears you guys talking, and he's like nice. Hey
Yeah, we used to be the law still are kind of not anymore
I guess we're we're kind of wandering vagabonds like you creatures of the road
Are you guys going to like a costume party or something?
Oh
Sure, that's sick. Yeah, man. You're born naked and the rest is just drag dude. The rest is just ha ha and he like
grabs on his shoulder like the shirt of his shoulder the shoulder of his shirt and
He's like the rest is just rags my dude
Yeah, your clothes are not very good
Self man, it's yeah, I'm making myself. It's really me
Self yeah, it yeah, it does look like that
Where did I where did I put the address as?
For our end. Yeah, could you just take us to the to the pen man? Oh, yeah for sure dude, and he starts driving
I'm really glad that I got that thing out of my throat. I feel much more comfortable like this
I'm glad to man. I'm glad you can be comfortable. I'm glad you can just drive us
Guys doing in contention really have to say anything at all to us. No, I figure we talk
I'm one of those uber drivers who likes to talk to everybody the whole time. What are you guys doing in contention?
Huh? Do you find that people like that? I know I know dude. It's just like I get so lonely
Sometimes, you know, yeah one cool thing that an uber driver can do is just put on some some pretty
You know some pretty well-liked music radios busted man
Pretty me some music that like everybody can kind of get you know anything from the 70s basically off
I wish I could do the worst
Worst thing they could do besides talking is like put on Imagine Dragons, but they do that a lot
Would we recognize this guy from like around contention? Nah, man. I'm from the city. What are you guys?
Are you guys from contention or what born and raised here? What?
Yeah, you're from contention. That's sick, dude. I heard the cops. They're like
Bad I heard there's some crazy boys. Yeah. Yeah. What else have you heard about him? Oh, dude
I just have some friends down there who like get litty like my homie. He's the manager at this sandwich place and
Like you I mean he grows his own shit. It's fucking cool. Yeah, that's my cousin
No shit what yeah, he's a good guy. His stuff is pretty good. Oh
Dude, and he like as he's driving he turns fully around
Look you in the eyes and hands and puts on his fist to give you nuts
I quickly return his knucks and point towards the road
nice
And it's quiet for the first time
Hey, could you put something on like even Imagine Dragons at this point? Oh, like I said before
We're kind of both standing up at the same time. It's pretty crazy
But like so I couldn't hear you or you can hear me
But like radio is fucking busted I could I could sing some Imagine Dragons for you if you want. Yes, please do that
Yeah, that's for sure that that sounds great to me. Thank you
Oh
Well, maybe I need to give them boys a second chance cuz that's the best Imagine Dragons song I've ever heard I
Mean just fucking imagine them though, right?
It is evocative as hell I'm picturing them all Game of Thrones, you know one time after I think it's like smile
I read all those books in my early 20s. That's one thing. You don't know about John Lee Pettymore. Oh nice
John Lee Pettymore is your name? That's long
Yeah, it's three it's three of them
All together they're
Mean my name's spud pass bud spud
Yes, but like the beer dog like it like a tater like a tater nice and he turns fully around
Back back turn around and as you turn around you both you all see two things in the distance both are
Roughly 30 feet in the air the Sun slowly beginning its descent behind them one is
Expected it's the billboard for the contingent trucks your hometown baseball team trucks. Bring it
Trucks bring it. The other is less expected. It's a floating
four-wheeler this
Familiar all-terrain vehicle adds another terrain to its already impressive resume
As it seems
As it seems to surf on some sort of
Invisible wave roll sanity. Is this a four-wheeler occupied or just on its own up in the it's occupied as hell
It's pretty far away
Can I can I reroll my sanity? No, that's great though. If you failed it's fun. I did
I am at 18. Oh and so
Do you think 44 is a good roll
Yes, I do think 44 is a good roll Joe you put a thumbs down meaning you pass
It was luckily under my power, okay under your power and then Thomas what did you roll I failed
Okay, so it says if you pass you don't lose any sanity
Congratulations to no one
if you
Joe and Thomas both roll a d4 as Luke takes one d4 of sanity damage or I mean, sorry
Luke you take all four
That's what I figured Joe and Thomas roll a d4 as Luke rolls a d4
You guys are rolling a d4 for fun, he's actually losing the same
I didn't want to feel I didn't want you to feel left out of this interactive process
Zach I got bad news for you or good news. I hit my breaking point. Hey
This already but every time I wake up in the mausoleum, I'm one point away from my breaking point
It's fucking great and Thomas, what'd you roll? I lost to sanity okey-dokey and Luke lost four
I mean Keith Vigna lost four which puts me at fourteen. There's one thing on my notes here
It says if they pass read this I won't read that
Okay fast approaching is a massive black shiny wave the size of a tsunami
formed from the indelible viscous sludge that infiltrated your town and
Disrupted your lives inside this thrashing swell of my I wrote this already
So it's like but it disrupted your lives and now I'm thinking like what lives
We don't really sad
Jesus Christ inside this thrashing swell of muck
Thrashing bodies. Yeah, read your copy and add like any commentary or like embellishments later. Don't fucking
Hold your applause for the end, dude
If you want to add some parentheses, like what lives these miserable fucks
Okay, do that you don't know you got it I mean
Bust out of character just to throw shade. It's it's it's fine. I'm a tree birch. So
inside this thrashing swell of muck are the thrashing bodies of
councilwoman Carrie pages and Salem the cats their hands and paws
Stretch out trying to breach this inescapable tide
But their struggle does not last long their limbs fold into this ooze becoming one with a sentient
Massive goop that is about to crash down upon you
What do you do?
How fast is this wave moving? Like do we have much time? Nope, and as it collapses over you
You
It's just enough time for you to also realize that the driver is seeing what you're saying as he just goes
dude
But the dude is pretty much cut off by the wave
like the swell of like, you know when you get hit by a wave in the ocean and just kind of holds you down and
for like a moment you think it's
over
Okay, so like GAC was Nickelodeon's version of flarp or slime a toy for children made by mixing water
With borax and with my wife. I'm sorry. It's I GAC slime. Yes. What was the other thing? You said flarp?
flarp flarp flarp
FL AR I think I that's what we called it. Hang on. Wait. Wait one second. Oh shit
Does he have some floor just walked away he just like ran away with a giddy child like smile I have
It's not in the thing, but I've got the case for it. No
I don't know where
Buddy oh no, it got out noise putty. So it's the stuff
You can put your finger into it and it makes really easy fart sense. Gotcha. Yeah, okay
Or if you can't afford a pocket pussy almost as if like the the sound is that's where it went
Or if you can't afford a fuck barrel the flarp barrel. Oh, that's a patreon joke
Yeah, nobody
It's it's so good right now, I cannot wait until you make a fuck barrel the fuck barrels are gonna come out sooner than the t-shirts
Fucking hurts
The the stuff we created in our kitchen with like borax and water and liquid glue is a lot like wetter and runnier
Than the GAC like the name-brand stuff and it felt cold and wet but sort of heavy at the same time
And when the stuff moved around it peeled away like it had to like make an effort to release from your skin
What is that called where it's like when you hit it it's a solid but I was just thinking about that too
I think it's a Newtonian substance or a yeah
Newtonian yeah non-newtonian with like cornstarch or something. Is that how you used to make it? Yeah cornstarch and and like come
Oobleck oobleck. Yeah black ooh
Flarp ooh black. Okay now imagine
Dragons
Imagine the stages
the way that your thoughts change throughout this
vorish
Process as you are consumed
Oh the reason that I talked about GAC for so long is imagine that it's like literally covering your entire body at first it
Feels like jumping into a pool with your clothes on like a little strange little awkward like in the van. Yes
Oh completely. You can't see anything anymore except for darkness and
As the ooze pushes in around you it becomes increasingly difficult to move your limbs
this cold wet sludge
relentlessly fills every orifice in your body and you struggle to maintain a sense of optimism as you are
completely enveloped in this suffocating
goo
John Lee Pettymore who rolled over his power has just unbuckled his seatbelt like while he could still move
He rolled up into as much of a ball as he could, you know, this form is not really my own. I
Will survive the goo onslaught. I hope my friends will be as lucky
If not, perhaps I might rip their spines out and take their corpses if this one is ruined by the goo
Keith
After having just lost four sanity, he isn't really computing like he knows what's going on
But he's just decided it's not actually happening to him. And so he's just sitting there
Breathing in as normal. I
Think Clark tries to scream and gurgles
This isn't how it was supposed to go
So look directly into the camera right now Joe look directly into the camera right now
Dear listener, I have such mixed emotions right now
An oozing substance has just made its way into my studio and it is heading directly
Towards me on one hand. I feel like I am
Unfortunately
Staring down the empty pudding cup of my existence
But on the other hand, it kind of looks like rotting putrid slop like I said, I'm hungry
What the fuck
Oh
You
You
