What's snazzy, my pips?
It's your knobby, sloppy, off-the-cobby, radio host with the absolute most.
Your butter and egg man with jams and toast, it's Wolf the dog.
If you're not yet big, then you may be a grower,
cuz I'm blowin' your wig from my radio blower.
Here on 694.2 PTBP, the internet's oldest and only radio station.
This installment of Howlin' with Wolf is from The Duckman in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
They write,
To the boys of Best Korea,
Wibble Wobble Dingle Chungus,
Wumbo Dingo Tringus,
and a whole lotta love to you, Wolf,
for introducing me to the magical musicians of Missouri known as Kudzu.
No backbone is the bee's knees.
You're the top dog in my books, Wolf.
Keep up that good work,
and I hope you find some extra good scraps in tonight's trash can.
You shred it, Wheat.
Remember, if you wanna write up somethin' for your wolf to howl,
tag us on the internet,
uh-uh, fuck Mark Zuckerberg,
or write a five-star review on Apple Podcasts.
All the links are in the damn show notes like they always have been.
Why don't y'all take a look for one second?
I'll wait.
I found a handy-dandy little book here of common phrases used back in the 1930s
to set the stage for the special presentation I have for you today.
So, uh, shake a leg,
split with those getaway sticks,
and grab a swell glass of city juice with your meat paws.
In my cave, it's all wet to be dried out,
so double down on your dog soup.
I might be behind the grind,
but these fine expressions from the time of Great Depression,
they align with wolf's obsessions.
Now, time to perform my midnight profession.
So unwind from uniform strife and oppression,
and mainline this newfangled warm-life lesson.
It's Grady Philip Drug with Real Life.
Easy times feel less than serene
In the moment it's hard to count your blessings
So we long for days gone past
As grief and strife
Bloody, that's real life
Moment of silence, 30 seconds of silence
for our nearly departed dipshit in the Oval Office.
I said silence, Joe.
Don't make jokes, Zach.
That's, that's 30, right?
That was close.
Zach, Zach, before you clarified Oval Office,
when you said nearly departed dipshit,
I thought you were talking about Luke.
Oh, no!
His Scott is our, he is our dipshit.
We love him a lot.
Oh, we miss you, Luke.
Luke isn't here with us today,
but who is with us today is a man who I've spent a lot of time
listening to and learning from about Call of Cthulhu
and other horror gaming in general,
Mr. Scott Dorward, whose credits include
working on Cubicle Seven's World War Cthulhu line,
let's see, working on Dead of Night,
Cthulhu Dark,
Pulp Cthulhu's first campaign, the Two-Headed Serpent,
and of course, he is one of the good friends of Jackson Elias
over on the absolutely delightful podcast,
The Good Friends of Jackson Elias.
Thanks for joining us, Scott.
Oh, well, thank you so much for inviting me, Zach.
This is a great pleasure,
and I am looking forward to putting you through hell.
Yeah, that's what we like to hear.
Ooh, love being on the other side of it.
Can you give us a quick rundown of who you are
for the people listening at home and what you do?
Yes, okay.
Or I can just say everything I just said again.
No, no, I can introduce myself.
I'm a big boy.
Yes.
So, yes, I'm Scott Dorward.
I am a writer and editor.
I've worked primarily on Call of Cthulhu products,
but done work on a number of other RPGs.
I do a bunch of podcasting,
as well as The Good Friends of Jackson Elias,
which Zach mentioned.
I'm also a cast member on the How We Roll podcast
and a semi-regular on Ain't Slayed Nobody.
So, yeah, I am.
I get around, but yes, it is.
Well, we're glad to have you as our bedfellow this evening
running The Bleak Prospect here.
To lead our nightmares.
Yes. Well, thank you very much.
Yeah, this scenario, Bleak Prospect,
comes from the Chaosium publication Nameless Horrors,
which was the first book that Matt Sanderson, Paul Fricker,
and I, The Good Friends of Jackson Elias,
did for Chaosium some years back.
And, yeah, this is not a happy scenario,
but I'm sure we can find a few laughs in there,
even if they're just sort of bitter laughs of despair.
You can rely on us for those, for sure.
Excellent.
So the scenario takes place in November of 1932.
The setup is that you are all residents of the same shanty town
on the outskirts of a town called Crawley in Massachusetts.
The residents of the shanty town, or Hooverville as it's often known as,
are all people who have fallen through the cracks of society
in the Great Depression.
The Great Depression has been going on for a couple of years now
and things are bleak.
This shanty town is perhaps a little more afflicted than most, however,
because as well as the normal depredations of poverty and homelessness,
you're also having to contend with a mystery disease
that is going through the camp as well.
The illness is proving hard to pin down.
Dr. Coombs, who we'll get to in a moment,
has been doing some work on trying to research it and understand it
and maybe find some way of helping the people who are afflicted.
The main symptoms seem to be lethargy, muscle wasting,
perhaps flaking skin, and just general sickness.
People are just run down.
The effect on the camp is varied.
Some people, like the player characters, are very much in the walking wooded category.
They're still functioning, even if they're not feeling tip-top.
Others, however, are beginning to suffer quite badly.
There are one or two, in fact one in particular,
who we'll come to when we introduce Dr. Coombs, who is doing very badly indeed.
On top of all this, there are all sorts of weird stories going around the camp.
There are a few kids who live in the camp, and they tell odd stories
of how there are things going on at night,
that people have been seen in the camp at night who don't live there,
strange people, people who don't have faces.
But this is the kind of story that kids tell,
so I'm sure there's nothing to it and you have nothing to worry about.
You usually don't in these kind of games.
And I think this probably gives us a good opportunity to introduce the player characters.
Shall we go around in turn and just say who you're playing
and what has brought you to living in the shanty town?
Do you want to start, Zach?
My name is Frederick Mellon I,
and I've been living in this Hoover town pretty much since its inception.
I was a very, very bitter old man,
just living in the city scrounging about my way,
spending my time sending my fingers into another men's pockets,
and just trying to get by as best that I could.
But now, now I live in the same world as everybody else,
and it's nice, they've seen my side of things,
and I'm showing them the dark ways of the world as well.
So I'm here in this little Hooverville just trying to teach my fellow man how to scrape by,
by digging into all those around who have so, so much.
Because the world, it's a terrible fucking place.
But if you put a smile on, you just forget and forget about it,
then everything's gonna be okay, okay, all right, hey!
Perfect.
Can we see if Zach's character has a face?
I'm not entirely convinced that it's not just a mask or painted on,
but yeah, he has what appears to be a face.
So, Joe, do you want to introduce your character next?
Sure.
Say exactly what I said.
Yeah.
I'm Frederick Mellon the First.
Fuck, this is embarrassing.
I'm a burglar.
Shit.
Don't you hate it when that happens?
Yeah.
I'm Nathaniel Coombs.
I'm the local, I guess, doctor around here.
I was the head of the Bentham Hospital back in the day,
and then the crash hit, and I fell with it, man.
I ended up right there at the bottom.
And if things weren't bad then, I got sick, I got this thing,
I got this thing I just can't figure out.
It's making me, it's giving me blackouts.
I can't find the will to move around some days.
It's just, and everybody here, everybody seems to be getting it,
and I just, I can't figure it out.
I just, I wish I was better.
I wish I could just figure it out.
I wish I could help them all, but I just can't get it.
I don't know what it is.
I spend my day doing what I can with nothing,
and my old protégé, Dr. Cavendish, he comes and helps sometimes,
and there's, of course, Billy.
He keeps everybody's spirits up around here as much as he can,
but I just, I wish I could lick this thing.
I don't know what to do.
Nice.
Lethargy, blacking out?
Do I have this disease?
Oh, boy.
Oh, and finally.
Yeah, if you've been hanging around the shantytown a while,
you probably know me.
I'm Thomas Dolan.
My story's not too dissimilar from Nathaniel's, from Dr. Coombes.
I was doing good before the Depression.
I had worked my way out of poverty.
I'm a second-generation Irish immigrant,
and I built more than my father had before me.
I did it straight, unlike a lot of people in my neighborhood,
and things were going good.
I weathered the storm a little better than most.
I was crawling my way back up.
I was almost living like normal again,
and then, like Nathaniel, I came down.
I came down with this sickness,
and it just took everything from me.
It weakened me.
At that point, it was almost like my partner,
my business partner, was energized.
He started succeeding in everything I failed at,
and, well, he's got the business now,
and here I am sitting with all of you.
So, yeah, I kind of want to help the doctor here in any way I can,
because what's eating away at me on the inside
is eating away at a lot of people in this camp,
and it's not right.
Nice.
Well, it is a cold November morning.
The camp is beginning to come to life.
People are getting up and about
and performing their morning routines, such as they are.
There's a group of people who are out making a campfire
where they're going to boil up some used coffee grounds
and possibly some old roots that they've dug up
to make what passes for coffee around here.
There are a few people who are cooking
what supplies they've managed to salvage
or, in some cases, buy to make some breakfast.
And in the medical shack,
Dr. Coombs is busy looking after a patient.
For the last couple of days, you've had Harold Priestley there.
He is a former journalist who worked at the Crawl Examiner,
but he and his wife have been at the camp for some time,
and Harold, out of all the patients you've had here,
has been the worst hit with whatever this disease is.
This morning, you're fairly certain
that this is going to be his last day.
His breathing has been extremely labored.
You can hear, oh, maybe what sounds like a death rattle in his lungs,
but it's not quite like any death rattle you've heard before.
It doesn't have that wet, phlegmy sound.
It's a more dry, rasping rattle.
Which seems to correspond with all the other symptoms you've seen recently.
He is not just dehydrated.
I mean, you've had trouble getting him to retain fluids,
but it's more than dehydrated.
He's desiccated.
His skin is flaking.
And this morning, you swear a couple of the times
when he's had trouble breathing and coughed,
you've seen a little cloud of dust come out of his mouth.
Has Nathaniel seen other people die from this disease yet,
or is this the first time it's actually...
No.
Yeah, it looks like this is the first patient
you're going to lose to whatever this is.
Wow, you must feel like a real shitty doctor, Joe.
But at this stage, there's not really much else you can do for him
other than palliative care.
He is beyond any help.
His wife has been sitting in a little chair beside him
for most of the night.
And she's fallen asleep at this stage, and the exhaustion has just got to her.
But with the noise outside, she's beginning to stir.
Her name's Agatha.
They're both actually fairly young,
though you wouldn't think of it to look at Harold at the moment.
They're both in their 30s.
But he looks like, if you didn't know otherwise,
you'd think that he was in his 60s at least,
just from the effect on his skin.
Yeah, as he goes into this latest coughing fit,
she stirs and she takes hold of his hand.
There's this sort of cracking sound,
and she jumps back in alarm,
and you can see a couple of his fingers just drop to the ground
and bounce across the floor.
Holy shit.
OK, before you've had a chance to do anything else, let's have a sand roll.
I dig it.
Start as we mean to go on.
I pass a 30 on a 40.
OK, you're a doctor.
You have seen some weird shit over the years.
Maybe not this weird.
He's got the old dropy fingers.
Yeah, he's seen lots of fingers just drop to the floor.
But yeah, you can see that his hand has actually fractured slightly,
that there's bits of bone fragment poking out through this desiccated flesh,
his hands trembling a little bit.
One of the fingers where it's dropped on the ground,
the desiccated flesh has dropped away from it a bit,
revealing bone there.
Harold Priestley himself just doesn't seem to have noticed any of this.
He's still staring up at the ceiling.
I want to lean over him, and do I have anything I can shine a light?
I want to see if he responds to light.
Harold, are you still in there?
Yeah, you don't have the proper medical equipment that you used to have,
but you've certainly got an electric flashlight that you can shine in there.
It's a bit brute force, but it's better than nothing.
And yeah, you shine that.
And not only do his eyes not respond,
but you see with all this dust that he's been coughing up,
that there is actually a thin patina of dust across his corneas
that he's not blinking off.
But he's still breathing at this point?
Yeah.
I'll check if he's breathing at this point.
Yeah, it is very, very labored, but he is breathing.
Agatha, understandably at this stage, is freaking the fuck out.
She is screaming, she is crying,
she is demanding to know what the hell is going on with her husband.
I want to try and calm her down,
but my point in calming her down is to say,
Agatha, I'm sorry to say this might be your last chance
to say anything you need to say to Harold.
He doesn't have much longer.
If you'd like to say anything, now would be the time.
Oh, God. Oh, God.
If you say so, Doctor.
And she leans over him, and she's obviously trying very gingerly
to find some way of holding onto him without damaging him further.
And you can see, I mean, as she's leaning over him,
there's tears dropping off her face,
and where they're dropping onto his skin,
they're just leaving little gouges as they run down.
Oh, wow. Holy shit.
So, while you're dealing with that situation,
let's cut outside to...
Yeah, let's go to Frederick, first of all.
So, what's Frederick's morning routine?
What does he normally do when he first gets up?
The camera kind of pans across the Hoover Town,
and you see some children playing.
You don't see Frederick Mellon the first
because he is hiding inside a half-rotted-out metal barrel
that they used to make fires for some time
until it eventually disintegrated and was no longer useful,
so it's kind of half-rolled over.
And he is inside waiting for these kids
to get just close enough for him to just pop out
and scare the shit out of them.
He's just trying to really, really give them a show.
And as soon as their eyes are massive,
he holds out a single-dollar bill.
Hey, my kiddies, kiddies, kiddies, hey, hey, hey.
The world has joy.
Joy for you, joy for me.
Okay, now, I want you to take this dollar, okay?
Mister, that's a whole dollar.
Yes, take it.
That's a whole dollar.
Yeah.
And with that...
Yeah, that's right.
With that, the three kids start fighting over the dollar
in a very spirited way.
You notice, actually, that with the group of kids,
I mean, there are kids of various ages throughout the camp,
and there's normally four of them
who travel around in this particular group.
I mean, the camp's only got about 15 people in it,
so there aren't that many kids.
But there's a group of four kids
that normally go around and do all the mischief,
and there only seem to be three of them here today.
There's one of the girls, Esther.
Hey, wait, hey, where's Benji?
It's Esther who's missing.
Oh, where's Esther?
Yeah, the other kids look up
and sort of half pay attention to what he's saying.
I always get her and Benji confused.
And then go back to fighting over the dollar
because they haven't seen the whole dollar
for a very long time.
So he kind of raises it up, and he's like,
okay, okay, I was gonna give it to you,
but now you gotta work for it
by answering me a question, all right?
Now, where is this Esther?
Where's your friend who runs around with you?
Haven't seen her yet, Mister.
Oh, you mean you haven't seen her yet?
You've been going around the town with her every day,
and now just today she's gone.
Yeah, do you like that change?
One of the little boys looks up and says,
oh, maybe she's sick, Mister.
Give us the dollar.
He looks off into the distance,
kind of coughing slightly to himself
as he just holds the dollar out and hands it to him.
A smile just grows across his face
as he watches the kids.
Yeah, well, little Benji grabs the dollar bill
out of your hand
and goes running off down the camp
with the other two kids chasing him
in, let's say, a playful manner,
but the same kind of playful manner
as you'd expect from hungry dogs.
Yeah.
He's optimistic.
Well, yeah, the way our own children
might play someday if we're lucky.
Whoa!
But the girl that you noticed was missing, Esther,
she lives with her mother,
a woman called Mrs. Frain,
who you may know as Maureen,
is in one of the tents nearby.
The mother, Mrs. Frain, is a widow.
Her husband killed himself a little while back.
She used to come from money,
and you know that she's very protective of her daughter,
but at the same time, she's been quite ill
with the disease that's going on around here.
I mean, Esther, as far as you know,
has been one of the healthier people in the camp,
and it's really unusual not to see her up and about.
I mean, her mother's been bedridden for a little while,
but Esther definitely should be up and about at this stage.
Frederick Mellon I will go check in just to say hello.
Kind of, he's curious, so he's just going to kind of poke around
where his nose shouldn't be.
Well, you go over to the tent,
and the flap on the tent is open slightly.
They never see me coming in.
I'm very stealthy.
So Luke can't make it to one game,
and you're like, we need a monster.
I am playing a nice, optimistic,
old man who joyfully slinks and creeps through the shadows
and pits children against each other.
He's practically a Disney character.
I've been watching, and I enjoy the way Luke plays a game.
Have you watched the way it affects the other players?
Well, I'm currently progressing the story.
Thank you, Tommy.
That's true.
So, yes, you take a look inside the tent,
and in there you can see that there are two cots that have been set up.
Well, I say cots.
I mean, they're fairly makeshift things
that have been cobbled together out of spare wood and whatever cloth
and, in some cases, newspaper they've managed to get hold of.
But let's call them cots.
And one of them is empty.
In fact, it looks almost undisturbed.
The other one has got Maureen Frayn lying in it.
And you're not sure whether she's alive or dead.
She is, at the very least, badly injured.
There is blood down her face,
and it looks like someone has bludgeoned her.
There's blood splattered all over her sheets.
And, yeah, she does not look in a good way.
Frederick Mellon is frozen in the doorway when he sees this,
unable to decide what to do.
He is just going to give the room a quick once-over
to decide, A, if there is any, like, fight put up,
any sort of distress actions happening in this room,
and B, to see if anyone other than her body is still in here.
Okay, I mean, this is a comparatively small tent,
so it would be very difficult for someone to be hiding in here
and for you not to see them.
But as far as trying to discern the details of what happened goes,
let's have a spot hidden role.
This seems like the perfect opportunity for a spot hidden role.
16 on a 55.
Okay, yeah, that's a hard success.
So, yeah, you notice a few things then.
As far as the state of Maureen is concerned,
you reckon, for a start, that she's still alive.
You can see her chest rising and falling slightly,
but there's, like I say, a fairly nasty head wound.
The other things you clock are that Esther's bed,
like I say, I mean, seems to be largely unmade,
but perhaps more unusually, the thick winter coat that she had
that is obviously fairly vital at this time of year
is still there beside her bed, as are her shoes.
So, you know, if she is up and about or outside the tent,
on a cold November morning like this without her coat and shoes,
that's not going to be good for her.
The other thing you notice, seeing as you've got a hard success,
is there is something tucked underneath Maureen Frayn's bed,
and it's wrapped up in cloth, but it must have been disturbed
when whatever happened last night happened,
and you can see that she does have what looks like a fairly nice,
a very expensive-looking shotgun tucked under her bed.
Yeah, he's going to leave that be.
See, Thomas? Not necessarily playing the exact same way
as one Luke might.
No, no, I was just saying you're playing a character who's a dickhead.
Oh, he's so nice, though. You'll get to know him.
You'll get to know him. It'll be fine.
Definitely should have grabbed the shotgun just now.
He is going to just kind of slink back out
and walk quickly toward the doctor's abode.
Okay, yeah, yes, the medical shack that he's...
Wherever he might be working.
There is a shack that Dr. Coombs has set up.
It's not where he lives. He lives in a tent just next to it,
but he's got a shack which serves as, I guess, a sort of field hospital
that has got a couple of cots in it
and has got what equipment he's managed to salvage
or get from various sources, what medical equipment and drugs and so on.
And so, yeah, you can make your way over there.
Before we deal with that, however, let's check in with Mr. Dolan.
Thomas Dolan, how you doing?
What's Thomas Dolan's morning routine?
Is he up and about at this time?
In his old life, he would have been,
but he's tired in the mornings a lot of times,
so he might be just dragging himself out of his shack right about this time
and seeing if anybody around the campfires has some extra coffee.
Okay, yeah. I mean, the campfire is pretty much outside your shack,
and you make your way over there,
and there are only a couple of people sitting there.
There's Dr. Rothstein, who you know was some kind of university lecturer,
who's sitting there, warming his hands.
He's making the coffee at the moment.
And also sitting opposite him is a young woman who you know.
Her name is Nancy, Nancy Carver.
And she worked in a lawyer's office, you think, before everything went south.
And she is sitting there with an absolutely vacant look in her eyes.
She's just looking at the flames,
and you can see that there is actually, in the back of her hair and on her coat,
there are some ice crystals there
that suggest that she might actually have been sitting there all night.
Nance, are you all right there? Nance?
She doesn't look at you, but she starts just twitching a little bit.
Her eyes just go a bit wider, and she looks at the fire more,
and then she forces herself to look up and looks over at you.
What happened? Why is it light?
Where am I? Where am I? Where am I?
You're in the Hooverville, Nance. You're around the fire.
There's me, Thomas Dolan, and there's Rothstein right there.
What do you think you are?
Rothstein looks up and just sort of grunts and then goes back to making the coffee.
I was here. I was here. I was here last night.
Why can't I remember? Why can't I remember, Thomas?
Why can't I remember? What do they do to me?
Who? Who, Nance? Who did what to you?
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
They were here last night. They did something, Thomas.
They did something, Thomas.
Those little fucking urchins.
I don't know. Are they? Oh, God.
I didn't have faces. I didn't have faces.
Rothstein, are you hearing what she's saying?
Has she been like this all morning?
Oh, yes. Yeah, she's been like this all morning.
She just taps the side of his head and then goes back to making the coffee.
Can I do a, I was going to say a psychology check, but I don't know if that would.
Do I, this, I mean, it sounds fantastical. Do I believe her?
Oh, I see. Yeah, that would be psychology, definitely. Yeah.
No, 76 on a, I think it's a 40.
Okay. I mean, yeah, she is obviously upset.
I mean, even without the role, I mean, it seems unlikely that she'd be lying about something like this.
I mean, she seems genuinely upset, but.
Yeah, but it's the 30s, so we don't believe victims yet.
There is that.
Shit, fucking Rothstein, she's been like this all fucking morning and you've just been sitting here making coffee?
Look at this, there's ice all over the back of her fucking head.
I've just been here 10 minutes. I'm making the coffee.
I went and got, I got some roots. I added them to the coffee.
You know, the grounds are, grounds are all moldy today.
Grounds are all moldy.
All right, Rothstein, I go and I grab a blanket to put around her, around her back where all the ice is.
And yeah, she's, she's muttering, she's muttering something about a puppet now.
Do I, do I know anything about her, her life? Does she have any puppets?
Was she in vaudeville?
No, no, like I say, she works in the lawyer's office.
Nance, what do you, what do you mean puppets? What are you talking about? These fucking puppets?
They had a puppet. Yeah, it was a puppet, wasn't it? They had a puppet last night.
And my God, Thomas, they made it sing. And she just bursts into floods of tears.
At this point, I feel like I'm convinced she's talking about a vaudeville show.
It's like, all right, well, Nance is off a rocker. I don't know if that's, you know, so out of character.
It is, actually.
Well, these are hard times. Everybody gets a little weird.
Oh, yeah.
Dolan is definitely confused by this, but I don't think he clocks it as, as supernatural or anything.
It just seems like a drunk woman in the depression.
Yeah, that seems entirely reasonable.
And at this point, you see Mellon walking past you, would it be fair to say with purposeful stride, heading towards the medical tent?
Rarely. Is he purposeful? So in this moment, it seems strange.
Freddie, where are you going?
I gotta go say hi to Dr. Combs. Maureen got hit on the head.
Maureen got hit on the head. I think Nance might have got hit on the head, too. She's being fucking wacky.
Why don't I...
Take her or leave her. Let's go tell him.
Let's walk her on down there.
So Mellon will kind of bow very deeply and tip his cap to the woman that Dolan is helping up.
And then we'll try to hold her arm up on the other side to help her walk.
And we skip away.
And you lead her into the medical shack where you can see Agatha Priestley leaning over the very badly ill-looking form of her husband.
You can see what appear to be a couple of fingers lying on the ground. The side of Priestley's face is melting slightly.
There is a death rattle coming from his lungs. And what's Dr. Combs doing while all this is happening?
If he sees them walk in, he would like to try and create a privacy barrier if there's a curtain or something I can draw.
Yeah, sure.
To try and pull that closed and meet them past the curtain. Give Agatha and Harold privacy.
Okay.
Thomas Dolan even is just looking at the fingers that are peeking out under the privacy curtain.
Yes. They're hard to miss.
Gentlemen, how can I help you? I'm in the middle of something back here.
Doc, are those his fucking fingers?
He turns around and looks and sees that they're pretty clearly visible.
The curtain hangs like a foot off the ground.
Yeah, those are his face. He's not long for this world. Let's give them some privacy and I'll try and usher them a little further away from that area.
What's going on here, guys?
Well, Nancy's gone wackadoodle and Freddie says, what'd you see, Freddie?
Yeah, well, I was just saying that, you know, my pals, my pallys, they were hopping about around the camp and Esther wasn't with them.
So I went to see if she was home with Maureen and turns out Maureen, big old gash on her head.
You know, so definitely needs to be checked out for sure. But, you know, not awake maybe.
Was she, she was still alive when you saw her, though?
I think her chest was moving with breath.
Nathaniel's going to start gathering up a doctor's bag. And Nance, why are you here? Are you feeling all right?
The short answer is no, doctor.
They made it sing.
They made what sing, Nance?
Doc, maybe you ought to put that puppet behind you out of view.
I think that thing's going to freak her out.
Little Gregory? What's the problem with Little Gregory?
Well, I mean, we can see the fingers under the curtain and then Little Gregory's just staring right at her.
And she's had a fairly traumatic puppet-related experience in the past.
And also, just having a puppet of Rasputin seems very strange.
It's a little old-fashioned at this point.
Nathaniel grabs a little towel and throws it over Little Gregory.
All right, Nance, let's get you warmed up. Let's have you get over here by this fire.
And he goes and grabs an unused blanket to wrap around her and gets her right up close to the fire.
Is my little buddy Billy in the tent right now?
No, he hasn't turned up yet this morning.
Is that your other puppet?
Is there anybody in the medical tent that I could, like, leave to keep an eye on things here if I left?
No, it would just be Agatha, Harold, and, well, Nancy. So, just patience and, well, and Agatha.
I'm going to pop my head into the privacy curtain and tell Agatha, Agatha, I gotta run out for a second.
It sounds like somebody's hurt. I'll be back as soon as I can.
If anything happens, you can come and find me. I'm going to be over at Maureen's place.
Nancy's sitting in here. She's going to warm up a little bit. I'll be back as soon as I can.
Yeah, she doesn't seem to have noticed a single word you said.
Okay. And then, yeah, just set up my sign that's like the doctor will be back in five minutes or whatever, ten minutes.
And I'll let the guys lead me to, or whoever wants to go with me, lead me to Maureen's tent.
With my doctor's bed, whatever I can, whatever I have that I would take to a little field call.
Call it a hunch, but I think we should maybe stick together from this point on out.
Frederick Mellon will lead you guys into the tent and as he walks in, he's going to kind of push the gun more out of sight with his foot.
As he kind of lays his hand about to show off the body of Maureen and be like,
look, this is exactly how I found her and look over there, points at the jacket and the shoes of Esther.
I have no words. I mean, Esther doesn't have another pair of shoes. She doesn't have another coat.
That is the most alarming thing about this site.
Where is she though? Thomas.
Thomas Dolan is crossing himself.
Nathaniel looks over to Thomas and says, you didn't happen to see Esther on your way to get me this morning, did you?
I surely did not.
And then he's going to, yeah, Nathaniel is going to start doctoring Maureen.
Okay.
Trying to stabilize her and see if I can tell what happened and all that kind of stuff.
Yeah, give me a first aid roll then.
That's a pass of 45 on a 70.
Okay. So, yeah, you can stabilize her. She is going to need proper medical attention.
She has taken a very nasty head wound. At the very least, she's got a concussion.
She's drifting in and out of consciousness and she's not really with it at the moment.
Ideally, she should be in the hospital, but you know the hospital will take her.
But at the very least, you reckon you're going to have to take her back to the shack and try to get her into some kind of decent condition.
Maureen, can you hear me? Can you walk? Are you able to walk? You're taking a nasty blow to the head here. We need to get to my tent.
She just groans and then says, Esther, where's Esther?
We don't know, Maureen. Have you seen her? When's the last time you saw her?
No, no. I don't know. I woke up last night and there were men in the tent and, oh God, she puts her hand up towards her head.
Did you recognize these men, Maureen?
No, no. And she reaches her hand up towards her head and then just passes out again.
I turn to Frederick and Thomas. I'm going to need to get her back to the medical tent.
Help me carry her back to the tent, Mr. Mellon.
Done.
When you get there, Agatha is sitting back down in the chair and she's in floods of tears.
I peek behind the curtain to see, is Harold still with us?
Yeah, you take a look and you can check his life signs, I guess. If you'd listen with a stethoscope, there's no breathing, there's no heartbeat.
You'd listen for a few moments just to make sure. There's definitely no heartbeat.
And then as you listen, you hear a sort of scratching sound.
I listen more intently, trying to locate where that scratching sound's coming from.
Yeah, you move the stethoscope down a little bit, and as you move it down towards the abdomen, the scratching gets louder.
Medical training never trained me for inner scratching. Hang on one second.
What is a ringtone?
It's Joe's doorbell.
Oh.
Sure thing, give me one second. Oh, can you just leave it at the stoop there? Thank you very much.
Sorry about that.
Who's coming by?
It was a package. I don't know. That's never happened to me before. They don't ever ring my bell to deliver me a package.
Do you need to go and pick it up?
No, I'm good for now.
Are you sure? What if it's really cool?
Yeah, I'll go get it. I think it might be dice, actually.
Oh shit, go get him and I'll go to the bathroom real quick. You go get your dice.
All right, I'll run down real quick.
Let's get him.
This is so spooky.
Good, good, good, good.
Yeah, this is excellent.
Oh, glad you're enjoying it.
I really am.
We were in a very heated moment before my bell rang.
I was hearing a scratching and scratching from inside a thing I should not be hearing a scratching and scratching coming from.
Scratching and a scratching.
Moving down the abdomen.
So, yes, as you move the stethoscope down the abdomen, that sound of scratching gets louder and more distinct.
Not knowing anything about scratching and scratching coming from inside the body.
He's going to look for external sources and maybe like under the bed and see if that's if there's something underneath there or something.
No, no, of course not.
It's coming from inside the body.
It definitely is.
The call is coming from inside the body.
Can I see any like protrusion or anything like any from the outside?
No, no, you can't.
One of the side effects really of this desiccation of Priestly's flesh is that even prodding it and poking it.
Yeah, there's no elasticity.
It's quite rigid now.
I'm going to try and tell Agatha to leave the room.
She's in this room with us, right?
Oh, absolutely.
Yeah. Yeah.
She's sitting down in a chair, but behind the privacy barrier that you've erected.
And so she's on the same side as you and the body at the moment.
Agatha, if you could step out of the room, please.
I'll make sure that Harold here is cared for.
We'll arrange funeral arrangements together here in just a bit.
Just step outside that curtain there for me.
Freddie, could you see the widow Priestly out?
I mean, Mrs. Priestly?
I am Mrs. Priestly.
Agatha does not seem to be aware of anything that's going on around her at the moment.
She has shut down completely.
Does she...
This is kind of...
I should have asked this a long time ago.
Is she terribly affected by this disease also or is she kind of doing okay?
She's affected by it, but nowhere near as badly as her husband was.
Right. Okay.
Yeah, fellas, if you could try to get her out of here.
Yeah, let's take Mrs. Priestly out of here.
And I grab one arm and wait for Mr. Mellon to grab the other.
We're getting pretty good at this, yeah?
Yeah.
We could maybe pull off, you know, some kind of weekend-up-and-nod situation after this.
When they get her out of the room, my doctor's curiosity is going to grab a scalpel and see if I can find out what's going on with that scrichin inside there.
So, yeah, you sort of hitch up his pajama top and you can isolate, using the stethoscope, the area where the scratching is coming from.
Now, when it comes to cutting into the area, because of the desiccated nature of the flesh, it's not like cutting into flesh normally is.
It's cracking and crumbling as you're doing so.
Yeah, there's no blood, there's no fluid coming out, and there's just chunks of what was his abdominal wall falling away.
And inside you catch sight, first of all, of something colorful.
I mean, you think perhaps initially it's one of his internal organs because it is sort of glistening and iridescent, but no, it's not that.
And there's another one, another one, these little round things.
And then in amongst this clutch of these little iridescent round objects, you can see something wriggling.
Something, I mean, it's only a couple of inches long, but it's sort of cucumber shaped, but there are little barbs or spikes coming off it.
And it lifts its front end up towards you and the whole thing irises out, and you can see this sort of mouth with all these little sharp teeth.
And suddenly this sound that sounds an awful lot like a baby crying coming from it.
Let's have a sound roll.
No!
What?
No, Scott, what?
That's a good old fashioned fail on that sound roll, baby. 64 on a 40.
OK, so I'll roll you a sand loss here because I enjoy this.
So you only lose three points of sand, but I think as an involuntary action, you stagger back and just, you can't help yourself.
You stagger back and unconsciously just try to support yourself by grabbing onto the nearest thing you can, which unfortunately is the privacy curtain that you set up.
And as you put your weight on it, you just crack the pole that it was on. The whole thing comes down.
As you land down heavily on the ground, crushing one of the fingers beneath you as you do so.
And the rest of you from outside can hear this cracking wood sound.
And then a moment later from the other side of the privacy curtain, the sound of Nancy Carver screaming as she can see the things wriggling around inside the remains of Harold Priestley's abdomen.
Oh, shit. I mean, Nathaniel's going to try his hardest to regain composure and get people out away from that crazy, scary stuff, like ushering people out of the tent.
Nancy has had such a bad 24 hours.
Okay. So, yeah, it doesn't take a lot to convince Nancy to get out of the medical shack at this stage.
Oh, fuck.
Where's Maureen? We brought her in.
Yeah. Have we successfully gotten her out the door?
Yes. Well, no, no. It was Agatha you took out. I assume Maureen is lying down on the other cot at the moment.
It's too late for you!
Mercifully, at this stage, Maureen seems to be unconscious.
Are the wriggling things moving anywhere or are they just staying inside the body cavity?
Well, there's one wriggling thing and it's clutch.
Well, looking around inside, yeah, it's not crawling out of the abdomen yet. It's not moving particularly fast.
And you can see the ruptured remains of one of these, what you realize are now eggs, which seems to be what this has come out of.
And as you're looking around at the other sort of iridescent shapes there, you can see dark shapes moving around within those.
Oh, no. How big are your boots? Start stomping.
Yeah, I could like tip him over, I guess. Yeah, I want to try that. I want to try and tip him over onto his front so that those things are kind of captured in his body cavity. They can't get out.
You start trying to tip him a bit and almost immediately you can hear the cracks and crunches from his desiccated flesh.
You tip him up slightly and his right arm just breaks off and lands on the ground.
Fingers scattering everywhere.
Oh, shoot. I'm going to yell out for Frederick and Dolan.
Because why should you be the only one to lose that?
That is the true motto of the Call of Cthulhu player.
Fellas, I need help in here. We have a problem. I need help. I need help.
Oh, yeah. Let's go help the duck.
We both promptly drop Agatha Priestly on the ground.
Sorry. Sounds like an emergency.
There is an apple crate you can sit her down on if you want to be more gentlemanly about the whole thing.
No time. The duck sound panicked.
Hurriedly walk her over, sit her down, jump cut.
Yeah. It's us bursting through the door. What's up, duck?
Got it. There's some sort of parasite here and it's nothing like I've ever seen before, but we got to keep it contained. We can't let it get into the community.
Like worms. All the kids here got worms. I got worms.
You have a basement?
Nathaniel wide-eyed is saying, yeah, worms. Sure, worms is it. Yeah, something like it.
Freddy, it looks like from the doctor's eyes, these are bad worms. Not just regular worms.
All right, duck. What can we do? What can we do to help the community?
Do we, do I, does Nathaniel know, how do we have, have we disposed of other kinds of bodies or things here before? Is there a, is there a, is there a crematorium or a place that we can burn a body or something? Destroy a body?
There is no, not destroy a body. There's a potter's field in Crawley for paupers burials where when people have died at the camp before they've been buried there.
Probably just crawling with aliens.
But yeah, I mean, if it comes to safely disposing of what you'd consider perhaps to be a biohazard, the only facility you know of to do that is the, the incinerator at the hospital.
So doc, do you think we got to get this whole guy incinerated or just these worms?
I kind of investigate the body, but I, but Joe thinks just the, just the eggs and the, but I don't know what a doctor would say if maybe they've taken root elsewhere in the body.
It just looks like he's really fallen apart. Maybe we can stick them all in a bag.
I thought Agatha was in pieces.
We just, uh, we've, we've, we've got to, we've got to get these. It looks like, it looks like eggs of some kind. We just got to, we got to destroy these somehow.
And, uh, and look out for that, that one. It's got teeth.
Which one?
And he's, he's pointing to the one that's still, I think, warming around in the body cavity.
Yeah. And as you point that out to the others, that's a good opportunity for both of you to make sand rolls.
Come with me.
Ooh, 32 on a 40.
Yeah, 15 on a 75. Thomas Dolan crosses himself and it works.
Okay. So neither of you lose any sand. You're both reacting to this much better than the doctor did.
Gross.
Yeah, it's real gnarly doc, but, uh, like I said, all the kids poop poop shit about that gnarly every other day around here.
So the world is disgusting.
Uh, so yeah, Nathaniel's going to start trying to find maybe a, like a bag that he would use for like biohazard type stuff, uh, in trails or whatever, a way to dispose and start trying to shove.
I don't know. I mean,
No, Thomas Dolan just passes you his, uh, his hobo bindle.
Nathaniel's kind of scared of the, not kind of very scared of the thing with teeth. So like, is there a way that I can scoop these eggs carefully? Does it, does it seem aggressive if I get near it?
Aggressive. I mean, it's difficult to tell. I mean, it's not moving that fast, but you know, as you examine it, it certainly seems to take an interest in you in return.
I'm going to, I'm going to try and just pick, pick eggs quickly as if, as if, I don't know, like, uh, if I was trying to grab something from behind a spider, I'm trying to just really quickly grab things and get my fingers away from it.
You know, like a spider's gold.
While you don't have a lot of medical equipment here, I mean, it is fair to say that you probably got something like tweezers and forceps and stuff like that you can use so you don't, so you don't have to use your bare hands.
Sure.
More like a scalpel to stab the little fucker.
I don't, I don't know if I'm murderous of it yet. I think there's still a part of me that's wondering about this could be the key to solving whatever this parasite I now think is a parasite in the community is.
And if you wanted to keep the samples, I mean, you've got your Mason jars and stuff like that. So you could, you could certainly keep them.
Let's do that. Let's do a Mason jar.
So as Frederick Mellon, the first and Thomas Dolan are like, I'm picturing us kind of on opposite sides, walking in circling it with, uh, with our, with our knapsacks combs is quickly darting his fingers in trying to grab it, uh, and then decides in that split second to, to collect.
And so we'll kind of back off or help you with the Mason jars.
Yeah. So I mean, yeah, between using forceps and a Mason jar, you can gather up the specimens without any real risk.
And yeah, I mean, without fully dissecting or demolishing the remains of, uh, of Mr. Priestly, there's no real way of telling whether you've got all the eggs, but you've certainly got a fair number of them.
You've got about a half dozen plus this hatch specimen. Gross.
I hold up the jar to the guys. Fellas, this, this, this, uh, this could be the key. This could be, this could be what it is. This could be the thing that is afflicting us all.
You're saying that's what's inside of me right now? That's why I feel like shit and I lost my business? Is that little fucker right there?
It's, it's now, it's now my newest theory. Yeah.
Can I squash it?
And I don't, I don't know. I need to run some tests. I need to, I need to know if there's a way to make these not be.
All right, doc. Well, as sure as, as soon as you're sure of that, just let me know when I can squash that.
OK, so, yeah, I mean, you put the jar down and at the same time, obviously, you know, Maureen Frayn is drifting in and out of consciousness.
You've got Agatha Priestly, who's outside, who is now just wandering around, just trying to get her bearings.
You've got Nancy Carver, who is still in some kind of fugue state.
But yeah, as I mentioned before, I mean, there's also perhaps the, the dawning awareness that you have not seen Billy Spitzer this morning at all.
Where, where, where's, where's Billy?
I could, I could use, I could use help here today of all days.
Frederick, Dolan, have you, you guys, you guys seen Billy today?
Uh, no, a lot of people, uh, nobody's seen around the camp today, so.
He might be with, with Esther, perhaps. Where, where would they have gone?
Do you want me to go check his tent or?
Yeah, yeah, let's do that, let's see, let's.
Wherever they must, well, I, if Esther didn't need shoes or a coat, then if we get there and Billy's shoes and coat are also there, then we know they're together, right?
I'm not a doctor, I'm not a fucking Sherlock Holmes. I'm a successful textile industrialist. I'll defer to the experts.
If, uh, if, if, if Billy's, if Billy's at home, then this is, he'll be able to come over here, help me out. We can make some headway here.
Yeah, like I said, I'm not a fucking detective, but it seems like going to Billy's house would be a really good first step.
Let's go, yeah, let's, let's go, let's go check on Billy.
Okay, yeah, you go over to Billy's tent and, again, it looks like there's been a struggle. There's no blood here, but, you know, the insides of it look like it's been ransacked and there's no sign of Billy.
Mellon is, like, very perplexed and is just eyeing everything in this tent, trying to figure out what went down, seeing if there's anything out of place, looking for any, any sort of evidence that might lead us to discover who had been here.
Okay, you will give me a spot hidden role, then.
Uh, that would be a 97.
That sounds good. It's high.
At least because your spot hidden's pretty good, that's not a fumble, but you are just blundering around at the moment. You could, you could, if you want, find some way of pushing the role.
So then, Mellon reaches into his coat and puts on his glasses?
Okay. Yeah.
Is that a way to push a role?
Yeah, I think so. And yeah, I think if you fail here, you, you end up scoring.
Can we just say I was playing my character at 40% before this?
What happens? How, how would a push role fail in this scenario with what, with glasses?
Well, it wouldn't be that directly. I think, I think that you would, actually, yeah, I'd be up for the, for you just breaking your glasses.
Take them out and they're cracked.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's a, that's a fail. That's a 73 on a 55.
You shouldn't have spent so much time hiding in burn barrels trying to scare children.
Then, yeah, you pull your glasses out and it looks like, it looks like you slept on them last night. And as you pull them out, you know, the one good lens on there just falls out and lands on the ground.
Frederick Mellon I falls to his knees as one of the former relics of, of, of his, his time on top.
Oh, is that your little artifact?
It comes to be as, as he, and he sees, he sees in the, in the broken shards of glass, the reflections of his days gone by when he could burgle people all over the city and not feel any remorse.
But now he can burgle so few because there are only so few who actually have anything to burgle.
Seeing this very human moment, Thomas Dolan takes out his grandfather's fiddle and plays, plays a mournful tune, but I'm pretty sure he only has 30 in fiddling.
So let's see how well he does.
It's an 11.
He plays a legitimately mournful tune.
Oh, and not something that sounds sarcastic.
Nathaniel doesn't have great investigation skills, but could he maybe take track? Is there, is there any kind of blood spatters? Can I maybe get a feel of maybe a direction that the scuffle took place heading toward?
Yeah, sure. Yeah. I mean, I, I, either spot hidden or track would help there.
I'm going to do a spot hidden.
I hit it. I don't know how that works in this game. I hit, it's 25 on a 25.
Okay. That's fine. That's good.
So yeah, there's nothing that you can spot within the tent itself, but looking around, you can see that, yeah, there does seem to be a bit of a scuffle and certainly drag marks in the now frozen mud outside that indicate that Billy was dragged out of the tent.
I point that out to my compatriots here. It looks like a, it looks like they went this direction, which I think we should, I think we should see where it leads.
Wipes a single tear away from his eye, turns around, stands up, gets back down, stands back up.
Thomas Dolan realizes this old fucker needs help and he helps him get up off the ground.
Thank you. Oh, I really appreciate that. That's, that's really nice. You're such a wise guy. You're just emotionally intelligent.
Thomas Dolan plays a brief song of thanks.
Oh God, your party's got a bard now, hasn't it?
Yeah. Do we get advantage when he's playing?
I've never been a bard, but this might be my only chance.
So Dr. Coombes can see, like I say, the drag marks outside and because the ground has frozen overnight, you can actually see the drag marks preserved and you can follow them if you want.
I assume you want to. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, the drag marks, they meet up with a number of other sets of footprints. You reckon there were maybe like three or four people in the camp last night.
The footprints, they look like men's shoes and I mean, definitely shoes and not boots.
And from the general footprints that you can see, they look like they were probably in relatively good condition, which is unusual for people in the camp.
Yeah, there's a couple of sets of drag marks, like they dragged two people out, and as you follow them, they go up towards the main road, the road that runs between Crawley and Arken.
And you can see that there are some tire tracks there. It looks like there was a car that was parked just off the side of the road that drove off.
And from the angle of the tire tracks, it probably drove off towards Arken or at least away from Crawley, away from the town, out of town.
Damn. It looks like Billy was taken. Why would they take Billy?
Hey, didn't Dr. Rothstein used to work in Arken?
He did.
Well, maybe we can show him around. I mean, maybe he can show us around.
I thought that was just like an old timey phrase.
Is Arken, is it walkable? We would have to have a vehicle to get to Arken, right?
Arken is probably 20 or 30 miles from here. So it's called the Arken Road because that's the direction it heads in. But, you know, Crawley is just like a mile down the road from here, but Arken is a fair way off.
There are a number of things on this road closer than Arken itself.
But the tracks lead off on the Arken Road.
That's right, yeah.
We just don't know that they go all the way.
Yeah, you don't know how far they go. The nearest place on the road from here down that way is the Blue Star Diner, which is where you get your used coffee grounds.
The woman who runs it, Ida, I think she doesn't really like it when people from the Hooverville turn up there.
She certainly won't serve you there because you drive away paying customers. But on the other hand, if she's throwing food and old coffee grounds and stuff like that out, she'll generally let you have it for free.
And then beyond there, there are a number of, I guess, private houses, country houses, whatever you'd want to call them, but the more upmarket houses on the outskirts of town.
What do you think they would have taken Billy and Esther?
I don't know. Did Billy have gambling debts?
I don't think Billy was wrapped up in anything like that. He's kind of been the heart and soul of the place these days.
I mean, he's 14. He's unlikely to have serious gambling debts, but you never know.
Kids grow up fast these days.
How far away is the diner?
The diner's fairly close. I mean, it's like, you know, five minutes walk down the road from here.
And they're open late, I assume?
Oh, yeah.
I suppose we could go see if Ida saw anything last night. Try to get some intel on that since she's close.
That's a good idea.
We can at least see if the tracks, you know, go past there or stop somewhere before there.
Even if not, we can see if she's got any grounds at all.
Because in between here and 30 miles away and last night, there's only going to have been one car that traveled down that road.
So the tracks are going to be really obvious.
Well, one thing that does perhaps stand out is the tracks, or at least the tire marks that you can see.
They're probably not big enough to be a truck, but they certainly look like they're from a car that's bigger than your average car.
Didn't there was that guy in camp who always bragged about his Rolls Royce Phantom?
Oh, yeah. Hyrum. Hyrum Melnick.
Hyrum Melnick.
Should we go see Boston? Should we go see him and see if...
Let's go ask him if those are Rolls Royce Phantom tracks.
Or a big nice car.
You know, I did do a fair amount of brick putting, you know, laying cars upon bricks after taking the tires.
And, you know, I'm fairly well versed in the thick and thin of a tire.
So I could perhaps, you know, maybe put my fingers in this dirt, in this frozen, frozen ice, and just kind of poke around.
And just kind of poke around, poke around, poke, poke.
You've really got to decide where you're from. Or not. It's fine.
I'm from anywhere. I'm from nowhere. I'm Frederick Mellon the foist and I'm from hell. I am going to roll a praise.
You're from Whitechapel via the Bronx.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, just gonna roll a praise and see if I... Oh, 32 under 30.
Well, I'll tell you what. I'd actually accept education on that because, you know, this seems to come under your general sort of professional skills.
Well then, that is a 32 on a 75.
Okay, so that's a hard success.
So it's going to be difficult to tell a specific make and model from just looking at the tire tracks.
But on the other hand, yeah, I mean, you know, you mentioned Hiram's old Rolls Royce.
Yeah, I mean, this could be a Rolls Royce. It could be a big model Cadillac.
I mean, whatever it is, you're fairly certain that, I mean, it's from a luxury car of some kind.
The kind of car that really would stand out.
A big, nice sedan. Not big enough to be a truck, but too big for a Model T.
Yeah.
Well, now we got something to ask our idea about.
Yeah, that's good information. We can check in with Ida to see if she's seen a car like that in the last 24 hours.
Fancy cars parked in the yard.
There it is.
Nice.
We could just go around back. That way we're not bothering her or any of her customers and we could just kind of knock on the door and say what's up.
Yeah, you go down to the Blue Star Diner. This is a classic roadside diner. It's made from a converted railway car.
Yeah, it's obviously open. There's a few cars parked outside.
And you can see that there are people eating, being served in there.
But yeah, going around the back and knocking on the door.
Yeah, Larry, the short older cook, comes and opens up the back door and just goes,
Hey, Larry, Larry.
Why don't we let the doc take this one? I think they might, you know.
Doc, they're nice to you. They give you, you know, they feed you here.
Hey, Larry, it's Dr. Coons.
Yeah.
I was wondering if I could, were you here last night? You might be able to help me.
I was going to talk to Ida, but if you were here last night, I could ask you too.
No.
Would you run and grab Ida for me?
And he shuts the door and goes back inside.
Was that a yes?
For a couple of minutes, you've got no idea whether that was a yes, no, fuck off, whatever.
But then about two minutes later, Ida comes to the back door. She's looking a bit harried.
There's a pencil tucked, and she's got her hair up in a bun, her graying hair.
And she's a fairly round, ruddy-faced woman. She's got a pencil tucked behind her ear,
looking a bit flustered, and says, You're too early for the leftovers and coffee grounds.
Look, come back, come back, say five o'clock. I'll give you what I can then, okay?
Sorry.
Ida, Ida, it's the doc. It's not bum business.
That's not why I'm here, Ida. I'm sorry to bother you. I know you don't like us coming around in the daytime like this,
but we're missing a couple people from camp. We have reason to believe they came up this way.
You didn't happen to see, I guess, anything strange, but especially a pretty nice car come through here last night?
A big one.
Yeah, I mean, I was up late doing the books last night, and yeah, I guess, I guess.
I mean, there was a big black car that drove up. Yeah, yeah, I didn't really think much of it at the time.
It wasn't much traffic, but yeah, it was a Cadillac, I think. Big Cadillac.
Did they come in here? Did you see who was driving it?
No, no, no, but I know I've seen that before. I've seen it go up and down the road here before.
I think it belongs to the man who bought Greenleys. Is that right? Greenleys?
I mean, you know that's one of the estates just up the road from here.
And that's Hiram's old place.
Yeah.
I thought about being him. That's why I know.
He certainly talked about it enough.
So, yeah, all right. Up there, that was Hiram's old place. Yeah, that's not too far from here, right?
That's just up the road, right?
Yeah, it's like a mile up the road.
All right. Ida, thank you. That helps us a lot, actually. That points us in a pretty concrete direction.
We were never here.
You fellas, you don't get yourself in any trouble now.
I'm thinking now that I maybe shouldn't have told you that if you're going to go around and cause trouble with the good man who lives there.
Don't let me be hearing from the police that you've gone up there and done something stupid, all right?
Absolutely not, Ida. This is back of house only.
We're not going to be dealing with anybody in society who might get the feathers ruffled. This is bum business.
It's just hobo nonsense.
Yeah, if you don't say our names, we won't have your name in our mouth either, Ida.
Yeah, she's really looking like she's regretted saying anything at all to you now.
Anyway, if you fellas will excuse me, I've got paying customers to deal with and a whole lot of things to reconsider.
You personally have been a huge help. Thank you so much for everything you've done and told us.
Love's not the right word, but something similar.
Affection.
Yeah, yeah, she says, and shuts the door on your face.
I'm going to take a restroom break real quick.
You think you can use the bathroom at the Blue Star Diner?
You guys distract Ida. It's a number one, I promise.
You can piss in the hole in the ground like everyone else.
I'm going to do that as well.
Piss in the hole in the ground.
This is great so far, Scott. Thanks for doing this.
Oh yeah, no, my pleasure.
For starters, it's really great to have an opportunity to play with you guys.
It's great to have a chance to run this game because it's been a long time since I've done so.
I've never actually recorded this one.
It's got a creepy flavor, man.
Scritching and scratching got me.
I think this is one of the darker things I've written.
Okay, I think we were going to head down to...
And one of the players...
Sorry, no, go ahead.
No, no, no, no, Kerry.
Yeah, we could use a Hyrum right now.
Thomas Dolan.
So, are you heading...
Zach, were you suggesting that we go back to get Hyrum?
The question on everyone's mind is that we either...
Oh, it's every single time.
Every single time from three continents.
Yeah, I know.
We got lag working all over the place.
I'm not going to say shit.
But yeah, so are you heading straight to Green Lees?
Are you going back to the camp for any reason?
What's your plan here?
Maybe go ask Hyrum some questions about his business partner who now owns Green Lees.
Yeah.
At the very least, he could give us a lay of the land, maybe tell us about the house.
Ideally, we'd bring him with us to act as a guide.
If you're going to sneak into a place and you know someone who used to live there,
it's smart to ask him questions about doors and windows and other holes.
Just any holes.
Yeah, let's do that.
General, yeah.
General holery.
All the holes of a home.
All the house holes.
No one knows it like a former homeowner.
Boston.
Okay, so you head back.
You head back to the camp.
Oh, God.
Sorry, Scott.
Please paint your word picture for us.
So you head back.
I'll say that again with that.
So you head back into the Hoveville.
At this stage, when you get back to the camp, Hyrum has gone over to the medical tent.
Having heard that Nancy is there, he's basically kneeling on the ground beside Nancy,
just talking to her, comforting her.
And when you come into the shack, he looks up and says,
what the hell happened last night?
Nancy, I mean, what happened to her?
She's just, I don't know.
We're looking into it.
She's saying all sorts of crazy things about men with no faces and puppets and, yeah,
something about a singing puppet.
As far as we can tell, a very experimental vaudeville show.
But it is weird.
A lot of weird things are going on.
Hyrum, we need to ask you about your old estate.
I'm starting to say with 100% confidence that the people who did this,
who came into our Hoveville and took our little Esther and our medium-sized Billy,
and took them all out, they took them to Greenlee's, the place that you used to own.
And now the livers in there, the people, the internal organs who do their business
inside the house that you once called your own abode,
they're the ones who came in here and they might not have faces from what she's saying,
but we're not sure about that, but we can be positive that it's those,
those are the ones who did then do this to us and we're gonna fight back,
not only gonna fight back with guns and with fists,
but we're not gonna do either one of those things.
We're gonna fight back with stealth.
They're not gonna know we were there. We were never there.
We were there and then we were gone.
And we'll come back with our people and they won't know it.
Or, you know, we go in right off the bat with whatever you think
Because it used to be your home, you tell us what you think.
Right, questions.
You think we should do the stealth or the guns, yeah.
So what, you're saying that you think, what, Caspar Brink's got something to do with taking the kids?
No.
That's, yeah, that's crazy.
I mean, you know, the man's an animal, he's, you know, he's a thief,
he's the scum of the earth, but kidnapping kids?
Does he have a big black car?
Yeah, he's got plenty of cars.
He bought my old cars along with the house and, yeah, he always had cars of his own.
A big black Cadillac?
Yeah, yeah, he's got a caddy.
We don't exactly have time to, like, clue you in on everything,
but Billy and Esther were, like, 100% seen taken away from here
in a big black caddy towards your estate.
Son of a bitch.
As I say, I always knew Caspar was a thief, but stealing children?
Yeah, well, yeah, you got to go get him back.
I mean, look, I'll tell you what, if you want to get in there, take him by surprise,
you go around the back, there's some old servants' quarters around there.
I mean, I never had anyone there, but there's old servants' quarters.
And yeah, I mean, I don't know if he's had any work done,
but there's a window just by the back door that the lock on that is terrible, terrible, terrible lock.
I was meant to get it fixed.
Even if it was a wonderful lock, I'm not worried about it.
But yeah, yeah, you break in there and, yeah, you should be fine.
That's helpful, Hiram.
Yeah, we really appreciate your help, Hiram.
Hiram, put yourself in these shoes for a second, if you will.
You've got two kids and you're trying to hide them, and you live in your old house.
Where would you put them?
I guess down to the cellars.
That, I mean, guys, you might think this a little bit weird at this point in my narrative,
but that also answers my next question, which is where would be the best place to sacrifice two children in your old estates?
Just call it a hunch, Freddie and Doc, but that's the vibe I'm getting.
Anyway, we should think, Hiram, you've been a big help.
Let's go, right guys?
Hiram, do you want to come?
He said, no, no, no, I'll stay here and look after Nancy.
You know, the state she's in.
Yeah, she, no, I'll stay here with her.
That's wicked smart.
The doctor's going to go to go around to his personal tent, his living quarters, and grab his little .38 revolver.
Okay.
Freddie, you didn't come across any amazing guns today.
As Thomas says that, Frederick Dolan I, Frederick Mellon I, oh, we got married.
Frederick Dolan I, I took your name.
You took my first.
So now we're both Freddie Dolan.
Mr. Freddie Dolan, the first.
He's like patting off Hiram's shoulders of any dust or anything on his shoulders and kind of touching at his cap and pulling up his shirt and making him look nice.
And he's just saying, thank you, thank you, thank you so much.
Now look under your hat.
And he's going to try to have a 50 cents sitting on top of Hiram's head.
Give me a slot of hand roll to see whether you pull that off.
Yes.
I rolled an ought seven on a 50.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
Yeah.
Extreme success.
So yeah.
Yeah.
He takes his hat off.
You got to tell me how you do that someday, man.
He says, he just waggles his fingers in Hiram's face.
And then he, uh, he dips off and says, uh, I'll meet you guys, uh, up there at the front.
I'll be just a second.
Uh, and when he comes back, he comes back with a, with a shotgun, hopefully.
Yeah.
And about half a dozen shells.
Have you guys ever fired one of these things?
I have only shot it like twice.
Sarah, it's just, um, I was just studying Thomas Dolan's character profile.
Does he have any weapons around the camp?
Would that, would it be realistic to say he has a pistol stowed away or something?
Um, probably not.
Yeah.
You don't need a gun.
You got to fiddle.
That's fucking true.
I'm the bard.
I've got to start acting like it.
So, um, yeah, Thomas Dolan plays a mournful, but, um, but hopeful tune, bittersweet would
be the best word for it as we set out on the road for our adventure.
Uh, by the way, just before you go, I mean, one thing as, as Coombes is just sort of finishing
up in the, the medical shack before you head out, one thing you notice, the Mason jar that
you left with the, the eggs and the, the specimen in it.
The eggs are still there.
The specimen isn't.
Uh oh.
Uh, boys, I think we got to maybe deal with, yeah, we got to deal with some local issues
before we hit off that trail.
Do we see a little, a slime trail or anything leading out of the jar?
You do.
Is there a hole where it's drilled through?
Yeah, there is no hole in the jar.
The, the lid of it is still sealed, but there does seem to be a little trail of slime coming
out the side of it.
How did it, how did it get out of the, out of the jar?
It's, and I, I hold it up and kind of shake it a little.
It's intact.
As you shake it, one of the other eggs ruptures slightly and something begins to wriggle out
of it.
Oops.
Oops.
And he sets it down carefully.
Guys, obviously it took the lid off, put the lid back on.
It's lit away.
Not that hot.
Let's look for, let's look for where it's livid.
Yeah.
As you follow the slime trail, it moves over to the cot that Maureen Frayn is sleeping
on at the moment.
Naturally, yeah.
That's what it's going to want to do.
My medical opinion now is that this thing is a parasite of some kind.
Maybe I can sedate Agatha for, for a while, just until we figure out a way to destroy
Maureen Frayn.
I'm sorry, Maureen.
Yeah.
Doc, no offense.
That sounds overly cautious.
I don't think anybody in the future is going to judge you if we eliminate this host right
now in an abundance of caution.
Oh, that's not necessary.
I could say I could save her potentially.
We could figure this out and I could save her.
We just need to make sure she doesn't leave here while we're gone.
Can we see where it went in?
Does it look like it crawled through a nostril or a mouth or something or did it bury like
right into her abdomen?
It looks like it crawled towards her abdomen.
Maybe we can pull it out of there.
Poke around, Doc.
See what you find.
Maybe, I mean, like pull her shirt up above her belly button, see if it's still trying
to crawl in.
Right.
Exactly.
You kind of pull her shirt up and there is, yeah, that little trail of slime that then
goes to pretty much just above her navel and then disappears.
But there's no hole or wound or even there's nothing on the body, no mark on the body?
Well, as Dr. Coombs examines and looks for a wound or any mark, you press her abdomen
just where that trail ends and your finger just sinks in through her flesh.
It's like sticking your finger into a bowl of warm porridge.
And you can feel something wriggling around down to the bottom.
Let's have a sanity roll.
Okay.
Yeah.
Appropriate.
I pass really, really well.
It's a 9 on a 37.
Yeah, you're fine then.
Keeping your composure even as your finger is sticking into her abdomen.
And what's really, really weird about this is there doesn't seem to be a wound.
As you pull your finger out, there is no indication that you even broke the skin.
Wow.
Holy shit.
Maureen isn't conscious, right?
Mercifully, no.
Fellas, I felt it in there.
It's in there.
I felt it wriggling around.
There's a chance I could get it with my tweezers.
Do you think I should or do you think we should?
Thomas Dolan is shakily handling you, your surgical tongs.
I take them and that's my goal now is to try and use my surgical tongs to try and grab
the wriggling creature that I felt a second ago.
My goal is to pull it out.
Frederick, get the jar ready.
The jar didn't do fucking nothing last time.
Well, let's have a Dex roll to see how well you pull this off.
Oh, it's a 71 on a 70.
Oh, no.
Push it, push it.
Well, you've got a couple of options.
I'm going to pull this off.
Oh, no.
Push it, push it.
Well, you've got a couple of options.
You could spend a point of luck on changing that to a 70.
Alternatively, you could push the roll so that you haven't quite managed to get an angle
in there with the forceps, but if you really push, you could try to force me.
I'm going to use the luck spend.
I'm going to spend a point of luck to get the...
I'm so disappointed in you.
You're no fun.
This is a woman's life, Scott.
That brings my luck down to 19.
You manage to force the forceps in through the comparatively small area of her abdomen
that's permeable.
But, yeah, you manage to get hold of the wriggling creature and pull it out.
And, yeah, it's writhing around within the forceps and screaming again.
Now that you've got it out, it does look significantly larger than when you saw it before.
It's pretty much doubled in size.
Doc, I know you're on Team Ja, but what if you just let us smash this thing right now?
Is he Rasta?
Team Ja.
Team Ja.
I was actually really proud of how I managed to make that Boston.
Dr. Coombes is like, no, you're right.
We can't risk it getting out again.
Let's destroy this one.
And I've got the eggs that I can run my tests on.
So how are you destroying it?
Boot it.
Yeah, I'm going to drop it on the ground and try and step on it.
Okay.
Give me a luck roll.
Maybe don't drop it.
Maybe just place it under your boot.
Dudes, I failed with a 100.
It's a zero, zero, zero.
Okay, so you drop it on the ground and you stamp on it.
And there's no resistance, no squishing sound, nothing like that.
And when you bring your boot back up, there's no trace of it.
No.
I'm lifting up my foot.
Did you get out from under it?
I don't see it.
It's not, where is it?
I'm shaking my head and looking at you sideways and passing the tongs to you.
It's like your foot was the jaw.
I'm not pulling this thing out of your foot.
You mean?
What do you feel though, as you realize that this thing has crawled inside your flesh,
is perversely, you have a sense of immense wellbeing.
For some reason, your spirits are lifted and yeah, you feel almost a surge of hope
and just this lightness in your heart that hasn't been there for a long time.
And yeah, let's break there.
Oh my God.
Holy shit.
Scott, this is dope.
Life surreal, in retrospect a dream.
Easy times, feel less than serene.
In the moment it's hard to count your blessings.
So we long for days gone past us.
Grief and strife, bloody, that's real life.
