you
you
you
you
you
you
you
Well, well, well who do we got here a couple of scamps that have wandered into my slime
Covered layer you came here just the right time
friendos for we are about to have a top-secret broadcast from something called a
patreon this episode comes
Especially from my producer with a note that says please give us money and listen to the other episodes
Okay. Bye
sincerely
Producer will huh? This is gonna come at you live from six nine four point two PT BP
And y'all this is a top-secret episode
made unsecret
but me
Content warning this episode is mighty raunchy and nasty
It's got lots of talk of nasty sex related stuff going on and it's mighty
Violent if you're ready for the ride then buckle up because
Yeah, it's gross. I've been told by my producer to plug the patreon
So plug it on in babies plug that money in there to help those pretending pod boys
Keep being able to make the high quality content TM for y'all's ears to devour
The patreon enables us to do more dope shit as well as make sure the boys get some
Reimbursement for all the hard work they do and you know your boy Wolfie gets a little cut
Lover in the ice part 3 will be posted in the exclusive patreon feed as soon as my producer has
Wi-Fi now, I don't know what the hell Wi-Fi is
But I've heard that it can be a bit important for people especially
Producers so anyway later this month you can hear Luke run the boys through a scenario of his own
Creation his first time running a game and it's a damn home brew
I wish someone would home brew me up some delicious nog to drink on
something spicy something creamy
something nasty
And speaking of something nasty
I just gotta warn y'all once more you better buckle up because this episode is real nasty and
Might be a bit fucked up for some of y'all
So, please continue at your own discretion and now that we got that content warning out of the way
It's time to warn you of some content. That's here to stay. It's kudzu with no backbone
Music
Did you say we're live mm-hmm
Hello everyone and welcome to the den of sin for those of you who are listening now and for those of you who are listening
Not now at a later time
You're part of the splashylvania fast pass holders or above on our patreon over at patreon.com slash pretending pod and thank you so much
Hang on Justin. Can you see the chat?
They're saying they can't hear any other saying
awesome
Nailed it. Oh, I had the desktop audio muted. We're on BRB
So go ahead and reintroduce us
Did you guys like that
Did you like only hearing me talk?
Like moved my hands and everything to give this I'm watching it now. I gotta pause this. That's terrible
Welcome everyone to the pretending to be people
Patreon this is an episode for our splashylvania fast pass holders and
Bonus content, we're playing Delta greens lover in the ice by the
Wonderful Caleb Stokes written for Delta green the role-playing game for those of you who are tuning in
Right now on the live stream. You're in the den of sin or higher and thank you so much for joining us
Here and now getting a little behind the scenes of how long it takes to start recording and for those of you who are listening
Later thank you so much for being a patron on our patreon page super fucking cool of you. Yeah
So we are here with a very specific purpose and we're gonna jump right into it because I am itching Oh
All over my body to play this game like I'm Ray Charles. So let's begin
Right now
It's the first week of January in the year of your choosing
2020 wait you choose 2020 I choose
2020 I'm gonna do 78 does that mean as federal agents were fully aware of the looming?
coronavirus threat as
Federal agents you would be but just know that the civilians on the ground have no idea what's coming
So you need to get your like financials in line now that way
You can do better than the people who don't have knowledge
an apocalyptic ice storm struck LaFontaine, Missouri on January 2nd an
Extreme cold front from the Northeast caused a 30 degree drop in ground temperature over a matter of hours
simultaneously humidity reached a hundred percent and a thunderstorm
Blanketed the region the rain already barely above freezing coated everything in layer upon layer of ice
Roofs collapsed under four inch sheets trees exploded as SAP flash froze in the trunks
transformers shorted out and fell flaming from their posts
Cars not crushed by falling debris skidded off impassable roads or froze up
Flights in and out of the area were canceled the governor declared the city a disaster area
But the ice and continuing winter weather prevented dispatch of services
inside LaFontaine a mothballed green box a
Storage facility rented by the conspiracy in the old days sent a silent alarm to Delta Green on the night of the storm
the contents of the box were never inventoried after the organizational restructuring in 2001 and
Friendly caretaker on site is not responding
Delta Green doesn't know what caused the breach or what potential threats might now be in the field and they need eyes on the ground
your eyes
the nearest available operatives the players agents your
Characters each get a call from a known Delta Green case officer the afternoon of January 5th
The call comes in the unusual way in the usual unusual way
From one of the half dozen numbers arranged ahead of time
But which frequently change the caller did his best or her best to sound like they were
Confirming an ordinary dinner or business meeting. They gave a time and place a private
TSA conference room at Lambert Airport, st. Louis, Missouri
1145 p.m. That night it was up to each agent to make personal arrangements and get a last-minute flight
to Lambert now
I'm gonna get an introduction from each one of you and because we're playing a closed game
I'm gonna have everyone else take off their headphones
while we're recording each person's
Introduction because there might be some stuff in the introduction that you don't want the other players to know and that's completely fine as your Delta
Green agents, you won't know each other's identities because we're playing along the the actual rules is written Delta Green strategy
So if you actually do learn information about each other
I will probably have it come back to bite you at the end of the scenario because that's what happens with knowledge you get burnt
okay, so
Let's start. Let's go alphabetical order. So that begins with
Joe already everybody else take your headphones off and we'll do how about I you can also deafen the chat or
Defen the call. Okay, whatever works as long as you're not listening and
And
when you are
Wanted back Justin's not like oh, he's listening to his character voice. He's trying to get in character. I love it
so, uh, whenever we want you back, we'll we'll do the the the
classic
bomb
banana
Making a birds with your hands a bird single bird not multiple birds two birds follow. How will you know which oh
I guess it's just your duty to know out the alphabet, which is cool with me
Yep, duties and alphabets, baby. Everybody stop listening now, and it'll just be me and Joe
Hello Joe hi Zach
What's up, baby? What's cracking?
You ready to do this? I am
I'll just start. Yeah. Yes, please. I'm playing agent Wentworth
Some of you might remember that I've played this character before
You might not have gleaned from that last time though that he is a hitman he's a straight-up hitman
He he goes he jet-sets around killing folks
For the government for whoever because
It's he just responds to his handler miss Turner who he's been with forever for as long as he can remember and
He just drops everything at the at the drop of a hat to do whatever she asks. I
Specifically asked Joe to play this character or at least like persuasively suggested it
Yeah, for sure. You liked it and I was like, I loved it
It was like one of he was one of my favorite characters we've had on the show. Sorry to interrupt carry on
So he got the call from miss Turner and
That said that he needed to report to Lambert Airport in st. Louis by 1145
she went ahead and arranged for the tickets and left me a credit card and
$500 in cash and we also since this is kind of our thing. She has these
custom-made carry-ons that hold
Two pistols for him and she left all that at a dead drop for me and I just went on straight to the airport
but before I left I
Told the landlord of my apartment building that I needed him to look after the cat for me
And he asked why and I said I was gonna go and assess the situation in La Fontaine, Missouri
Because I had deduced that that would be the only reason they would send me to st
Louis, Missouri during one of their
Worst natural disasters ever and I've always felt like a little bit of the truth helps to sell a lie
That seems like a big part of the truth
There's they're sending me there to assess something that's all I said
And let's see what else was there the oh
Yeah, as I was walking out the door, I remember that they're in the middle of an ice storm
So I grabbed a really nice thick black pea coat and a wool stocking cap because I thought things might get chilly
And indeed it's gonna start really fucking cold
Middle of an ice storm. So that makes sense. Shall we bird? Shall we make our bird hands together? Oh
Yes
They're not watching. You can see it and they love it
They all love it so much
Justin's Justin's on it. He's on it. He's got you can all tell what's happening. Well, thankfully Justin
Exactly. All right, I'm out. Bye Joe
And hello Justin
Hey, what's up?
How is it going, man? It's gone pretty damn good here in the Ozarks
You're playing my character is not
Okay, interesting. So I don't know why I was doing that fun time voice, but you know
My character's name is William T Wiggins
he is a coroner in a small town in Illinois, so
someone close to
The East border with st. Louis. I'm gonna assume not too far
He's a short and pale
Lad with black hair like like jet black hair
I
Almost like to imagine like a middle part but like a handsome middle part like it looks better than the the normal one very sleepy
Very sleepy looking thousands middle part. Yeah, like very sleepy with bags under his eyes
Seems to always have his mouth covered by a scarf or a mask or shirt collar, etc
He is always wearing a really nice suit even when he's doing his coroner duties and
black leather gloves when he's not habits when he doesn't have the
The medical gloves on he's very strange, but also quite good at his job
All right, and what did you bring with you here on this this trip to st. Louis?
So I had a handful of things I was gonna bring and let you
Veto some of them if you want to hit me with him also, what's your last name again real quick Wiggins William T
Wiggins, how could I forgot Billy Wiggins? Is that a person did I fuck up and make him a person?
Oh, you're just making fun of his name. He doesn't like when people call him Willie, by the way, so I
Won't let him know that you did that cuz you're an omnipresent God in this world
That's really cool of you
But just know that you're gonna somewhere deep down inside of your character and know that God
I
So I wanted to have like surgical masks and gloves
Leather gloves a scarf magnifying glass
First aid supplies of some kind I didn't know if those are allowed
Do you think a scalpel would technically be allowed on a plane?
If you were like, I'm a coroner it's a tool for me or is it too knife like
Hmm I bet you're not allowed to
Unless it's in your but you you could probably put it in your like checked luggage
I don't know. Let's say I did that because I'm a coroner
So I figured I'd have some kind of cutting instruments like a lighter and some cigarettes like a little zippo lighter and also
A necklace where like if he dies
It brings him back to life and also there's a big gun that he can grab from another dimension and
It does all it does to deep 30s of damage
But I'm glad you let me have the necklace
I
Does he have a necklace no, he's just for sentimental value do is he a corner with a chain?
Like a sick chain
Parted parted hair. How old is this? I said 42 early 40s
Yep, I mean, I love the idea of him with like a cheap sterling silver chain around his neck just listening to nu metal
Hell yeah, that's up to you
That's if you want that
Also, he's he's a five foot seven. He's a shorter shorter than the average human bear
All right, and did you say goodbye to anybody? Did you have to cover? Yes, I did
Whenever I got the call
William was in the morgue doing his work slicing up bodies and whatnot
When he got the call, I'm assuming it was probably in the middle of the night
he dropped something into a cadaver and
Looked over to his assistant and said well, well Thaddeus I shall be leaving now
There's a personal familial emergency. I must see to
Please take care of this any points inside of the corpse
Mishap
I'm sure you shall be rewarded
Handsomely also, I don't know why we're cutting into this corpse
Clearly he has been shot in the head multiple times and then he walks away from Thaddeus
his only friend
Thaddeus has seen this happen before or Thaddeus knows I'm just like super weird and I
Do kind of whatever I'm very like on a whim. I'll just leave on a whim. I'll just leave
And so Thaddeus is used to me being kind of like wishy-washy and just kind of like
I'm having a bad day
I I must retire and we've been working together for I'm gonna say like at least a year now and so he
He's used to me. Just kind of like getting getting weird about stuff and leaving but I'm good at my job. So he's like
It's like a TV character when it's like oh, he's a detective who's super weird, but he's so damn good. We can't help it
We have to keep hiring him like monk
Classic example
But yeah, so yeah Thaddeus is the shilube Thaddeus always has Williams back because
William is quite nice to him even though he's super weird and and
He's kind of like a treats him like kind of like a son in a weird way
Okay, fantastic
Anything else that we should know before we jump in Oh also
Interesting side fact that I came up with before this while I was creating the character
He is a I decided he is a in his off time. He likes to do fencing
Naturally
So you got to put points in melee weapons. He's like weirdly athletic for a a
Guy who is a coroner it but it's the only like sport. He likes his fencing
He thinks like everything else is stupid and not for smart people because he sucks
Yeah, it seems like a super cool dude who I would beat super into hanging out with. Yeah
Perfect
Or are you trying to make fun of my character no
No, no, I would never shall we shall we fly the birds? Shall we fly the bird for Luke?
look boy
Okay boy
To join us to chew
Is he here is it here can I leave now Justin get the ball
Oh
Luke tell me about your character
Turn your microphone on
Mmm, I was on mute. Sorry. Hey, there it is. Okay. I am
Alonso Schwartz, my codename is Glick. So your your real name is Alonzo Schwartz and you go by like, mr. Glick
Yes, cool
I'm a private investigator
former cop former undercover cop
35
So I was on I have a partner. I have my own PI like
business
my part partner dick hat-trick
And I were on we were like snooping out for a PI job we had I get the call
From
The number that I don't recognize but I think I know what it is
We're sitting in a car together
and I when I talk I act like I'm talking to my daughter and
After the phone call I look at him I'm like hey
my
Daughter just had a emergency. I don't really want to get into it, but I've got to go. Can you can you?
Hold this down on your own
Sure and then I get out of the car take a uber home get a backpack and fill it with
Hand and feet warmers since I know I'm going somewhere cold
My winter gear said jacket gloves, etc. I bring two GPS trackers with me
I bring a smoke detector that is fake that has a camera in it. I bring night-vision goggles. I
Bring a pair of handcuffs a pair of binoculars
And then the last thing I put in there is a grapple hook with 15 feet of rope tied to it. Awesome
Badass loadout. Yeah, that's a big backpack. It's uh, it's like a
hiker backpack and then I fly from
LaGuardia to
Lambert whoo biggin. Yeah, you must be perfect for the job
yep, I was not the closest but
You were available mr. Glick is good
All right, mr. Glick
Anything else? No, I think I think I'm ready to go
Beautiful rundown you want to give me the birds?
Join us Thomas in this time of bird having character introductions
Yes, it's you. Hi. Okay, bye
Bye Luke. Bye Luke. Bye Luke
Hey, man, hey
You want to tell me about your character? Yeah, let me pull I've got my character sheets on my computer Oh
Internet character sheet. Yeah, I use the the excellent
That there's a resource online you can find it on the subreddit or just Google
Delta green character generator or pre generated characters that had they just have 900 whole
That's incredible. So I
Wanted to be a federal agent
There were literally dozens of those filled out
So I just found the one with kind of the high stats I wanted and went with that beautiful. So yeah, I'm
I'm an agent Jason McNear
If it's not your real name. Yeah, that's that's my real name code name lighthouse
And I'm sorry if you already have any
uptight by the book agent characters
I haven't been able to hear what other people were yet, but that's pretty much what my guy is, but he can uptight FBI
Oh, yeah special agent Jason McNear. Are you that? Yeah, you know what? I spent a lot of time
Googling realistic firearms for an FBI agent to have and I didn't I didn't spend any time looking up
What is realistic position in the hierarchy might be?
Why don't why don't I check that out and I'll get back to you I'm going a little too Irish now
Yes, so you're gonna be playing a fee a FEMA oversight personnel like a suit so
Are you going with mr. Lighthouse? Oh
I've gone totally Irish now and I can't go don't you know, you just go up north in there over there like that
They're over. Yeah Fargo. Okay
No, I'm I'm uh, that's just my Delta green
Codename and okay, I think I'll go with
With mr. Smith Oh, mr. Smith. Oh
Yep, hey Irish, okay, so mr. Smith needed to make his way to st. Louis by 11 45 p.m
That night who did he have to make excuses to on the way there mrs. Smith, you know
She's kind of I I am a federal agent she's used to it
Irish she's you don't call it out. You know do it incredibly. I'm going okay. Hold on
It just has to be just a little bit more upper Midwest. So
Then I then my normal voice so
So he excused himself to her and
Years ago. She thought he was maybe like having an affair
On one of these like he would he had to bust out every night at like 10 p.m
She ended up following him and she saw him sitting with like she staked out him and his partner staking out
Just a boring
like
Financial crimes like stakeout and she saw him like sadly eating junk food and she knows he hated
Like he hated his partner at that time
Bummer that like big not like they couldn't work out but like they they solved this. They got the job done man, but like
Sitting in a car all night with him was not his cup of tea
so she he what she watched him do that a few times and
A few times. Well, yeah, she's got it. She's got an investigative personality just like him. Oh
Yeah, they're they're detectives in both
paranoid
Well, I wouldn't go that far, you know, I mean sorry codependent. Yeah, I mean
That's what that's what you need, right?
someone you
Do people who can depend on each other?
Yeah, it's a nice thing. Yeah, I don't see what's wrong with that
So, what did you bring with you on the trip to St. Louis well
Even though he's a very mid-ranged
Shootist if you had to quantify, you know, but he has he has taken up skeet shooting recently
Oh cool, and he's as an FBI agent. He's already TSA pre-checked and all that shit
But he is like he's got his
Hold on. I pulled up the regulations
He's got his unloaded shotguns and a locked hard-sided container as checked and declared luggage
Wow
Well done
The container is completely secure
The firearm cannot be accessed because obviously locked cases that can be easily opened are not permitted. Sure. So he's got two
Two skeet shooting
Shotguns. Oh, yeah in a hard case
Damn, that's intense. And you I assume you have just your regular federal agent service. Yes. He has a nine millimeter Glock
Okay
Do you know what that means? Yeah, they
The trend in law enforcement apparently has been to go
Towards a lighter more high-capacity
automatic pistols
Here's a here's a chilling sentence
While some law enforcement agencies have transitioned to larger calibers from the nine millimeter in recent years
they do so that the expense of reduced magazine capacity more felt recoil and
given adequate
Projectile selection no discernible increase in terminal performance
No, thank you. That just means
Higher caliber weapons are harder to fire because they kick on you
So the stopping power that like might make you feel psychologically good with them
Isn't really as good as having a pistol you can shoot rapidly and accurately in terms of disabling someone
Wow or terminal performance as they sure
Turn it Wow, that's fun. So of course, he's got his nine millimeter Glock
All right anything else
That'll do that'll do just guns. A lot of people brought just guns. Oh
Well, yeah, he's got I mean anything he knows what he's meant
He's got
He's got a parka
He's got a good
I'll let you explain. Well, all right, I mean having heard my accent, you know, he's prepared for Oh for the cold weather
For sure old weather. Are you ready to give him the the birdie? Yes
How do we get Luke's attention he's asleep
Luke asleep
No, I think he's just asleep
Oh here he comes
I'm really self-conscious that you guys talked for way longer than I did
Baby baby was asleep in there. He's back home
Stop practicing your character voice. It's horrifying
I'm from Illinois
Oh
Dude did you keep going weird with your accent to I
Was trying to do an upper Midwest and I kept going wicked Irish. Oh, yeah. No mine. I already forgot
Well, mine was so I'm gonna have to remember
When I talk next
TSA agents at Lambert, which is the airport in st
Louis allow the agents into the conference room inside is a balding man in his early 50s with a heavy pond
And deep circles under his eyes. He does not offer his name here
But the agents know him as DHS Special Agent Patrick Hill. They have met him before
He's a Delta Green case officer and he arranges missions
He's the go-between and cutout between the agents on the ground and the rest of Delta Green and the mission is the agents job
The agents are his job. Ooh, what a cool thing to say
Let's get this out of the way
Back before 9-11 people did our group's work out in the cold
We got activated reactivated anyway during see during the transition decisions were made. I didn't make those decisions
I don't know the people who did but they were made and now we're here. So I don't know more. I can't no more
We're all only here because we were
Closest or available and I'm not going with you because I've been up for two days trying to find you a ride into the goddamn
Missionary got it. Okay, so around sometime
2002 some team or another was tasked with repurposing assets from the old group into the new program
you guys know with all them the government switch over there and at least one of the ones we knew about and to my
Understanding it was it's like a cost risk analysis based on the needs of the moment and the current budget
you know how this shit goes so
They tended to report that moving things out of unsecure private storage to secure
Official locations just wasn't worth it in the end
I don't know if it was because the contents were too volatile or
Someone couldn't be bothered to find a truck or they didn't trust the transition. I don't know
Okay, I mean it's the you know who these people are
I wasn't there but one of those storage sites that they used was in La Fontaine
Yeah, that La Fontaine the one from the news
I'm sure you guys if I am well aware right right the ice storm
Yeah ice storm so they installed an alarm on the door right of the security place and they got some friendly
from the utility company one
He looks down at his papers
skip Mills
To keep an eye on the place gave him some bullshit about maintaining a secret counterterrorism storage site or something
Do it for God in country the typical patriotic make your life special bullshit
I don't know. He was just strictly observing report didn't even have a key as far as I can tell
But the idea was to come back to the Fox
Got I got to find the Fox first, but then he's gonna come back to the box
I suppose in a few months when when things that eventually settled down
Well
It's been a few months a
Few because I was talking about 2002 right now and it's 2020
Yeah, so here we go see that's 18 18 years a month
He just stares at you which is more than a month of Sundays
The
Storage unit is at knurls rent a space unit zero one seven one. Yeah, I know upset clusterfuck, but
Obsec clusterfuck you're preaching to the choir
Obsec operational security clusterfuck for those of you who you know might do math out loud to people. They just met
You're preaching to the choir
Anyway, the site is designated GB to to for you know, like
Yeah fucking green box to 24 ice storm hits the city hard on the night of the second and the parrot box that
Security system sent a silent alarm to someplace way above my pay grade right and it reports a breach
Shit is so far buried in the shuffle the nobody and signals pucks up on the damn thing until two days later
That's when they dragged my ass out of bed. So we have nothing on the ground
I don't know if this Mills was on the silent alarms call list or not
All I know is that I can't get a hold of him, but then I can't get a hold of anyone
Phone lines are down across the entire city. Most of the cell towers are dead
Something like 70% of buildings are without power still
Yeah, all the cell towers are dead. So I guess they're gonna miss out on
anyway
We're
Blind down there. All we know is that the door to GB to to for has been opened for going on a week
And we don't know what was inside. We don't know if this Mills guys on the level. We just don't know
And you have to find out who tried to say something
I'm sorry. I said, oh dear
Like oh god, I got you a ride on a National Guard disaster relief convoy
It leaves in a few minutes you're on an oversight group working for FEMA
Don't abuse the cover. You're just suits. Okay, just watching you're making sure everything's going
All right, and this legend is paper thin
I can't for the life of me think of why anyone would put you all in the same room together. I mean
Fucking lucky you is the best I can do on short notice
Paperwork is on the table. I got you some office space squared away at the city utilities company
Which is where that skip Mills guy was fuck knows. I spent enough time on the radio trying to find their boss
From there find out where this Mills guy is and what he knows
Head out to GB to 24 and inventory the content see if you can tell if anything's missing
Okay, right because if you go there it's a green box the stuff in there
Should be kept away from people and if it's missing
Then other people are seeing it
Nod your heads. Can I get nods?
Good job, everyone. Fuck me. Okay. Now if something's out there
You got to do it needs to be done text me if you need anything, but keep those messages
Clean-and-coated I'll do what I can from here, but
There's a hundred miles of solid fucking ice around you in every direction and more alphabet soup
Agencies and media in the theater than you can shake a dick at so don't expect miracles
hell
Don't expect anything
You're on your own
So do you guys?
Understand what your mission is. This isn't sorry. I wasn't the tired guy anymore
Right
Yeah, the container is open we have to go find the friendly
figure out why the container is open whether or not anything dangerous escaped and
Neutralize whatever that might be and we have to talk to skip Mills and see what they are. That's the friendly
That's the friendly
They're friendly or are they can I can I ask this guy a question or is he out of the room?
Mr. Out of sleep, mr. Hill
You have fucking used my what the shit dude you introduced yourself as mr. Hill
No, I told you as the out of body narrator that you knew who I was
Oh
Sir yeah Wentworth. Do you have a last known?
Residence address for this skip Mills. I understand
He was the attendant at the storage units, but you surely knew where he lived. He looks through these papers
And he's like shit. I mean
Boy yeah, where are we at here? Oh
God and he looks through some more papers and then he finds
The apartment or it's a house. Yeah, I found the house. There's an address
Excellent. Oh that will make things much easier. I don't know I
Look at the other people in the room and I stand up from my chair. Are we prepared go ahead and describe what you look like
He is
He's well-dressed. He's very nondescript. In fact, he's so nondescript. It would almost be striking except how nondescript he is
He's wearing a black pea coat
You can tell that there's maybe a suit underneath and he's wearing a wool stocking cap and leather gloves and you reach down and grab your
Identification as FEMA oversight and you can introduce yourself with whatever name is on it, which is
Barry
Fredrickson, is that how you would choose to introduce yourself to the rest? I mean, I don't think he would say anything
All right, and who's he looking at as each of you grab your FEMA
oversight IDs
Well according to this, um
agent or mr.
Mr. Mark Smith there from FEMA mr. Mark Smith and what does Mark Smith look like?
Mark Smith looks looks uh, he's he's pretty tall
Sorry, he's pretty tall he's got male pattern baldness
Real thin total Costanza head. Yeah, it stands ahead but different like completely different proportions. He's like tall and lanky
and he's got
a big but like not cool-looking mustache
I know that game. He kind of looks like the bonafide suitor from Oh Brother Where art thou
Bad he's a cedar
He's so he's bad actor
But with a with a more FBI
mustache looky boy, I pick up my FEMA badge and it says
Henry smoochy on it
Oh
I guess I'm Henry smoochy. I've got a like long
tan like khaki duster on with black dress pants and
Sun likes aviator sunglasses and a fedora. Ooh, but it looks cool
a
Five-o'clock shadow
35 year old just
average
slightly more handsome than average but not like handsome enough to
For anyone to be like wow, that guy's handsome. I thought you were gonna be like slightly more handsome than Thomas's
And
Yeah, he just says I guess I'm Henry smoochy
Looks over at the other guy the last I think that's me
my character stands up he
Addresses himself quietly. I am Terrence and he looks at his thing
fast night
I'm I am Terry. I'm Terrence fast night that that is
Me you guys all feel really good about your chances
Terrence fast night is uh, you don't have to be faster than the bear
That may prove very true in this area Terrence fast night is about five seven
average frame jet black hair with a middle part
Dressed in like a nice
Brown suit with a white dress shirt and tie
He's wearing like a little
Surgical mask over his
His mouth. So sometimes it's a little hard to hear him and he's very he's a little quiet and reserved
But he's very well dressed and seems put together. It looks very tired. And that's that's that's me. That's me, baby
Cool. I didn't describe what my guy was wearing, but it's just like a it's a big old parka
Tight he's he's he's wintered up, but it's also it's like clearly
a
Ten to fifteen year old like out of fashion ski equipment. Perfect. The colors are wrong for
2020 I
Went skiing for the first time in a very long time like since I was a child a couple spring breaks ago
And because my uncle is money
My uncle has money and unlike everyone else in the old family and he was like come up to Breckenridge
I'll pay for everything and I was like, yes, please and when I got there
I was like you have like equipment for me to use and he's like hell yeah
And he starts cracking up and then he pulls out this full
Baby blue like bright baby blue and bright orange like to head to toe back and forth like
Badass like bright snow suit and it was so cool
And every single person as I was like walking everywhere was like, holy shit that guy
Oh my god, that's right. And then they saw me get off it like the green one like the easiest slopes and I'm like
Flailing on the way down and everyone's like, oh look at that ass hat who spent a thousand dollars on his gear and can't ski for
Shit, right?
I actually lost a ski and had to like ask people to help me try to find my
If it makes you feel any better nobody was really judging you you were just that high
Like altitude though, right like my god, yeah altitude and an illegal state just like, Missouri
Did
You guys okay speaking of crazy rich people things did you guys see that reddit post yesterday about the
the razor crazy carts
No
No, there are these little electric guys going around the plaza. Yeah. Mm-hmm
Yeah, they're like they're like seven hundred dollars each to get one that can support an adult. I can do that
I just got twelve hundred dollars for no reason
Do you guys want to spend your stimulus
Little electric carts that we can they're made for like drifting
You mean we can Tokyo drift finally, yeah, we could just Tokyo drift around the empty streets of Springfield
new patreon goal
By us crazy. We'll take a cool video. We'll play Mario Kart against each other
so I'm gonna go pee and
We will jump into La Fontaine, Missouri
Okay, you guys are gonna be riding in the back of a Navistar defense 7,000 MV troop transport
Which is gonna be very cold. It's one of those like trucks military trucks with the covered wagon shit on the back and
So you're gonna be in there packed with
soldiers like National Guard like National Guard people members as well as like
Blankets and food and clothing and shit just all packed in there
so if you guys want to like do a quick think about how you might want to have a
Conversation during this time so that we can get to know your characters and so that your characters can get to know each other
Then that might be a good way to jump into the scenario
So I'm gonna leave. All right, bye wait for me, please we promise we won't play without you
When he gets back, let's just tell him we're done we think we figured it out the DMS gone
So we solved the it's an open game now, but it was a bunch of angry raccoons that slid into the storage thing
But one of us did die and up in the battle
I'm gonna pee too, I guess yeah, I was gonna say I should take advantage of this
I'm just gonna sit here and stare into space earlier when they left me alone
I sang a song so you're up. Okay
Sorry, Zach. I'm gonna readjust myself
I'm gonna do some stretches if you've been sitting at your computer for a long time. You should do some stretches too
We could do them together
Hell, I'm gonna stand up
Is this dream terrible I did a stretch and people said that they were stretching too. I am a health guru
Did you do a stretch that changed because every time I moved my arms
I saw my pit stains were getting they got out to the point to where my entire sleeve was covered at the bottom and
It was so wet. I couldn't take it. I should unbutton my pants, but I think YouTube will ban us if I do that. Oh
I don't think so. They can hear the unbuttoned and they're like shut it down. I have my cool Kanye pants on
They're very comfy with the with the pocket. Yeah, I'll show the people nice
Hoodie-pocket hoodie-pocket. What are you doing you? Oh
It's like a it's like a baby kangaroo or a tiny loop once I clone myself
That's where he'll live
And he'll live in my afro so I can cook good French food to
Raduluki got it. Nice
Ha
I'm drinking one of these
Dude
Truly pretty good. That's
That's exactly what's in here. Nice the mango
I got the orange and I added a little stevia to it just to give it a little more sweetness
Oh shake it up. These things are too sweet for me. I
Really? Sorry not to be that not to be that guy. Oh you add sweetener to it
My drinks dries a biscuit that was poorly made
Does that mean with whipped or with frothy coffee? Well, yeah, dude frothy milk, I mean
Just a little barista
Somebody ordered a cappuccino dry for me when like when I first started at the coffee shop and I was like
They went all the juice in it
That's dirty
Best bartender in Springfield right here, baby
Let's
Dive back in
The briefing said LaFontaine was ill-prepared for winter weather
The city had sold most of its salt trucks and plows to keep from declaring bankruptcy during the reception
But nothing the reception heard you for this the reception they threw a massive reception
And
They could they had they had they sacrificed a bunch of kids
But like the ice storm still came and it was a sick party
So no regrets ease and honestly fuck those salt trucks and plows that party was dope
Yep, nothing prepared you for this level of destruction
Nearly every road is blocked with felled trees phone and power lines dangle everywhere the few
Emergency responders you see are still chiseling vehicles out of the ice like sculptures and most who succeed seem to have
impotently skidded off the road
The majority of homes remain damaged and without power their residents are left to freeze in winter temperatures
Getting to the few operational shelters requires trekking on foot across the eerily beautiful city of ice
Upon arrival
They're crammed into crowded shelters filled with cots and hastily packed
Suitcases and even the lucky ones with vehicles rugged enough to escape often have to find a path ahead
through the felled trees and the roar of chainsaws is
Constant even after five days relief teams have made scant headway a few major roadways are cleared and salted
The commercial and university districts to the south have power restored
Honestly, that doesn't sound like scant headway to me. It sounds like they got the the major
Commercial and university districts restored very little relief though has come to the north side the poor side of town the convoy
inches through
The north of LaFontaine is the oldest part of the city cut off from the rest by a moat of abandoned warehouses
Railyards
Factories and other remnants of the city's industrial past the massive old growth trees dotting its residential
Neighborhoods caused more damage here than anywhere else
The only lifeline south the Zora Neale Hurston bridge remains a clogged icy mess
It will be difficult to tell who needs help in northern LaFontaine
Only the locals can distinguish which homes were abandoned to the storm and which were left vacant by the real estate crash
still
Progress is being made
Operating out of the headquarters for city utilities workers are slowly getting LaFontaine livable again
It appears that while the storm will certainly be expensive. None of the relief workers will be haunted by any lost lives
So that's good everybody who's like seemingly got trapped in their houses and shit made their way to a shelter
It's uncomfortable
But patrols and emergency shelters are so far keeping those without power fed and warm
And as you guys are rolling through
the camera kind of like zooms up to the back of this
Transport and then through we see soldiers in the very back and then like kind of a muffled wall and all throughout the middle aisle
Just like clothes and food and blankets and supplies and then in the next part
The four of you sit two on one side two on the other facing each other
So hey there fella. I don't think you told us your name. I say to to Joe it's character
It's Barry Frederickson, that's a good one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you picked a good one for sure. I
They just get they gave me
Terrence fast fast night. I think fast night. That's a that's kind of a cool name. It's practically fast bender
You know, it's it's not as cool as my real. Oh, yeah. I mean it is my real name right now, but it's
and
Terrence looks down and stops immediately talking. So we're alone in this compartment. Yeah, let's go ahead and say that way there
We don't have like
prying ears
Immediate
Opsec breaches exactly like I just to like get an introduction to you guys are
You look over and you see two young National Guard recruits
eyes wide
You just have time to draw your firearms
So
Yeah, mr. Mr. Fast Knight there so you're saying in real life you have a
Cooler name than your code name. Yeah, we're not I don't think we're supposed to say though
As far as I know
I'm I'm still new to all this. I I I don't know. I know I'm needed and so I came well
I just want to say, you know, I'm sorry
Cuz this there's a lot of it this job can be stressful in a lot of different ways
and I think not being able to go by a pretty cool name is
It's up there one that people it's just one people don't typically think about so I just want to say like I'm glad someone
Understands my great duress. I am under and I'm sorry about that. My guy is looking the kind of puzzle between you two. I
Am unaware of how the coolness of a name factors in to our mission
You know, that's a fair point
we should be playing this by the book and
But anyway, yeah, you got a friend in me buddy. Why thank you and Terrence Fast Knight slips his little
Like surgical mask up over his thing because he's uncomfortable being in a crowded dirty truck
Well, I don't think we came here to make friends do you guys have any ideas for what we get there well
Yeah, we just find
We find skip Mills and
We figure out what the heck is going on down at that green box were you all
Able to read the briefing. Oh, yeah
There is a chance this skip Mills
Sought shelter, perhaps we can get records of
Intake at these shelters didn't Patrick Hill who we all knew beforehand, but I forget what he told us. His name was
Didn't he didn't he give us his his address where he's known to be now
he did but as the briefing said most homes have been left abandoned and
Shelters are at capacity. Oh, that was his okay
I thought he just told us directly where he was that would have been a lot handier. He certainly did
I'm suggesting that he might not be home. I suppose we could look at a map of some kind and
if there's a shelter near his home that he'd probably go to the nearest one or
The closest one to these storage
I'll call around as some shelters and I get my phone out and Google
LaFontaine, I believe that your cell reception will be not so good here
Based
Off
What they said that all the towers were all jacked and such we're heading to city utilities
Which I don't think I made this clear. They're up and running their skills. It's where skit Mills worked
Okay, so you're being dropped off at CU City Utilities, which is where skit Mills worked
I thought he works at a story, you know, he's yeah
And it was the attendant thing just a side job of his he was a friendly. He didn't work at the storage place
Okay, so he was just told he's just the guy when they were packing the green box that he was like
Right next door at his own storage unit and they're like
Yeah
Yeah
Like five innocent witnesses today because they play like us and they were just
Like damn it skip. We just can't have any more blood on our hands
So you guys are dropped off in front of the city utilities building before the truck joins the rest of the vehicles in the motor
Pool parking lot around back
so basically the
HQ of this whole operation is gonna be in the parking lot behind city utilities in a big motor pool where everybody's got
generators
cars are all back there and these trailers are popped up back there and as you guys go into the city utilities building you see
It is clogged with activity complaining customers entering their second week without electricity pack the lobby like cattle
Overworked receptionists do their best to calm the crowd
Exhausted linemen trudge in and out returning for more equipment or just trying to catch a few minutes sleep in the locker room
and as you guys walk in you see a woman who is short squat has
big glasses and she's wearing a car heart pulled all the way down and
She comes up and she's like, hey, hello. Hello. Are you the FEMA oversight group?
Hey there
Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. This is me. I'm Tanya Cambria
It's nice to meet each one of you. Thank you so much and she goes to shake your hands
My guy does yeah, I should yeah and
Enthusiastically I shake her Terrence holds his hand out like
Like he's waiting for someone to kiss it
Very
Very gingerly, hey, okay cool
And she like puts her elbow out and kind of like hits your hand a little bit
He like kind of if you want to do one of those that's fine. He gives a little slap with his fingy tips. Ah
All right. It's a pleasure to meet you Mark. Mark Smith gets like a
Little physically uncomfortable and anxious scene that like breach of normal
social decorum
It's like, oh, you know, it takes all types
But where I come from, you know, you shake a hand if someone's trying to shake your hand. Yeah
No, well, I'm much more on your side of the equation here, but that's where we're at these days and no
I didn't fully didn't say it out loud. That's just what happened in my gut
Well, I just heard it and so I responded role-playing
I found it. I found what came out of the unit
Miss Cambria, what is it? You do here? Oh, I'm just a I'm just trying to put all this keep it all together
Let's see
You know, I knew there's gonna be a response team about but Oh office manager
You can call me whatever you want
But basically if you're talking to just me and you I run the place
Obviously these people they don't know what they're doing and I got some office space for you, right?
Look at that's what I told you take did you were you told that I had office space for you because look at me
Of course, I've got office space for you. Come on down. Okay
My voice is this now and yes, you're starting to
I'll do what I want and you were just starting to sound like some kind of Star Wars merchant like
I've got office space Roy. You went British and then I went you said office space
All right, so yeah, no I was going for a more of a Mike Wazowski so
Yeah, if you come out through here
God, yeah, the temporary office that I've set up for you is a prefab trailer. It's in the parking lot
Okay, and she walks you through the back of the building and like moving through come on down move out of my way as she's
passing through this sea of
tired and stressed out
Civilians and so you guys make your way through the back Mills hasn't been here in a couple days few days now
And so you can just use his office. This is what he was using before miss Cambria
You know, we can't thank you enough we all as FEMA agents were responding to Springfield back in all seven. So
So we know what it's like to go through this kind of major
Meteorological event there. Well, it's good to have people like you. Yeah. Thank you very much miss Cambria. Yeah, we all know that
snow
when too much is
Is bad you always talk like this. Oh, I'm very sad now
Sorry cut out in the middle of what you're saying like nothing came out of your mouth
So I didn't hear you sound like a crazy person if you could repeat yourself, maybe I'll react more accordingly
Yeah, I thought I might have just been me there. But it totally cut out. It wasn't even like a drop of discord. Oh, I
Talk slowly also
Snow
When when too much is
bad
Yes, I get it. All right, so and you pop out through the back door and you said
Hit me with it before we leave miss Mills. Okay, it's Cambria miss Cambria miss Cambria
Yeah, we need to speak with mr. Mills, do you know where we might find him I wish oh my gosh
If you could tell me where he is, that would make me a happy lady. But here I am. Look at my face
Am I happy lady to you
It looks like you're doing the best you can under the circumstances. Oh, that's real sweet of you to say
I'm really glad that you
Professionals are here to really keep an eye on things and she like points around as you guys are about to open the door
And she's like brace yourselves cuz it's a fuck ton of idiots and cold weather out there and she busts open the door
And you see that the parking lot has been cleared of its thick coat of ice and large
Command tents and the diesel generators heating them take up the space nearest the building and otherwise the cold keeps the parking lot
Mostly empty save when trucks drive in to be resupplied or repaired in and out as they go
but as you guys move past those tents, you see there is a trailer that is a
makeshift office
It's the relief effort HQ and it's where you guys have been sent because you are the suits in charge
How's that feel? It's just a disaster
It feels bad, well, you know, I don't think anybody will
particularly think it's out of the ordinary if the federal government just really
drops the ball on disaster response for a couple days, so
It should I think it's more decent cover than we're being given credit for
You
know, I I think that that guy Mills, you know, he had that exact kind of
Feeling inside his entire body when he was here. I'm sorry. I thought you left
We I wasn't gonna say anything like that for you. You said you yeah
Oh, I pushed open the door and I I told I told Luke that I was gonna walk all the way with you guys
That way, you know
If you if you were worried because I wanted to say one more thing about skip Mills and then have you guys roll humid
Oh, oh, yeah, that makes it that's standard investigatory a procedure
So actually you don't have to roll
We're gonna play this scenario as written
so there will be a few times where so in Delta green if you just have a skill at a certain number you
Pass so if you're not under stress and there's no like time limit on the thing
Then you don't have to roll for it, which I except we never do that. No, no, we don't we don't play that way
We play a different way. And so here we are. So if any of you have humans at
30% say aye aye
or
At 30% or above that
Yeah, like way above
I forgot. I'm still this lady. I'm still this lady. I gotta wear my beanie. I like it. He's my head warm
It's uh, I'm at a 60 miss Cambria
Oh, well, then you of course would know that as I'm talking about skip Mills and I'm saying stuff like wow
Government workers. Am I right? Some of them love some of them hate some of them come to work
Some of them don't this guy dips out in the middle of a national emergency
Maybe not national national for us. I mean my life is my country, you know, and so
You would know that like she's pretty uncomfortable
She's like very comfortable talking shit about him
but you can tell that she was very very confused and then she says but I
Will say when he did come in three days ago the last time he was here
His face was covered in scratches and sweat and it was awful. He looked fucking terrible
I am sorry for the cursing but this is an emergency and it's like theater in high school
You could just cuss whenever you want. It's fine. Everybody loves it. You know, it's liberating. You're all looking at me right now
I'm not gonna say anything about attraction of people or anything like that, but
I'm someone who doesn't get the male gaze
You know from from from people in his age group too often
But boy howdy the last time he came in here it was
not
Comfortable. Oh, I mean he was he was yeah. What is your age difference there? Well, I'm 85
She's like how old is mr. Mills she's probably like mid 50s
You just lied you just lied to federal agents there
Well, you never ask a woman her age or a man it's rude
You can't ask people how old they are unless it's their birthday and even then you just count the candles
Ma'am in an emergency any bit of information might be relevant. We need you to please be forthcoming with us and even I'm actually
69 yeah
Sorry
No, it's fine you can laugh that's exactly the kind of like dirty humor
It was that kind of dirty humor that looked like it was in this this guy's eyes
I mean what he sees in his 30s early 30s people like that don't you know often?
I've had a professional relationship with Skip Mills for years and not once has he ever looked at me like I was a piece of
Meat that he wanted to fuck
Sure, we get it. He was really giving you the eyes there the last time you saw him. Yeah, did I make that clear?
Yeah, speaking of which just before you dive in any further to this conversation. That's definitely over
No, no, I have I have a question for her. Okay, hit the question then we'll move what was what was mr
Mills duties here
Ma'am try not to laugh. I need to know what his responsibilities were his duties
Well, I'm looking them up obviously
Sure figure it out. I'm pretty sure that he was running the
He was he was he was in charge. That's why you guys are here
We needed FEMA oversight because our city utility supervisor during a power outage with ice all over the city is
Nowhere to be found
three days nowhere to be found
You know, it sounds like he was one horny dog and
Those might have been those might have been love scratches, you know on his own face
Yeah, cuz the your lover scratches. Yeah
When your lover scratches
Across the face. Has anyone tried contacting him? Of course. What did you say? Have you been to his house?
We've been no we're not gonna go to his house. Why would we yeah, of course like we're gonna go to his house
Do you know how much money and time it takes to get anywhere in this fucking city right now?
Yeah, I mean like we said we were in Springfield
So, you know it could take some time
But money is a weird way to qualify how it would take to get down to a fellas house
It's not like I am the office manager. I look at the bottom line
Financials, that's what I'm all about
Sure. Sure man hours. We get it. We get it. Okay. Bye lady. Thank you
Did we get a definitive on skips age 30s early 30s?
You have a job to do. I have a job to do. Let's all do our jobs and she turns around
She bails. Well, I say we go to his house
I think probably what he saw in her is that she was such a strong, you know minded personality
She's really, you know, I respect the hell out of that lady. She was quite strong and
attractive to
To some of us I think
She really didn't make much of an impression on me, but to each their own well, you know some men have a natural
Predisposition against not natural. It's been ingrained by society against powerful women and it's really toxic
You gotta get over it. You just need to learn to
Admire and respect somebody like that instead of feeling threatened. Okay, that's great advice. So you guys
were
You guys are so cold while you're having this conversation and you're all just looking at this door of this
prefabricated trailer that is
right in front of you before we jump into this and Joe will hop to you first, but
due to the
content of
Delta green and role-playing games in general
I know that we have an understanding of each other and that we are close friends and we have been playing together for a long
Time and I've yet to have something happen in a game
Where one of you came up to me afterwards and we're like, I felt uncomfortable during that and I wish you wouldn't have done it
However, that's the goal. No
Hold on to your butts
So basically I want to implement a safe word
For this game and honestly just moving forward in all of our games
So if anyone is made uncomfortable at any time by the what is happening either whether it's me doing it or someone else
Doing it in a scene just say the word and we'll immediately fast forward like cut to the next scene and then afterward off-mic
We'll talk about it and how we can do better and make sure that that wouldn't happen again
Is that cool with everybody or doesn't even have any suggestions about how to do that better works for me
I think it's our safe word. What is the safe word is the question?
Kraft mac and cheese. I
Ran out of mac and cheese a few days ago, and it's really nice and innocent. I like that a lot
Let's go Kraft mac and cheese. All right, so if anyone says Kraft mac and cheese out of context
Then we know
To bail and move on I think that's too bad. This one takes place at the haunted craft factory
Yeah, the people voted for
named mac and cheese
Boy
Boy, all right. So as you guys are diving into
The utilities manager's office. Oh, he's the manager. Of course. He is it says right here
He's the manager of city utilities. Just like the main dude
This is what the one you're looking for
So Tanya drops off the group in front of Mills office and returns to her work and the prefabricated trailer
suffices as a base from which
sorties sorties sorties
Sorties means small parties that are sent out to for missions and such to go and yeah
Oh know that I didn't either if you played enough strategic RPGs like me and Thomas did you would be?
Fucking idiot if your family had exposed you to as much military history as a child like any proper American family should be then
You'd be well acquainted with what a sortie is sir
Fair that's why I when we're besieged
What was that when we're besieged I'm gonna be in charge of things none of not you fellas
Maybe Justin is you're my colonel. Yay, finally, I would have died in the initial blast
Yeah, we probably would have positioned you somewhere
Hey
Before we start I do have to go use the restroom before before we dive in deep before we go into the office
Yeah, that's fine
I'm never mad at you. I want to get to the meat of this thing. Well the miles I mean the Mills meet
Give me that Mills mate. Oh boy
Oh
Hey guys, yeah, when you go into the office
It's heated and as soon as you walk in you're like, oh
Hell yeah, because I wait Zach comes before we get any further we should clap again. Did you start recording again? Mm-hmm
Oh, that's good. We've been I've been recording the whole time. I just forgot to sync us up when I restarted it
Oh, we can do another class. So you have you've recorded two files now. Is that what you're saying?
I immediately started recording again. Oh, okay. That's fine. And I anyway I shouted real loud right there
So it should be easy to find in the file, but I'm gonna be off sync for the last
Very this is gonna be super confusing that it sounds good. All right, let's do the clap
one two three
Six seven
Nice
It's wild how behind it all is for me. Yeah. Yeah, it looked really really bad
Thankfully that's streaming baby, sir
I think it's literally physically impossible for us to clap on track together through streaming technologies
We could spend a while trying so you guys go into this office. It's warm. It's nice
You are stoked to be there there's a few fold-out tables a desk and a computer and
The only other thing that you notice is it kind of smells
What is that?
Like Bradford pears weird, that's like real bad, right?
It smells like come does smell like come. Yeah
Wow, it might not be trees even it kind of just smells like come in here
Oh, damn it
Is okay, I want to I want to search for come
Does it does it actually smell like come do we need to look yes, um, it absolutely smells like come in here
And as you kind of like, I mean you said it so as you're walking around
you can't kind of focus in on a centralized place and it's the desk and if you're like
Really moving your nose around the chair
Behind the desk has a little bit stained on the front of it. And then if you bend over
the underneath of the desk like if you're just like
smelling around
That's good audio
You're just getting a nose full of this guy's jaw sauce
Just like she's all up down here and you would notice that like the ground
Where his feet were is like the carpet is stiff and hardened and there is residue
Stained under the desk like the up and up underneath it. So he's shooting up there
Wants to check out his computer one, two, three. I'm sorry
So I was like I was reading this
Scenario again after I put it in the poll and people started voting for it and I was like, oh fuck a
Cum horror show like the first clear is like there's fucking cum everywhere
I think I think Terrence would willfully
like raise his hand because
He's like I
deal with quite awful things every day so I
Can do this and what do you do?
Checking the computer. Yeah
Let's see what he was making all this fuss about you move the mouse around and the computer's already logged on
Still logged in just just for the record while this is happening
I want my guy to be walking around the office like if there's file cabinets
He's going through some of those just okay just doing what you would do to search a room for signs of this person's life
Yeah, smoochy. What are you doing? Same? Yep, and Smith. What are you up to? I'm
Observing them all and taking diligent notes in my in my FBI issued notebook
That absolutely makes sense and I'm like, hey there make sure you don't disturb any of that cum
Fast night as
You're going through the computer you notice that there is a program that monitors the power grid
In the town the power grid monitor program, but it needs a separate password
But as you're going through the computer you find Mills's home address like immediately
On some correspondence or sorry, that's actually Joe you guys already had his home address
but you confirm it here in the office and then the web history is really
It's really horrifying
Fast night as you're as you're scrolling through
The the porn the porn the sheer amount of porn on this computer
that has been that it was accessed three days ago all between like the hours of
630 a.m. And 1 p.m. On January 3rd
It's like it's pornography in the sense of like past past
Films of people
Fucking each other this is getting it gets weirder and weirder and weirder and darker
And then more violent and more violent and then like he is trying to find the most punishing
Regardless of gender regardless of anything
Anything it's all about how violent the videos can get and
As you're just like looking through the names of these videos you have to roll sanity. Oh
These videos so fucked up just reading the titles of them makes you roll sanity for how gross I
Pass 52 on a 70 you lose zero sanity as
You have a 70 sanity. You're the sanest dude ever. Hell yeah, bro
Yeah, I've also got one of those
One of those seventies so due to your line of work as a female oversight agent
I would assume that you you're you're like pretty strong
Mentally for this kind of stuff. Yes, my past life has prepared me quite well for horrors and
Nasty shit happening to bodies
You feel me bro, he says out loud as he's searching the computer
Imagine having to touch that mouse and keyboard Wentworth and
Smoochie who has searched and who has SIG it or criminology
I've got a search of 40 and I've got a criminology of 30
60 search and
What was the other two criminology only 10? Can I pitch in on either of these? Yeah, what do you got?
70 search and 50 criminology
Okay, you guys know with all of that star-studded skill points
You guys see as you're looking about you see that on the backside of a desk calendar
Ecclesiastes 28 is written on it in ink pen on the back of a calendar and
Then go ahead and roll
SIGINT or criminology, I believe that is
I have a search notice again, but who had criminology. I have a 50 criminology
That is what I was asking for. Please roll criminology. I fail 82 on a 50. What was it?
Ecclesiastes what 28 28 and then Justin as fast night continues
He gets the gist of the history of what's going on on this computer and
Who's got computer science who's got the best computer I have 20 I have none
I got none Thomas
Hold on. Sorry. I've got the I've got Ecclesiastes 28 pulled up over my character sheet and I
Have none, okay
Okay, so 20% go ahead and roll that computer science there fast night
Oh
Crit fail 77
Explodes and kills me
Okay, so
You slip you slip and come and delete the file. So as you're going through here, you're trying to figure out what is
Going on and you see this power grid monitor program that's still up and you decide you're gonna try to get into it
Right. And so as these boys are looking around the room, you're just like typing typing
You're like, oh, I bet his password is his address and then he typed it in and then you're like, oh
I bet his address is
Mills and then you type it in and then you're like maybe skip Mills and then capital S
skip Mills and you do it until it's like you've been locked out of the system and
At that moment you turn around and they're like, hey, I found Ecclesiastes 28 written on the back
Mark Smith starts reciting it from memory. Oh, no, and he's kind of he kind of looks a little confused when no one else joins in
Yeah, Ecclesiastes 28 woe to the crown of pride to the drunkards of
Forgive me pastor's son, but uh, f Ryan
Is that right? I'm
If I really go for the pronunciation, it's a frame
Okay
Yeah, well whose glorious beauty is a fading flower
Which are on the head of the fat valleys of them that are who overcome with wine
Fat valleys, I guess that might be like a fupa there or something
Behold the Lord hath a mighty and a strong hold on fellas
Don't laugh cuz you're about to laugh more because verse 2 starts
Behold the Lord hath a mighty and a strong one
which is
Which is what I said to my wife when I woke up this morning
It's like oh look at that sometimes when you really got a pee it's like I didn't even know it could get that big but
Which as a as a tempest of hail and a destroying storm as a flood of mighty waters
Overflowing shall cast down to the earth with that with the hand
The crown of pride that drunkards of f Ryan shall be trodden under feet and the glorious beauty
Which is on the head of the fat valleys shall be a fading flower and as the hasty fruit before the summer
Which we need that looketh upon it seeeth while it is. I'm going way Irish
Why I think I'm getting to the end of the point
Have you not looked this clue up before
Anyway, basically if they don't it doesn't take too kindly to these drunkards of f Ryan interesting
Whose glorious beauty is a fading flower was that 20 Ecclesiastes 28?
Yes, and I'm of course quoting from the new King James version you asking that in character because he just resigned out loud
No, I was asking out of character cuz when I do it, I don't think I pulled up the same thing
I don't see f from listed anywhere in here
Oh
Boy if I pulled a Bible boner and quoted the wrong verse
I love how much this like hardcore religious guy talks about his dick
No, what are you talking about a dick when you talk about pulling a boner?
Okay, yeah
Bacon well, well, we'll make note of that and you can recite it later if it comes up
But I think that might just be the password for his computer. Have you tried that yet Terence?
ashamedly looks
Like it looks over. I I did I did too many. I did too many of the bad ones and
Now we are all locked
out of
the computer the come pewter
Did you guys like my awesome joke, I mean
Did you find anything in the computer before it locked you out? I I saw disturbing pornography
that would shake a normal person to their core, but
one such as I is not phased by
humanity's depravity
Okay
What a cool sentence to say to new friends I
Lean over to to
Frederickson Barry Frederickson, I'm like not exactly a fella you'd want to have over for you know
Meet a dinner of meat and potatoes, you know with with maybe like the Hendrickson's or maybe just your kids
That man's proclivities do not concern me do I hear all this urchin do I hear this
We're in a tiny office
Yeah, I mean it was implied that he was leaning over and saying that to me under his breath
But if you want it, okay, I roll to hear it roll to hear it. Oh
Boy good thing I have the lowest alertness possible. It's good for Delta Green. Oh, yeah
Seeing what's coming
So does Terrence
We haven't seen what was coming only what came
So, what's the plan I think we ought to head to this guy's house
So was the the confirmation of his home address the only other thing that I found in my young. Yeah. Okay
Can I do a search role on the place as well?
You can not would it would it be fruitless? Yep, you're good. Oh
Yeah, actually go ahead and roll roll search for me real fast
Fuck 83 on a 70
Perfect. I didn't have anything. I
Admire the gambit I
Like that you're like, you know what I'm gonna challenge myself to have something exactly
You found a cool candy bar and a can of coffee
You're feeling fucking good ad
15 sanities
Random free candy bar gives you 15
Someone comes up and says something not mean to you gain a sanity point Oh
Poor Terrence, I feel like in this office
There would be a paper map of the city for his records and I want to use it to try and locate
His house in comparison to where we are how far away it is. Oh something also I meant to ask earlier is
This does the city utilities. Do they have internet up and running here city utilities does have the internet live right now
All right, so we could what we could do even though we don't have
Access to the internet on our phones like when we go out and about we can download a local map of the area on
Google Maps and
Then we just have that. Oh, I think that's really smart
we can also do some scout and find out how to get from here to there and
Smoochy you were talking earlier at there about finding out where the shelters are you could get to Google in that while we have
All we have that Wi-Fi I will do that
So essentially what you've got is you've got the shelters are on the south side of town and then along the other
so the main shelter that's being used is
Written
Written down on my sheet. It says Truman Memorial High School
In the south down there is being used. Is there a phone number listed for it? Of course, why wouldn't there be?
Alright, give it a call
Okay, roll a 50% luck straight up and down on whether or not the phone line works this time around. I got a one
Crystal-clear. Yeah
Reception
Truman Memorial High School Becky speaking. Hey Becky
Um
You guys are using the school as a shelter at the moment, correct? That is correct. Um, do you happen to
Have a list of the people staying there like a check-in sheet of any kind, you know
We tried to start one but at the end of the day it got real out of hand
I'd say we got about half the people's names down right now, but we're working on it
Could you check and see if there's a name on there? I'm looking for somebody
Gosh because you rolled a critical success, I guess I got the sheet right in front of me
Yeah, I'm looking for mr. Mills Mills Mills Mills, I'm a speed reader nope, okay
I
Guess I'll ring you up if I need anything else. Who is this? I'm in charge
Security
We're civilians, I'm FEMA I'm with FEMA. Oh
Okay, you should lead with that next time is what I'm gonna say because if you called back here with just a normal success
I'm asking who you are first
Yeah, well save this number as FEMA. So everybody knows
Did you call from your what did you call from
I
Could I have there was a phone in the office?
Skip Mills office, but could I have call?
I'm gonna give you I'm gonna tell you that it would be smarter if you would have called from the office
Okay. Yeah, I I didn't have reception. So I use the cum covered telephone to call. I
Want to be clear the cum was in one location
You just did that he wasn't trying to Peter Parker's way through the office, okay
So I use
So you find out that Skip Mills is not at the shelter well he I tell them
well, they didn't have his name on the list there, but she also said that uh,
Not everybody's name is listed. So
I think that we should try his house first and and go there as a
Bug backup plan
Jay Hawkins is saying and I agree that the classic spider-man noise is the whip not goose
Spider Wang spider Wang goose, whatever a spider King
On the phone, no, we didn't just under the desk look out here comes Skippy Mills
Good good one Garth. I like was he looking on the top of his desk for a dice that he dropped
You never know
They do end up in strange places
That's true, I can't actually fault it there's a chance that thing ricocheted about 12 times and landed back there
Behind the scenes everybody
Well, okay, so it does bear noting that when we got the idea for letting you watch
These recording sessions we didn't know they would very quickly become
remote technological nightmares, yeah
We thought it would be a fun time with us all in the room
So, thank you for bearing with us and joining and I hope your quarantines going good
Yeah bear down on finals guys fat dog. Yeah, it's fat dog this
Very insensitive of you Zach
God I his face when he's like
That's where I got it from sorry we're talking about community
Okay, I was like, I don't remember this coming up. Yeah, it's it's a community episode. All right
I'm gonna go pee and then let's crack back into this
Are you serious?
No, so, okay
Joe
Yo, Barry Fredrickson gonna look over for your name Fredrickson looking at the map while
Smoochie is on the phone you notice that
Skip Mills lives a few miles away from here in
the north side of LaFontaine
Earl's rent a space is on the way there. It's in between the two locations cool
It's tempting is it might be to hit that up. We should maybe check it on the way back. Oh
Shit I'm not a southern character
It's immediately default role-playing voice, oh it's hard. Oh
Don't you know so yeah, that's what I sound like
And always have so don't let nobody tell you any otherwise and if I go leprechaun
It's not because I'm actually secretly a leprechaun. So
Can we roll to check on that?
a
Leprechaun
Love it
So, you know, they told us that the first thing we need to do is to find Stephen Mills. Skip Mills. Skip. Yeah
skip I just I
Definitely, I'm not this is you just know I'm not saying this is the group because we're not supposed to give out personal information
but
Definitely one of his kids is named skip and after seeing this come covered office. He's like
He's like no, no skip would do this
This is a Stephen for sure
Okay, okay so I I agree I think we should go find skip and then on the way back we can hit that storage box
and if he
Turns out to be some help. I think we'll need all the help we can get with that thing. Probably I agree
Yeah, yeah real quick before we go. Well, you know what? Maybe we should just get the drop on them at the shelter
I was gonna say maybe we should have that call that lady that Becky back and
And say hey, could you just start looking around for old skip there?
But maybe we don't want to alert him that we're on to him
Perhaps you could have her call us if she discovers him there
That's what I was getting at, but I don't want her tipping him off
But if she does come across the information, you know without probing, yeah, I don't I don't know
You know what to expect from skip but uh
My conversation with that lady. I don't know if I could convince her to
To even try to go look for him. Oh, wow. I didn't say it was it was she real rude dinner
No, I mean, I guess I could call back if you guys think but uh, it kind of just seems like we're
Not
Going anywhere, yeah, let's just go. Yeah, I'm just gonna say it you could go somewhere. Oh, yeah. Yeah, let's go to skips house
Any idea how to get there?
Yeah, we've got them and like how are we gonna get there walking right? I think we should probably oh that's you're simple
We got it. It's too cold and slippery out there. We got to take a vehicle
I'm sorry, but I'm from the north and they're just you know, it it riles me up here and these folks say such
How far is the house from where we are?
Can we can we get a vehicle from the city utilities to use
Exactly. They've got all kinds of they've got all kinds of vehicles for doing just this sort of sort of work
Yeah, does anyone have bureaucracy? I do what's it because I'm so good at talking to people. I have 50
Holy shit, so I let's does anyone else have a higher bureaucracy than that? No. Okay, so
Do you want to play this out Justin? Oh, you know it transport
Can I go talk to Tanya my one true love? Oh, oh she oh there she is
Sorry
Sorry, I had to turn it about that way. You see the logo, you know Carhartt
It's uh, it's not a little it's a lifestyle brand now and it also keeps you warm
Is Tanya just hanging out outside or something outside of the trailer or do we need to work our way back?
Yeah, no, you can't leave that there. If you leave that there, then we'll have to come get it later
What do you think? No, you can't just do that. Oh, if everyone did every what you're doing every single day
Excuse me. I'm sorry to interrupt what seemed to be extremely good leadership skills, but yeah
well, that's all I have I I
We need to borrow one of your big trucks
Not the small ones but a big
snow truck of some kind to
Go find skip. Do you think we could swing that? He slips her a $1 bill as he's saying
And I wink and I go I know how this works
She dies laughing she thinks this is the funniest thing she's ever seen she's like
People people in the government have no sense of humor these days. That's fucking hilarious
Joking only she rifles through this big keychain that she has and she finds one that's got a
Honestly, I'm out of my element here and it's not in the scenario
What kind of vehicle would they be using to to drive around town?
Do you think this is a big old like a monster truck a pickup truck with the weird stuff in the back a month?
Yeah, it's a monster truck. I changed my mind town monster truck
It's used for it's used for parades and stuff for the city utility. It's called this. It's called the snow angel
It is like a disco ball that's always rotating on the back
yeah, no, it's a pickup truck with a disco ball hanging from the mirror up front and
monster truck no and
Not even one of those pickup truck monster trucks. Ooh, yeah, like where it's like a little it's like a regular-sized pickup truck
But it has big old monster truck wheels. Oh, yeah, we can do that. That's yeah
You got big ass and truck nurse
Okay disco balls I
And it's got a big old sick-ass machine gun on the back
It's got there's no balls on the back that are branded city utility. Oh hell yeah, we'll take it
We'll take it on our way out. I want to go over in the corner of the office
We're in and in my backpack. I pull out what looks like a
Smoke detector and I stick it on the ceiling and turn it on. Oh sick. What'd you just put in there?
Yeah, what was you fill in your fellow?
Investigators and on what you just put what I did there. Yeah, it's uh, it's got a camera in it
See if anybody comes back here
You know
Just in case very cool
You don't you know, I think that's pretty cool too don't start any fires cuz it doesn't work like that
It's just do you have more of these?
I've just brought the one don't don't you know that now would be a good time to talk about what we all brought to this
Year party. I think that's a great idea after you guys see me stick that on there you say that and I just put my
I have like a hiker size backpack
Put it on the ground and start pulling stuff out of it to show you guys
I've got a bunch of hand and feet warmers just in case cool. I've got two
GPS trackers like tiny GPS trackers
I've got that smoke detector that I already stuck on the ceiling
I've got a pair of night-vision goggles a pair of handcuffs a pair of binoculars and
A grapple hook with 15 feet of rope tied to it. That's cool Joe
He looks at you guys and he pulls a little notebook out of his pocket out of the inside coat of his pocket
I simply brought the only tool that I need
Typically we find new tools in the field. Wait, what is it a pocket knife? No pocket notebook
Okay, I admire that kind of old-fashioned Terrence Terrence thinks that that's really fucking cool
Instinct. Yeah, I got a don't you know, I think that's pretty fucking cool tool Terrence opens up
He has like a leather. What do you call like us? What is it when it's like a little like a weird hard leather suit?
Yes. Yeah, he like pops it open and he has a
scalpel and some other little metal instruments some gloves and surgical masks a
magnifying glass some first-aid supplies a cool book and a lighter and some cigarettes and
I think did I say gloves and scarf? I can't remember if I said that I zoned out. I
Just brought the essentials and some a couple extras
What about what about you? Well, here's what here's what I got and marks myth
He has just like a carry-on like wheeling little suitcase thing
and he's got some some warm sweaters some warm socks a book about like the history of the FBI like a
Book about like an historical event in the 30s or something cool
But then he also sets down like his his checked luggage and it's this big long hard case and you see two
Like target shotguns in it. It's like, you know, I'm I'm
When you know when I'm not shooting
Unknown horrors for for the big DG there. I I took up shooting skeet
And it's pretty it's I've traveled all over with these before so is no problem checking them on the plane there
So if anybody else needs if anybody thinks they're handy with a shotgun there
Oh, I'd say I'm slightly above average with a firearm. I'm almost exactly average. Yeah, I
Know my way around a shotgun, but I don't believe I'll be needing one right now
You know, it's here. They're too big and if I shoot it on middle to shoot me backwards like a cartoon
character
That is a yeah, that is an issue with these sometimes there
So I'd say just go ahead and bring those with us in the truck and hopefully we don't have to use them anyway
Yeah, so I got those in socks
Can I have you guys do the headphones off for just real quick and I'll do a quick wave
my
Guy was very purposefully not telling them about the two guns that he has
He discarded the carry-on and put him into holsters on underneath his coat and very specifically
Only pulled out that notebook from inside his coat. He didn't open this coat. Fantastic. Yeah
You're back so
You guys are going to skip Mills's first. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so you load up the truck
And you head a few miles to the home of skip Mills in
LaFontaine and as you're driving through it's the same site that you saw earlier through the back of
that truck the
City was just completely destroyed
I mean I we live in the Midwest and we have the internet so we know what that looks like
Well, dude, do we Zach some of us some of us some of us lives through it Zach
And some of us apparently we're at Zach. Yeah yours truly
Didn't I moved here one year after I moved here in Oh eight?
Perfect the great ice storm of ott7 struck struck Springfield drunk
Springfield it struck it down for two full weeks
Covered an ass it was stuck at my friend's house and we couldn't play Guitar Hero because there was no electricity. That's horrible
I bet that's the worst thing that happened
It was actually really fun
Yeah, you guys loving this quarantine, all right, so
You guys get out to this house in a dilapidated a dilapidated a dilapidated
neighborhood a few miles from city utilities
Nearly all the residences on this block are foreclosed and those that aren't are busy recovering from the storm
The windows of this house have been papered as
You park even you can hear jazz music
loudly blaring
From inside and as you all get out, I want you to tell me what you're bringing with you as you smell
Who an odd stench that it seems really familiar since you've been in that office for a while
But even through this like frigid air
It's just Bradford Tree City out here is like you're walking through the campus of Missouri State University in fall
famous canals like
jism
Yes, I I leave my backpack in the truck
But I bring with me one GPS tracker and then I put a new
Set of foot warmers in my shoes and hand warmers and my gloves nice continue on staying warm, baby
Terrence would have his suitcase with him at all times. It's not like a super humongous suitcase because I'm not carrying anything like
Enormous in there. It's a tiny suitcase. Yeah, like a mid-sized not like those huge
I don't know. I'm just thinking of how people have those like enormous ones. I just have my my nine millimeter
Under my under my parka as we step out of the monster truck
I've got my gun and a pair and a pair of socks. Okay, I throw an extra pair of socks into my
Into my back pocket when you hop out. I look back at the truck
I'm like, do I know that you have that gun on you or not?
Yeah, don't know all of us except for Joe have our service. I don't have a gun on me
I don't have a gun either. I've thought when he sent the circle thing that said no guns
That means I couldn't have a gun that is what yeah for sure unless you were with the force
But he but he's with the force is what it sounds like he described
Did you describe out of character the?
Yeah, I think you said FBI mustache at one point nevermind. We don't necessarily know that you're
No, well first of all, what do you guys how are you involved with all this if you're not I've never met anybody who wasn't
Like me on one of these missions, but first of all, what do I mean by like me?
I don't mean anything by like me because you don't know I'm no I'm no federal agent
I'm a I'm a second Second Amendment enthusiast and
I'd rather not get into my personal details and to be honest. I really don't care about yours
How is he come on like that guy's gotta be a cop listen to him?
anyway
Mind if I bring one of your shotguns? Well, I kind of I kind of was leaving them behind cuz it was inconspicuous
We also you know, hey, I thought you all would be strapped as it were Mark Smith would know that looking around
This neighborhood is desolate. Honestly the idea of being inconspicuous in a place like this
seems strange because when you look around it is
Ghost town. I mean frozen iced over but still like there is nothing and the only the only reason that it feels
Normal in any way is the music coming from this house, but that combined with the smell and also
What you have come to expect from Delta Green leads you to believe that
You know, it's probably just house full of
Come that's gonna come alive. Oh, yeah
So
cube
Mark Smith looks around and he like sees he just hears the wind howling
Behind the jazz and like a dog barking in the distance, but he doesn't see any other activity
And he thinks about what he's seen on these on these missions before
You know
Dad might not be a bad idea there and I hand him I hand him one shotgun and I take the other
when you hear those dogs barking will you roll for me an
intelligence or a science biology or a
Now
That everybody now just Thomas when you say certain things it unlocks me to ask you for a role sometimes
39 on a 75 intelligence when you're listening to those dogs barking
You could have sworn that you heard one. That's like
Like howls out in pain and then you hear a
Oh
That doesn't sound like a dog did any of you fellas hear that hear that dog maybe just get
It by an owl there. I heard something. I don't know I didn't
I might have just heard barking but I wasn't paying no attention. I was looking at this shark
It's always yeah, it's always good
To be be aware of the firearms in your possession at all times because it's really cold outside the moment
You're not that's when accidents start happening. But what are we waiting around for? Let's go. Come on
We got a cum monster to catch real fast
I assume that the this is a neighborhood that doesn't have power is that the case and
If that is the case, do we see lights from the house that we're approaching?
So there are lights in this house that you see on but the windows are papered over
But you can kind of see some light through the paper
but mostly you can tell that there is power due to
You know the music blaring you can assume unless it was some sort of wireless speaker with a pre-charged phone
easily possible in these times, however
Most people aren't like flaunting their electricity or flaunting their battery life
When they don't write power the rest of the neighborhood is dark around us, yes, okay
Yeah, and looking around like it said earlier
You honestly can't really tell the difference between the homes that have been foreclosed
And the ones that people are living in that don't have power anymore, but this definitely does seem like a place where?
Where power is is few and far between cool. I forgot if you answered me earlier. Is it day or night time right now?
It is morning. Okay, you guys arrived in it like
8 a.m.. 7 a.m.. Somewhere in there, so it's probably
9 a.m.. By now cool. What took it's just really far from the airport
We were at the airport at 1145 right it says in my notes that the agents arrive at 7 a.m.. On January 6th
I don't know why that is if you arrived in st. Louis at 1245
But maybe you had to wait we had to wait for lion's choice to open
Honestly you probably had to wait for this like and then we do and then we drove the 10 minutes to La Fontaine
Yeah, no you you definitely just had to wait for the rest of the like the trail the supplies and everything to get all packed
Up and oh that makes sense they realize
Yeah, and then like you know
Gary wasn't there yet
And so they had to wait on Gary and then they realized that they'd loaded up with the wrong supplies into this truck
And so they had to switch them out with the supplies that were going into the other truck
But they're both going to these her. It's cold out here. That's good
How do you guys approach the house quickly
So any of you fellas have any kind of crime fight in
experience
Official vigilante or otherwise oh, yeah, okay?
Well, why don't you and I any is anybody here real good at talking as it were?
Super cold um yes, I am
General alright, I don't know if he's gonna be super receptive to seeing us just with the shotgun
So we might want to keep those a little bit hidden, but why don't you talk to this fella, okay?
I took the shotgun under my duster
And I knock on the door the music is so loud from inside that you know that no matter how hard you knock
You're probably not gonna get a response this music is like blaring. Okay. I checked the door is it locked nope I?
Open it up
What do I see when you open it up one you are here looking at me with a stench you're hit
Just like like almost like your hair just goes stands back as it's just like a waft a big
waft of this smell that you have smelled
now
many times
today
that reminds you of
Come I don't know. I'm trying to think of a different way to say that of like it reminds you of
your room and
Creator
But
You find as you guys walk into this home
Mills has turned his home into a sickening tribute to the flesh
The walls are plastered with pornography of every shade some printed from the internet and some from purchased
Magazines the TVs and computer screens are all transmitting filth the home reeks of
Organic decay and the heat is set as high as it will go
It is toasty it is a toaster oven in here and the the oh
God everyone everyone roll Constitution except for
except for
Fast night you're good. No shit. I rolled a one again
No way, I promise that is wild less interesting, but I rolled an 83 again
No way
Yeah, technically that's just as crazy guys so I
Failed mine I was a 97
So the two of you are
Immediately taken aback by everything about this and oh geez cut monster
Wentworth just covers his nose with a glove and
Maybe wretches a little but yeah, it's the most emotion you guys have seen in
Frederickson for God knows how long and
maybe ever and
As you are adjusting to the inside of this home
It's hot as fuck Terrence walks in and the first thing he notices is the heat not the
Noxious fumes that are being emitted from everything. Where does the music sound like it's coming from?
The music is coming from upstairs
would
Anyone care to accompany me upstairs for to turn this off? I'm already headed up the stairs
So, oh, that's cool that you just did
Well, I did it five seconds ago
Okay, so
Justin is going up the stairs with a smoochie following behind. What are the other two doing?
Wentworth is just staying downstairs
Trying to overcome how grossed out he is and using the time to like
In his acclamation to the room. He's using it to scan the room and take it all in
See if there's anything he can glean from the scene downstairs. What's your human? I mean the baseline 10, okay
And what is your medicine? I've got a first aid of 30
Okay, and what is your alertness?
70 on the alertness, okay
Thomas does
Mark Smith have
human or
medicine
60 human no medicine 50 alertness. Okay. So as you guys are kind of walking around
downstairs
Justin and Luke as you guys are heading upstairs go ahead and take your headphones off
As
You guys are walking around oh gosh, let's see Mark Smith you notice that
skips descent into madness
It takes a path
Seems to be layers and layers of pornography that he's can coon himself in with are getting more and more
Violent more and more deviant and you kind of begin to think as you're looking around
That this was some sort of attempt to cage himself in with his own twisted urges
coating the walls and
stimulation to prevent himself
from leaving and
Joe we've got Frederickson with alertness noticing that
This is not the house of a bachelor or at least not one as mundane as Mills was before the store because the interior
design is gaudy and
There are pictures of skip with his mother all over the mantle and I'm gonna go ahead and give these
one of these bird fellas
To get these boys back in here. Hey Luke, he can't hear me. That's the whole point. His headphones are literally off to
We couldn't yell out enough
Hi, hey and then so let's have Thomas and Joe take your headphones off as the other two go upstairs
Hmm clump clump clump as the two of you are walking up the stairs
Oh
Terrence fast night as soon as you turn the corner
He's got like one of those where you like walk up the set of stairs and then turn a corner to go up to the
next set of stairs as soon as you hit that corner and you look up with
Henry smoochy literally on your back like right looking over your shoulder the two of you see a
man in his early 30s and
He is completely naked
Cool that's all
No, that's not so he is
He is just covered in blood and scratches all over him
He is emaciated and he looks gaunt and his eyes are like
Completely like back in his head like he is not paying attention to you at all
But his dick is in his hand and he's just like slowly like hitting it against his thigh
Making this like pat pat pat pat pat sound and he turns and looks at you guys and
you see something in his eyes and
I
I need you to roll a humid either one of you or both of you. I have psychotherapy
That'll do it. Okay. Oops. Yeah, I didn't pass on humid. I
Did not pass either. Okay, so this guy is just like looking at you with these big eyes and he starts
walking towards you and he's like
Hey
Hey, hey, hey. Hey. Hey, are you guys um
You guys are you guys are?
You guys are real, right?
Skip yeah skip is this you I need you both through all sanity. I
Passed 23 on a seven. I got a 17 on a 50. Oh, yeah. No, you guys are real you guys are
Oh, yeah
Well, I bet you're real
Kind of shoulders back
He puffs his chest out and he starts kind of like doing one of these where he's like kind of dancing
Well a little shoulder movement side to side back and forth and his hips are kind of moving back and forth
And he's like, what's up guys?
What's up, you coming into my house? You wanna hang out? You wanna have a time?
Skip, what are you guys doing? What are you what are you doing? Why aren't you at work?
Like no you guys are good. Maybe just one of you probably for now
I don't think I could handle both at the same time if you know what I mean, are you looking at you?
That's fun. Yeah, what are you guys doing? Who wants to who wants to come who wants to come first?
I mean over here not I mean if you want to we could but I read that's probably what?
You guys into this skip no. No the fuck is going on here. Sorry. I just I haven't really happened
I
Really haven't been able to practice my game in a while. You know what I'm talking about
But can I see where the music is coming from? Yeah, it's behind him in a room
Yeah, you can use like a serious understand him
But yeah, it is probably just a stereo blaring in one of the rooms. I get frustrated trying to
Figure out what the hell's going on with him and all the loud music
So I just I want to go into that room and shut the music off. Okay, so
Justin what is fast night doing?
I want to shout downstairs for the the other
Agents to come up here with us since we found skip sounds good Justin take your headphones off. Okay?
Luke as
Henry smoochy or rather
Glick goes into you you walk right past him and he's like, oh, hey, this guy's up first
sounds good and
He gets this
Huge smile on his face
He follows you into the room where you're going to turn off the stereo and you turn it off
It's dead silent. And when you turn around
As his mouth just like
fully opens up and coming out of it is this wiggling worm that is like
It's got segments on it
But more importantly on the tip of it is just this black gaping hole and on the outside of it
there are four bone like needles that are coming out like
Tink-tink-tink-tink-tink-tink-tink-tink and they all like a claw like a claw arm
Basically in a machine where you win games, but this one they're made of bone and they are
Extremely sharp and they are coming right for you
Okay, wait just to clarify this thing came out of his mouth is it still connected to him or yes
so it seems to be in order mouth worm thing and then
Mouth on the end of the worm and then around the mouth are these Ford bone needles coming out
also, I love watching Joe and Thomas's face as they're watching this Joe's face is
Cracking me up. Anyway, I
Need a roll from you
Yeah, so get those dice ready. What are you doing to try to combat this or are you gonna happen?
well, no, I
Let out a scream like ah, oh actually roll sanity first just for important reasons
Oh
27 on us 50. Okay, so you're still gonna lose one sanity. Okay, and you can scream if you want to
Yeah, I scream and while I'm doing that I raise my shotgun up
I don't and I pull the trigger but the safety's on
What why would you make the safety on without rolling cuz I didn't turn it off cuz
He was saying how he likes gun safety, so I try to do that and
Before I can like flip it over to turn the safety off. I just like shove the barrel into the thing's mouth
Okay, cool
so I'll let you roll firearms if you want to if it's higher than melee weapons because you're using the firearm as a
Melee weapon and I am rolling and I succeeded with a 28
Okay, I got higher firearms. So I
I
Got an 85. Oh
I doubt that's a success. No, that is fit
Okay, so it's gonna be one of these I'm gonna bring the rest of the boys in here
I turned down the monitor volume on my headphone, so I wouldn't accidentally catch any words, but I still heard a jump-scare in there
I heard some screeches
Lordy Lordy
Smith and Fredrickson from downstairs the two of you here first Justin
someone skips up here and it's it's uh
Ten seconds later you hear ah
Do we hear any like running or footsteps or pounding or anything or just the screen for now? You just hear the screams
a
Little comforting quick. What's it called when you go back and change something?
retcon
and
quick retroactive
Conflagration, what's that word mean? So a proactive re envisioning
So the two of you would actually hear fast night hauler and then you would hear the music go
Completely silent and then you would hear Henry smoochie scream out and then the two of you decide
Yeah, so it's probably a pretty good idea to go up there then I will follow your lead so calm the energy here
So calm as the two of you get up to the stairs
You see that
Terrence fast night is at the corner turn of the stairs waiting for the two of you and you both approach just in time
To see Henry smoochie get pushed out of this room
Backwards so he's flying out of the doorway of this room up against the wall
And he slams is the back of his head into the wall and you see right on top of him right in front of him
Is a naked?
bleeding cut-up
emaciated gaunt just disgusting human being with his dick out and
He more importantly than the dick out
Protruding from this man's mouth is this weird segmented worm and you see from the side you've got these bony
needles that are extremely sharp and there are four of them on the end of this like worms mouth that are coming out and
they are attached just on either side of the eyes and
just inside the jaw of
Henry smoochie and this worm is truck is slowly
going into like the bones are holding it in place and the worm is like moving slowly and
Trying to wiggle its way into the mouth of Henry smoochie and that is where we're gonna call it for this evening
Thing cooking up
Thing
Patrick Swayze, where are you? We all know it's wrong Kurt Russell not Patrick Swayze, whatever. Holy shit
Well, okay. This is getting fucked up. Damn. I just thought the horror was come. I
Didn't think nothing else bad bad was gonna happen. I could make it really easy for you
I wrestled a gun away from one of the guys and I shoot myself. So there you go
that story
Want to make it easier for you, I was just gonna shoot the creature but
Yeah, that's a that's a way to do it I was gonna yell let it happen I'm enjoying this and
Like peace out everybody
Okay. Yeah, that's just let's just get back into character do that real quick and then we'll be done
Yeah, you know what if we all accept the worm
I
Fuck I fucking accept the worm become worm. Oh didn't think of that DM digit that everybody would band together to
That's step in line let the monster eat you you guys can try to take over the town of you know
Wherever you're at that I wrote down somewhere
Wherever you're at
You guys can we you guys play the monsters and
Okay, that would be fun. But can we do it in one where we're not come worms?
I'll only do it if I get to become
Oh
You
