Hey, what's up? It's Zach. I just want to pop in here up top to make a quick announcement.
It's getting really cold outside. We here at PTBP feel super grateful to not only have a
warm place to sleep at night, but also the means to help those who don't. So we're going to take
the money from all new and upgrading Patreon supporters throughout the month of November.
We're going to double it and we're going to buy blankets and sleeping bags for folks in
Springfield who need them. So one more time for the people super focused on washing dishes or
eating pussy or both, if you join our Patreon or upgrade your support any time in the month
of November, we are going to take all that new and upgraded money, we're going to double it,
and then we're going to use that money to purchase blankets and sleeping bags for people in our area
who need some help staying warm this winter. This David Winters. Whatever, here's Wolf.
Hello my children from times past, present, and future. I've only just now in this moment
realized that I happen to be stuck in a fucking cage in this godforsaken barn.
And despite all my rage, I somehow wound up in the 1990s. What the flippin' fuck is going on
around here? My producer's going to get an earful about this whenever he is. But anyways,
since I'm stuck here, I may as well continue the show. As I always say, the show must go on.
I invented that saying. Everyone else who says it is plagiarizing me. Anyway, we got a new Howlin'
with Wolf, and this week's is presented by Stephen Lee from Brampton, Ontario, Canada,
who tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pog. He writes, hello PTBP crew.
I wanted to thank you for hours of horrifying, heroin, and hilarious content. Last October,
I was seeking some good spooky content to binge and scratch that delta green itch,
and I began to listen. Listening motivated me enough to get a one-shot started with my
gaming group. Keep up the great work, and I'd like to shout out my own agents, Hannah, Sarah,
and Scott, as they probe the limits of scientific knowledge and the edges of what's real.
Well, damn. Hello, Stephen Lee. I'm happy that whatever this show is inspired you to do
something. You only have one shot in this life, unlike me, and I'm glad you are shooting that
one shot to run a one-shot with a gaming group. I'm glad you're doing whatever the hell it is
you're doing, and I hope you're loving doing it. Ta-ta for now. Well, now, if you want to
write up something for your dimension hopping wolf to hell, it's really quite simple. Just
tag at Pretending Pod on Twitter or Instagram, or you can go above and beyond. Spend 30 seconds
of your time. Write a quick five-star review on Apple Podcasts, and then let us know it was you
with an email to pretendingpod at gmail.com. Pretending Pod. Pretending Pod. Pretending Pod.
If you can't support the show by telling your friends that you're a heckin' weirdo,
throw us some bones on Patreon in exchange for a slop trough full of 24 episodes. Like that piece
of shit Zack said at the top of the show, we're out here slingin' extra tent to purchase tents
and sleeping bags for folks who need them. It's cold out there, but Wolf's got a warm heart.
Now, everyone listening to this, please do me an actually important favor. Stop whatever you are
doing right now. Raise your snout to the sky like the animal you are, and shout these three words
at the top of your lungs. Fuck Mark Zuckerberg. It's time for the news. Last time, Federal
Marshal Harlan Nash, ATF Agent Tanner Tan, Luda Hyde, and DEA Agents Joe Dean and Cindy Woodabaga
were sent to Groversville, Tennessee, the bud end of regional jokes due to the reported UFO sightings
in the area. What brought them there, however, was neither unidentified nor flying. A recent high
school graduate named Billy Ray Spivey smashed a hole in his dad's chest before going on a
painkiller-focused burglary spree, which included punching a gas station attendant in the head so
hard that the victim's gore detached and flew off his shoulders. After being hit center mass with
four rounds, Billy went down long enough for the cops on the scene to detain and sedate the
unnaturally strong teen boy. With that information, Ncel badgered the apprehended and restrained Billy
Ray, considered cutting him open, and eventually went to his girlfriend's house in Groversville.
She wasn't there, but they talked to her weird mom for a weirder amount of time. Thankfully,
they found a business card in her room for Scott Adams, a UFO hunter with a group called Watch the
Skies. Watch the Skies? More like watch these guys keep interviewing this cool ass mom for the next
four episodes. Shit might get hairy, but at least we have Brat Pit with Miss Mary.
You guys know the we are farmers thing, but this time it's like
David Winters. David Winters is here, everyone, to run us through a game of Delta Green. Yes,
he decided that one episode was not enough. You didn't get the closure you were seeking, David?
No, I was shooting for a single episode appearance, but it seems as though I bit
off more than I could chew, and I am now contractually obligated to stay.
We are a mouthful. We did find you to a really, really brutal contract.
How much are we making him pay us?
Really should read those things before I sign them.
We actually have a controlling stake in the glass cannon network now.
He's going to have to break to those guys.
Well, I didn't have one in the first place. Well, it's kind of like every time you update
your phone's operating system, and you're just like, agree, agree, agree. How bad could this be?
That's what we actually slipped it into, was your latest Samsung terms of service.
We looked at you, and we were like, he's not an Apple guy. He's not using an iPhone.
He's like me.
He's one of the Thomases of the world.
Actually, I bet you are an Apple guy. Am I correct? Yes.
I was wrong. I walked in the store the other day. I was like, give me another one, please.
Not the newest one, but one that's better than mine currently that will actually open up
when I click an app because there for a while, David, I was clicking an app,
and then it would just close because my phone didn't work anymore because it was 10 years old.
Wow. That's impressive.
10 years old?
Yeah.
2011?
Yeah, as an iPhone original series. I had the OG iPhone.
Wow. That was from 2007.
Yep. A decade ago.
Never forget.
We already did 30 seconds of silence.
Yeah, but then Luke brought up 9-11, so we've got to do 30 more.
30 more.
Josh, respect.
Jesus.
I don't want to do another 30 seconds.
It's so uncomfortable the first time.
You know what was uncomfortable?
As as a nation, watching those people leap to their deaths.
Can we take 30 fucking seconds, Joe?
A moment of silence.
I don't like that at all.
No, sir.
And with that, I think let's get into this episode of this one shot that we're doing
here with David Winters.
Have you ever heard this? Winters is coming.
That's what he says every time he climaxes.
Episode two.
We feel like we know you.
We're comfortable with you, David.
Are you comfortable?
I'm so comfortable.
You don't even know.
That is actually scary.
All right, let's go into this 18-year-old girl's room.
Mm-hmm.
We just found a business card.
Yeah, and we're gonna...
Yes, yes, yes.
We need to go talk to Bradley Allen, he uses his computer.
We've got a lot of people we need to talk to.
Bradley Allen has potentially been at work missing this whole time,
but we do know there's an internet-capable computer at his work, so...
Was the town hall and the sheriff's office all kind of together?
Yep, yep, that's all the center of Grover'sville.
We're gonna kill a lot of birds.
He found a business card, just to recap.
Scott Adams, watch the skies with an email address.
Watch the skies at AOL.
Watch.
Yes.
He's probably still working through his 20 free hours
from his last three and a half inch floppy disk that he just received.
Those were fun in the early 90s.
All the CDs and floppy disks is where they try to get you hooked.
AOL mailers.
You're like, hey, you can get 20 hours of internet a month for $15.
Now, did you look more closely at the business card?
We didn't even get to the business card that much.
Did we put it under blacklight?
Yeah, if you have a black...
Someone has to have a Room Raider style blacklight flashlight
on their character sheet, right?
I think Harlan definitely would.
He was wearing cargo pants.
I think all those pockets were full of things like that.
That was...
We didn't have time to send you the list of things in Harlan's pants,
but I reviewed it beforehand.
That was one of the things.
If you want to check the business card for semen, you can do so.
Yeah, that's standard procedure in my line of work.
This is a pretty sexy business card.
We do need to think like 1992, so we should probably also check for prints.
So we do that because we're cops in 1992.
Rest in peace.
The show?
The show.
Yeah, that was sad.
30 seconds of silence.
What's up, everybody?
Further look at the business card.
Yeah, we are investigating the business card, right?
Yeah, so do you want to use forensics if any of you...
Yeah, I got 50 of that.
Hey, me too.
I ain't got none.
Go for it.
49!
I failed a 61.
Alright, with your forensic skill, you dust for prints,
but that's a weird thing to dust for on a business card.
However, also with your forensic skill, you flip the business card over
and there's also a phone number handwritten on the back.
Good thing you rolled a success.
Otherwise, you wouldn't have seen that.
I'm looking at it.
What are these numbers?
Alright, I swear to God, these make the same amount of digits.
How many is a phone number?
We'll have to call it.
I bet it's Scott Adams.
We'll have to get to a phone.
I bet there's one near the computer at Bradley's office.
Hey, do you think this is famed creator of Dilbert, Scott Adams?
That's the assumption I was operating under.
I bet it is.
Cindy Woodapega looks really serious and goes,
I don't read the newspaper.
And not even the funnies?
Dilbert's a slice of office life comic.
I've got a few of them posted up in my cubicle back at,
you know, our main DAA headquarters in the city that that is located in.
Whatever field office we're currently based out of, which is uh...
Memphis?
Yeah, Memphis.
Back in my cubicle in Memphis.
I'll show you when we get back there.
I look forward to it.
It's pretty funny.
Dogworth flies a plane.
Well, Nancy, I think I know what the answer is going to be,
but are you familiar with the Scott Adams fella?
Yes, but I haven't seen a newspaper and...
Oh, sorry.
Not the Dilbert guy.
No, this.
And I show her the business card.
No, I don't.
I don't know who that is.
Was your daughter into like Dilbert or UFOs or anything like that?
Either of those things.
Yeah, and stuff like it.
A weird Venn diagram of the two.
Yeah, she collected all of the alien themed Dilbert cartoons.
How'd you know?
That just a lucky guess.
That Venn diagram's a circle from November of 87.
I ran for a few weeks.
Dogworth flies a UFO.
No, I have no idea who Scott Adams is, nor do I care.
Nancy, this is kind of a stretch, but did your daughter ever mention,
you know, exploring the theoretical limits of human capability,
perhaps through surgical enhancements?
No, I thought you were going to say through seeking higher education in college,
and she has discussed that, but surgical enhancements less so.
Where did she want to go?
She wanted to go to the Ohio State University because the V sounds so strong.
Prestigious.
I agree.
That is, that's assertive.
Did she already have a major picked out?
I don't think so.
I don't know.
Illustration?
Yeah, cartoon literary critique.
It's all coming together.
Nancy, this is very important.
Did she ever correspond with any famous cartoonists?
She did with Scott Adams, Gary Larson, Gary Larson.
The far side?
Yes, she's a big far side fan.
The rapper?
Who isn't?
Oh no, I mean, I've got just as many far sides as I do Dilberts.
I can't wait to get you back to Memphis.
I can't wait to get you back to Memphis is an awesome name for a country album.
Yep.
Holy shit.
Well, do you guys, can you think of anything else or should we try to get on the internet?
I wish you the best of luck trying to find this internet you're looking for.
Yeah, I would say you're pretty suspicious to me, but I can't really put my finger on it.
That doesn't mean you're considered a suspect at this time.
Person of interest.
Perhaps.
Okay.
We like letting people know being very transparent.
But a human role on her.
Tell me if she's under the influence of anything.
Can I do that?
That's good.
You can roll medicine or human.
Uh, I'm going to human.
Cause no one has medicine.
I critical fail 88.
Oh, you just yell.
She's on drugs.
She looks as though with your critical fail that she might be very high on PCP right now.
Does his critical fail preclude me from trying to human role?
You can go for it.
The side effects of PCP at higher doses include hallucinations, catatonic posturing,
increased blood pressure, rapid heart rate, raised temperature, and shallow breathing
of which is demonstrating all of them with your critical failure.
How do you know David Winters?
This is part of my prep.
I have to, I have to have a random.
Sorry, honey.
I have to live and breathe these characters.
Micro doses, PCP.
I'm like whispering to one of them.
She's, she's sweating and she's got the elevated heart rate and her shallow breathing.
You'd see it, right?
You see all those signs, right?
Yeah, we're, it is classic signs of PCP, but, uh, there does seem to just be something
strange in her eyes.
Uh, something that's not there.
Why don't I take a crack at this?
I rolled a, uh, a 38 on a 60.
She does not look to be under the influence of PCP.
Contrary.
This is classic PCP.
It's not.
I agree with Harlan.
Wait, you look, bear in mind, you do have, you do have two DEA agents and you have tattoos
of PCP on your arm.
I have so many PCP tattoos that show what PCP looks like.
Do you have any ICP tattoos?
Well, you have the cartoon of Dogbert doing PCP and demonstrating all the effects.
Yes, of course.
Well, my juggalo name is tattooed on the back of my neck.
Crystal.
Crystal.
So I wanted to roll a natural and I rolled a 91 because I was trying to see if there's
anything in her eyes that looked unnatural as I'm trying to make my determinations,
but I failed miserably.
Do you have any unnatural?
I have 10 unnatural.
I took it to explain my backstory, uh, which, oh, I'll get to it.
If you don't die first.
Fair enough.
We've seen her far in the future shitting on a toilet with her smartphone.
It was a 90 year old woman.
I've got no problem killing this person in the universe forking in two directions.
So you're on notice sec.
He's not invincible.
Damn it.
Okay.
I don't think she's on.
I can't tell that she, do you think she's on drugs?
No, I don't think she's on drugs.
Yeah.
I think she's just really fucking weird.
Yeah.
I don't really like being around her.
It makes me very uncomfortable.
I did kind of want to have this whole conversation like away from her.
We're all just staring her in the eyes while we're talking,
but honestly she's probably fine with it.
Yeah.
She's just watching you just like something's clearly wrong, but I don't think it's drugs,
ma'am.
Um, have you come under any four episodes of us just questioning this?
You guys are, you're down with Intel, right?
Absolutely.
Okay.
Um, ma'am, have you come under the influence of anything?
He kind of loves his voice and gets like a little closer.
Spooky.
Don't do me now.
Spooky.
Is the X-Files out yet?
Like dragons, aliens, Allens.
Oh, you know what?
I've been in about a year.
There's a show like an exactly this, this time next year.
You're going to be like, wowie zowie.
Wow.
I can really relate to what those guys were going through.
They should have called it the end files.
Anyway, I saw that in my partner's eyes one time.
That's how I know.
We sound crazier than she does.
So we need to get the fuck out.
Let's go talk to Bradley.
Time to leave.
Look at that.
Take care.
Cool.
Yeah.
Can we do like a little quick search of the rest of the house as we go out?
Sure.
Like just to search.
I rolled a 16 on a 70.
Pass.
48 on a 50.
I failed.
I failed too.
A 79 on a 70.
I rolled a 79.
They tumbled down the stairs, but we noticed behind a picture frame.
Yeah.
Oh shit.
Boy, well, no critical successes.
That's what I was.
I was looking for there.
Otherwise you would have found, uh, several bodies.
I just didn't look that direction.
You would have found a little alien mind controlling her behind the walls.
There's nothing out of place or out of the ordinary.
The house is pristine.
You see clearly her husband lives there as well.
Much like the daughter, their rooms are spotless.
It seems as though this lady just walks around the house, cleans all day and thinks about
Dilbert cartoons.
And that's pretty much it.
In a lot of ways, Joe Dane can relate to that.
Wow.
That's really sad, man.
He's a by the book guy.
Let's head down to this city center.
City hall.
We're doing a city hall.
Do we want to do?
It's about 10 o'clock now.
We spent two hours there.
You spent two hours, both in story and in real life.
Questioning.
I want to be very clear.
You can never spend less in game time than you spend in real life doing something.
According to her, her husband's still there, so we might as well stop by.
According to her.
And she seems super trustworthy.
Let's go see the sheriff first and we can talk about, we can ascertain what the local
fuzz knows and maybe get kind of a more bird's eye view of the town from him.
I agree with that.
We don't need to let him know that we need to use the internet to look this shit up.
To the sheriff.
You drive about the one mile back into town.
Again, center of town is the town hall.
Just to the side is the joint sheriff's office, ambulance, single ambulance stand and volunteer
fire department.
You knock on the door and conveniently the sheriff, even though it's 10 o'clock at night,
is still working.
And he greets you.
Ah, you agents.
Thank you for finally making it.
Sheriff Dan Oakley.
How goes it?
Oakley, it's nice to make your acquaintance.
And she puts out a hand.
Is she taller than him too?
No, he's pretty tall.
He's tall, but fat with gray hair, solid gray mustache hugging his upper lip.
He looks kind of like a poor man's cliff from Cheers.
As he goes to meet her for a, for a hand shake, she like dodges it and then goes for
a hug where she puts her arms around his, like right above his belt.
Whoa, whoa there, miss.
Hey, careful.
Good to meet you.
Close to my gun, if you know what I mean.
Close to your woodpecker.
I'm Cindy Woodpecker.
Nice to meet you.
Sheriff Dan Oakley.
I've got to apologize for my partner.
I'm agent Dodine and this is my partner.
Agent Cindy Woodpecker, DEA.
These are our associates on this current task force.
Harlin.
Hello.
Tan Luthad.
Hello Tan.
Nice to meet you all.
Sounds like you've got a real pickle here in town.
Yeah.
Why don't you brief us on what you know so far, Sheriff?
And she lets go of the embrace or just life in general.
I don't want to be around.
Which would you prefer?
Let it go.
No, as she lets go of the Sheriff, you see that, like,
Jodine has had a very intense grasp on like her belt,
like trying to like pull her away this whole time.
Like a dog straight on the leash, pulling her back.
Yes.
Okay, so you successfully pull her back and he's,
I'm glad you made it in here.
Welcome to my town.
Been Sheriff here for years and it's not too often we get
city folk in here.
What do you want to know?
What can I help you with?
Can you tell me how to get to Sesame Street?
Sunny days.
Ah, nice.
Okay, sick.
So you're a Grover's fan too.
All right, so we just got in.
We went to the Allen's house and that mother is under some
sort of influence.
Doesn't seem to be drugs from my personal understanding of
the situation, but she is out of it for real.
And she has not seen her daughter who was the boyfriend in
forever.
The daughter was the boyfriend?
Yeah, three weeks.
Yeah.
So has there been a, would you say, a rash of disappearances
in this town?
Not that I'm aware of.
Is that what you're investigating?
No, no, we're here investigating a super myth.
Yeah, a rare strain of super myth with the DEA.
But Sheriff, let me ask you one question real quick that
might cut to the quick here.
Has anything been going wrong in your town lately or do you
feel like things are just fine?
Are you insulting my ability to police this town?
No, sir.
That's a standard DEA question.
It's just something we have to ask.
It's part of a forum.
When drugs are involved, oftentimes things go a little haywire.
We just wanted to see if there's no drugs.
There are no drugs here.
Let's just put it that way.
I feel like I've kind of given a sort of presence to where
he's going to ignore me, which is what I was going for.
I'd like to be looking for cuts, small incisions on his skin
while he is caught off guard by being offended.
Give me a search.
22.
Hell yes.
You get a good enough look because remember it required
that last time to see those tiny little pricks.
He does not have them.
He would have had to have found a way to manage the pain.
Sheriff, were you aware that Jane Allen has been missing?
No, I wasn't.
Have any other kids gone missing that you're aware of?
Well, that Billy Ray boy, of course.
But you know all about that.
Yeah, that's kind of what sent us down here.
The super meth that he was on.
Yeah.
Which is how come he was able to punch his daddy through the chest so hard.
Yeah, it's real shame.
Yeah, real shame.
And the devil.
You know, them kids.
The combination of the two is really horrible.
DND.
It gets them all riled up.
Always at work.
Yeah, kids need church.
Spiritual war is real.
It is.
It seems you have two churches here, which seems a little light for a town of 1200.
Do you have problems with attendance?
What percentage of your population would you say attends?
It's a light flock.
Let's put it that way.
We used to have three churches.
Shame.
One went out of business.
Yeah, it's happening all over.
To the extent churches are businesses.
Of course, everything should be run like a business.
And it's America.
Yeah.
Are you looking to attend services?
Is that why you're asking these very specific church questions?
Maybe if we're in town long enough.
The next question I actually want to know is, have you seen Bradley Allen recently?
The Alder?
Yeah, he's next door.
Yeah, he works next door.
Have you seen him coming and going from work in the past few days or even weeks?
Yeah, here and there.
When was the last couple days ago?
What's he like?
What can you tell us about him?
Smart man.
He was educated in the big city.
We're lucky to have him as a leader.
Is he from around here?
Born and bred.
Let's go to the bakery.
We're getting to the butt end of this.
If I could be of any service to you all, I'd be happy to.
But I think this drug stuff is nonsense.
It would never happen under my watch.
Sheriff, you never know with folks not attending church like they once did.
I've seen good, upstanding Christian children just go astray.
And so you told me your flock was diminishing and we're with the DEA.
It gets, you wouldn't believe what we see.
Super meth for one.
But we're basically healers.
You have nothing to worry about.
We're going to come in and we're going to take care of it.
And you're going to look like a hero and it'll be great.
I want to know one thing.
And that is you're here investigating the super meth.
Why are you looking for missing people?
The, the boy, uh, Billy Ray Spivvy.
Spivvy?
How do folks say that around here?
Spivvy.
Spivvy.
Those spivvy spivvies.
And the spivvy spivvies.
You said that with perhaps a hint of disdain.
Is that a family that's, that causes some, some ruckus?
Occasionally.
Occasionally.
They've been known to get in trouble with the law.
Well, then I doubt you'd be surprised to hear that we suspect that's baby boy brought the
super meth to your town and he might've spread it around to some of his friends.
And with the drugs, a lot of the times, you know, people don't pay their, what they owe
and people go missing.
And so that's kind of the connection of, you know, every thread we can kind of pull on.
So we were just looking for his girlfriend then that Jane Allen.
And we dropped by her mama's house who said that she ain't seen her in about three weeks.
So that got us, that was just got us wondering.
I'm, I'm sure she's going to be fine.
I wouldn't, I'll fill out a report, but kids around here, very mature.
Speaking of the kids around here, I was curious if you, if you knew about the local hangouts,
where, where do they, where do those kids congregate, especially the seniors in town?
Well, the kids that can drink, they, they go to Murrells County bunker.
It's the only place in town with, with booze license.
We keep all the riffraff there.
The younger ones, I know what those kids do.
They have their siblings buy them beer at the county bunker.
And then they take it down to the reservoir and hang at the reservoir.
And how, how, how big a gathering do you sometimes find there at the reservoir?
Is it, is it five or six kids or is it 20 or 30 kids?
Ah, just a handful.
Small town, small town.
What day is today?
Yeah, is it party time?
It's a, it is a Thursday night.
Thirsty Thursday.
Thirsty Thursday.
I bet the kids are down at the reservoir.
Maybe we go down there and talk to them after we talk to Mr. Allen.
If he's, yeah.
If he's in there.
How many aldermen does this town have besides Mr. Allen?
Eight.
Name all of them.
Oh, super good.
I'd really rather not.
I'll tell you the head aldermen is Merle barn.
Oh, that makes sense.
Yeah.
Richest man in town.
Is he the booze owner and the hotel we're staying at?
Yes, sir.
Oh yeah.
And the hotel and the auto body shop.
Who owns the ice cream parlor?
Oh, that's not Merle.
It's competing business of his.
The mega deuce.
I would recommend if, uh, you, you recognize it is almost midnight and you have not had
anything to eat nor are you sleeping.
Where can we get a bite to eat at midnight around here?
Only if the mega deuce in a town like this, uh, everything shuts down at about nine o'clock
except the 24 seven mega deuce.
That's very handy.
That doesn't seem like a great business idea, but I'm glad they're open.
Should we go talk to Bradley?
Well, I mean, so sheriff is the city hall open right now.
Would anybody be there?
Probably.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let's go check it out.
Yeah, let's go.
She opens up her purse and pulls out a few cliff bars and hands them out to the group.
Chomp these, uh, grainy boys down on the way there.
Give me some.
No, you don't want one?
And they don't exist.
Cliff bars exist.
Oh, she pulls out four bags of trail mix.
Oh, her home at her trail mix is good.
There's lots of M and M's.
What's the brand of those really, really dry nature valley nature valley.
Yeah.
I think those are boosted at the time.
Those were definitely around by the mid nineties.
Man, those things make a mess, huh?
Yeah, they're good though.
They are really tasty before we leave.
Harlan wants to ask the Sheriff.
Uh, Sheriff, are you, uh, are you aware of, uh, of a Scott Adams in town?
Scott at yes.
That troublemaker.
Yes.
I looking at a UFO nonsense.
One of those idiots.
What does he have to do with the drugs?
Oh, nothing.
We were just wondering if he was the fellow who wrote Dilbert.
Same name.
I checked.
Would you run a background check on him?
Not him.
That is disappointing.
On average, how many UFO abductions do you have around here?
We're just fans.
Wait, we don't have any.
That is nonsense.
Bunch of poppycock.
If you ask me, I just it's, it's ATF procedure.
You got to ask, have you been your, your whole life Sheriff?
Born and bred.
He said it again.
What, what to the best of your knowledge is the, the origin of these UFO conspiracies
surrounding this town.
Why are you asking so many questions about UFOs?
Wait, is that David or the Sheriff?
Uh, why are you asking?
I was like, you're gaslighting us.
If the spooky Delta green story about a UFO town doesn't like anyway.
Okay.
Well, no, it's just that, uh, well, we heard that was kind of, uh, you know, what passes
for tourist draw around here was kind of the UFO.
Yeah.
We like to get to know the history, even the alternative false histories.
We need to know the character of the town.
Sure.
Sure.
Yes.
Fine.
Uh, yes, we are the butt end of jokes all across the country.
They say those idiots in Grover's Ville, they say they're such Muppets.
They named a Muppet after him.
That's what they say about us.
I'm from Ralphsburg.
So I understand.
Oh, sorry.
Rolfsburg.
Yeah.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm from Elmo town.
So I also completely I'm from big birding 10 say one, Joe.
Uh, snuffle up against, uh, that's, uh, that's one of them.
Snuffle up.
What we're saying is we know your pain.
Yeah.
We don't think this is a mother.
Thank you.
Sounds like you got your head on straight about all this, but why?
What again?
Yes, sir.
What's the origin?
Why did it start?
Was there like a Roswell crash siding sort of precipitating incident or
people say they see stuff in the skies and that kind of nonsense.
Never seen it myself.
Think it's a bunch of hooey.
This town's fine.
I am a great sheriff to be clear.
I believe that.
I believe that.
Sheriff.
Yeah.
You know what?
Here's our car phone number and he scribbles it down.
You just call us.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wow.
So you just call us anytime you got some pertinent information.
You might think of anything you think of.
You can call the DAA.
Sorry.
I just, I want to be clear here.
It's a phone in your car.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think they've had those for about 10 years.
Isn't that cool?
That's so cool, right?
You can, uh, beat me too.
I got my beeper, my pager on me.
I'll beep you something funny sometime like eight zero zero eight.
Oh, boobs.
Yeah.
Sheriff.
Let's do try to keep things professional.
We are federal agents.
I'm sorry.
That man's beeper channel is a critical piece of national security.
Can't be filling it up with security with boobs.
Beeper number is, uh, actually, yeah, it's eight zero zero eight one three five.
Wooda Baker goes for the high five and then turns her back and starts walking next door.
Yeah.
We're done with you, Sheriff.
Wait, Joe's always got one more question.
Wait, let's go to the last question with Joe.
You're, uh, you're working here pretty late.
Is there something that's keeping you tonight?
Sorry.
Is it, uh, since when is it bad to love your job?
I'm not saying it's bad.
I'm asking if there's something on your desk that's taking a little extra time.
If loving your job is wrong, then I don't want to be right.
You know, exactly.
We believe that too.
But, uh, what are you working on tonight?
What's your job tonight?
Just general policing, waiting for calls to come in.
I have a staff.
I have a staff of 28 deputies.
Is there that much crime around here?
That's a lot of it's the whole, it's the county, the whole county.
No, they're severely understaffed.
Yes, I, I have, uh, 28 deputies for a 1200 person town.
We're very over policed.
That sounds about right.
Have all your deputies, have all your deputies been coming in and showing up to work and
everything?
I would stand for nothing less.
Okay.
Just making sure.
Bye.
Bye.
I don't trust you.
All right, let's go.
She don't trust nobody though.
That's just her way.
Hey, you have a pleasant Eden Sheriff.
Thank you Sheriff.
Thank you.
I love making Thomas play the character that cleans up my social messes.
As you leave, he calls out, uh, if you, if you go to the mega deuce, tell him the Sheriff
sent you.
Oh yeah, we'll do.
Wait, hold on now.
One more question.
You reeled him back in.
Now, now Murlsey, he, he owns the competing businesses to the, to the mega deuce.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Why didn't you tell us to say the Sheriff sent you to Murl's?
Agent, have you ever heard of supporting small and local?
Just trying to help Mr. Cervantes out.
Can I, he meant that?
Sure.
59 on a 60.
Oh, he's not really bullshitting you.
It doesn't seem like he's misleading you.
He's suggesting you go to like a 24 hour diner and restaurant versus going to a bar with
presumably like microwave chicken fingers and stuff.
It's actually probably just good advice as far as quality food goes.
He's being nice.
This devious bastard.
Wait a minute.
Harlan, I've looked into his soul.
I've seen a kind man offering true culinary suggestions.
So I believe we should head on a, well, wait, I guess we're going to hit up the city hall
first.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Walking sounds, walking sounds, walking sounds.
You walk a whole 30 feet to like the front of city hall.
We ring the doorbell.
We're playing like a side scroller.
Three thugs attack you.
All in a line.
I move my joystick to the right.
So you go to the city hall.
It's a nicer, more regal looking building.
Clearly the nicest building in town.
It's up almost a flight of stairs outside to get kind of in the front.
And there's like a large grand foyer as you get in with a reception desk up front.
And it happens to be staffed by a young woman right now.
How long is the loading screen from when we go inside to when we can see everything?
Well, it's the early nineties, so it's probably around eight or nine minutes.
But that's good.
And you probably had to switch discs in between.
Right.
Is the young woman Jane Allen?
No.
Hey, could it be?
That would be convenient.
Could it be?
She was at work.
Hot damn.
Cracked the cakes.
Her mom was right.
Her husband and daughter were just working a lot for a really long time.
Hi ma'am.
Hello.
We're agents.
Could you point us to Mr. Bradley Allen's office?
Ah, the alderman.
Yes.
That's the one.
Let me get him for you.
He's in his office?
Yeah, he's busy right now.
I'll get him for you if you can just hang here.
Can I interest?
Real quick, we want to go back and ask the sheriff some questions.
We do?
No, I'm sorry.
Real quick, how many of the aldermen are working tonight?
Just a couple of them, I think.
Is it typical for them to, you know, burn that old midnight oil?
It's tax season.
You know, alderman and taxes.
You know, that's what they say, like peas and carrots.
And death.
And death.
Death and aldermen.
That's what they say.
Go ahead.
I'll go get him.
We'll guard the desk for you while you go get him.
Thank you.
And sorry, you said you wanted to speak to Bradley, right?
Yes.
Yes ma'am.
How many did she say were working?
Two.
Wow.
Do you want a glass of water or anything while you're waiting?
Just go get the alderman, please.
All right, there's a water cooler over there.
If you need anything, the bathroom's right behind you.
Thank you.
Because you haven't, as far as I know, gone to the bathroom yet since you've been here.
I took a shit, dude.
That's a real odd thing to say to somebody.
Dude, in real Delta Green, are you supposed to take shits?
I took a shit right before the meeting.
That pre-meeting shit.
You have to be careful because you might get disorders related to, like, pooping your pants
and stuff.
Yeah, no, Luke had that through all, like, a year and a half of our first campaign.
So we got a lot of shit jokes.
They're usually pretty good.
Well, mine was from digging through my own poop, I think.
Yeah.
There were little spider eggs in it.
You can hang out there, water cooler, restroom.
I would like to dig around in her desk.
Okay, roll me a search.
Pass 19 on a 50.
Anyone else searching or just that?
It's fine if it's just that.
I'm not pushing.
Well, I think Harlan would be not searching the desk, but peeping down hallways, just
kind of getting a lay of the building.
Okay, roll me an alertness for that.
Cindy is putting on her cardigan and cheaters.
I pass my alertness roll.
It's a 35 on a 50.
All right, alertness, all you see or hear for that matter, she goes up some stairs to
some sort of offices upstairs, looking down the longer hallways to the left or right.
They're totally dark.
There's no movement or anything else.
It's probably much busier during the day than it is right now.
In fact, the lights are largely off.
It's pretty dimly lit, actually, inside.
They're conserving those taxpayer dollars.
With that search role, you go through her desk, you find her purse, you find standard
stuff in there.
ID, lipstick, mirror, no cell phone yet, and her name is Jennifer Kahn.
You also see that on her desk, on her name tag.
K-H-A-N.
So nothing out of the ordinary in here?
Nothing out of the ordinary.
She's gone for a couple minutes.
Has she gone for long enough for us to yell after her?
Maybe her last name?
I was going to do it.
You didn't have to ask.
While they're making Star Trek jokes, Jodine goes and uses the bathroom.
Yeah, after I rifle around her desk, I also go use the bathroom.
Okay, great.
So after a couple minutes, she comes back, assuming neither of you took that long in
the bathroom, you can still be in the bathroom finishing your business if you really want
to when she comes back, but she comes back with an alder man dressed neatly in a suit
and he introduces himself.
Hello there, I'm Bradley Allen.
I reach out my hand to shake it.
Oh, freshly washed.
It's not, I didn't pee on my hand.
He did though, but he didn't say that.
He just thinks it.
Okay, good.
It's clean.
Roll me a persuade.
It's got to beat his smell roll.
I got a three.
And then against my human.
Ah, yeah, that 42 is going to beat your three opposed.
I'm sorry.
So the first thing, the first impression this guy gets of us is that he shakes his hand
and he knows it and he smells it and it smells like asparagus and he's like, oh, yeah.
That's bullshit.
You guys need to get some different soap in there.
Asparagus soap is very odd choice, very odd choice.
And then I just kind of fall back a little bit and just look down at my shoes.
He wipes it on his suit, his pant leg.
Well, what can I help the other three of you with?
We are with a special DEA task force.
We've got some questions for you regarding, well, frankly, your daughter and her friend,
Billy race baby.
Oh, would you, is there some more private?
We can talk.
Yeah, we can.
Let's grab one of these side offices right here.
I do want to assure you that at this moment, your daughter is not considered a suspect
or involved in any criminal activity.
Is she okay?
We have some questions for you, sir.
Can we, can we go into another room?
Uh, yes.
You're already in one room.
One question per room.
Let's try out a different one.
I'm sorry, sir.
The vibes in this room are just, they're kind of assaulting me right now.
Could we go to, yes, I can take you to another office if you'd like.
Is there one that looked like a nice view of the main intersection, main street?
Is there one where you could tell us when was the last time you saw your daughter?
That's ultimately what we need to know.
No, we don't have one of those rooms.
Oh shoot.
Well, could you tell us anyway?
I can take you to the room where I am pretty evasive with my answers to these questions.
Well, I appreciate your honesty.
Why don't we go to your office and we'll just, you can evade and we'll
humant and we'll see what we get.
I'd rather not.
Yeah, but we're the DEA, so why don't you show us that office, Alderman?
I'd rather go to the room where you don't humant and you just listen to me
and take everything I say on face as the truth.
Oh sure, that's what we meant by your office.
Let's go.
We all wink at each other.
Do you have something in your eyes?
Yeah.
Truth.
You don't want to look into my partner's eyes.
Are you making fun of my lazy eye?
Oh, I forgot about Harlan's weird eye.
Why don't you show us to your office, Alderman?
Yeah, this is uncomfortable now.
Mm-hmm.
Good.
I'm very busy.
I have to go.
Yeah, we'll go with you.
We just follow him.
You can just work while we ask you questions.
I'm just joshing around, guys.
It's hilarious.
Face guy.
I'm just joshing.
That's good.
I'm joshing.
That's good.
So would you say it's been more than two weeks since you saw your daughter?
Yeah, probably.
What kind of drugs is your wife on?
I assume she's just high on life.
We're God-fearing people in this town.
Okay.
We talked to your wife and it doesn't really add up.
So you haven't seen your daughter in like three weeks.
And that's not normal, but you're fine with it.
She's an independent girl.
I've been busy at work.
I don't think it's that big of a deal.
What's been keeping you so busy?
It's tax season.
Can I human Tim saying, I don't think it's that big of a deal.
Also, it's September.
It isn't taxi.
Same in our County.
It is 14 success.
62 on a 16 fail.
What are we?
Okay.
I failed mine.
Human.
Oh no, I got a 99.
That's pretty bad.
Luke's like, tell me, Luke is now actively working for him with the conspiracy guys.
Leave him alone.
It all makes sense.
Now she's an adult.
She can do what she wants.
He is not being evasive, but he also has kind of a similar level of deadness.
As far as his empathy goes similar to his wife where he is saying it doesn't bother
him.
It doesn't seem like it bothers him, but he also doesn't seem like he's some like psychopathic
serial killer either.
So it's somewhere kind of in between that golf.
There's something a little not there.
It's like Stepfordy.
Yeah.
And we didn't get that impression from the sheriff.
Not to the same extent.
No.
Okay.
This the sheriff was weird too.
But a little bit.
Yeah.
I feel like I was like, what's going on?
What does what's going on in your town bother you or is anything in your town bothering
you?
Yeah.
And he was just like, basically everything's peachy keen.
No.
Wasn't he like, are you saying I'm a bad sheriff?
Yeah.
But I feel like that was his version of it.
Like he got defensive in an attempt to cover up the fact that he doesn't truly believe
that anything is wrong.
My problem was I tried to ask a leading question instead of just doing a vibe check.
We go up to everyone else the rest of the time.
We're like, Hey, excuse me.
Can I roll vibes on this motherfucker?
Mr.
Allen, could you describe your daughter's relationship with Mr.
Spivvy?
Oh, that boy.
Boy's no good for her.
She's going places.
Boy's just dragging her down.
But that's why you people were here.
Because of him and those drugs.
That's what the sheriff said.
Yeah.
He's a brick.
He is a brick.
He's like a brick of this new super meth.
Drowning her slowly.
Yeah.
I don't think the civilian is necessarily privy to maybe all that.
Oh, you're right.
I have a hard time keeping all my information to myself.
Here's the deal, Alderman.
You say she was hanging out with a boy that you knew was trouble.
He's trouble.
You say she's going places, though.
The Ohio State University.
Ohio State University.
The Ohio State University.
I put in a good word.
Isn't it odd that Ohio State University backwards is USO?
That's pretty similar to UFO.
And that's just a little coincidence I noted.
But going on, don't you think it's odd that a boy you do not enjoy, let's put it that
way, this spivvy boy, he's been running around with your daughter.
You think he's trouble.
You say she's going places.
Yep.
And she's in fact been places unknown for the past three weeks.
What are you suggesting?
Why aren't you worried about that?
Well, that spivvy boy, he's in custody, right?
As of yesterday night or this morning, correct?
I got nothing to worry about.
He's going to stay away from my girl.
Do you know anybody that has been abducted around here by aliens or unidentified things?
Why does it always have to come back to aliens in this town?
Well, you know.
You can't just conduct a normal drug investigation.
You got to ask the nonsense alien questions, just like every reporter.
If you would have ever seen this meth, you would say it's otherworldly.
Ah, nice.
It's pretty cool meth.
Now, can I human him on his...
I guess that would be what it is.
I want to know if this anger about the UFOs, which the sheriff also demonstrated.
Is that legitimate, like hometown pride, like we're the butt of all these jokes?
Or is that defensive?
Why is everybody asking about aliens?
18.
Oh, yes.
All right.
With your 18, you know that they're definitely the butt end of the jokes
based on your interaction with the sheriff as well as him.
You know, people in authority here don't like their town being looked at as this kind of laughing stock.
That makes sense.
It's unclear if he's actively hiding anything, but he's definitely defensive about it.
Gotcha.
But it is just like the sheriff.
He's like, I fucking hate that my town is this.
And as the town leader, he seems to have a really good reason to feel that way.
As far as you know, that's it.
Because you didn't crit succeed, Thomas.
Hey, man.
Hey, just popped in my head.
Do you have any tattoos?
Or maybe you could show us your arm or your leg.
That's a very forward question.
Oh, look, I got tattoos.
This one is Japanese for diligence.
I do.
Oh, what?
I have May I please.
So he takes off his suit jacket that starts rolling up his sleeve like he's going to give blood.
And you see right on the inside of his right forearm.
He's got one of those sweet infinity sign tattoos.
Nice upon closer inspection.
Oh, yeah, let me get a closer look at that.
We're all just digging our eyes.
Woodabaga just grabs his arm and brings it up to all of our eyes.
I pass with a 40 on a seven.
I got another 99.
No, 44.
Oh, I passed with a plain old two.
You rip his arm out of his socket, but then I am able to get a good look at it.
I think you've crit success on, like, every person that you've looked at closely at this point.
So the first time on Billy Ray, you definitively saw marks.
And then it was Nancy, the mom.
Yes.
Yeah, definitively did not have it.
And he also definitively does not have it.
Same with the sheriff.
Nowhere on his exposed arms, on his neck, hands, anything that you can see exposed right now.
He definitively does not have the same kind of muscle punctures.
Sorry, it's just my partner here has tattoos.
And then we've been working on this task force with Tan here.
So they've all been just razzing me about, you know, when are you going to get yours?
When do you get yours?
And I'm like, it's 1992.
We're like 20 years away from that being really socially acceptable.
Just, you know, in a professional job, maybe even 30.
If I had to give a rust out cement, that's just what I've been saying to them.
So that's why we were really, uh, that's why we wanted to just get all up and look at your tattoo.
It's just been on our minds lately.
I hope you like it.
Yeah.
What's it mean?
It means infinity.
Oh, I thought it was eight.
Nice.
Oh, that happens sometimes, you know.
Do you ever use your computer to look up tattoo ideas?
Maybe we could go use your computer real quick.
Thank you.
Okay.
In the office that you're currently in, there is a computer.
He can crack it open for you.
There's not really such a thing as cyber security at this point.
There's not even a login really to get on.
And he fires up the 28-8 modem on that computer and you hear that sweet, sweet sound of
And, uh, Joe, I think you said you have a AOL account.
Character Joe or no, Joe's still rocking an AOL account.
Joe's like, this will be confusing.
And I was like, no, it's fine.
Yeah.
It's really confusing.
Sorry.
Player Thomas, character Joe, you said you had an AOL account?
Yeah, it's Joe, capital D-E-A, lowercase n at aol.com.
Joe Dean.
Okay, great.
You log in and then you get the, you've got mail.
Okay.
Joe Dean clicks his mail.
Who's it from?
Your AOL.
Your AOL.
Now it'll probably be from one of my bonds, right?
Sounds role-play appropriate.
So I've got my rich brother, Jim Dean, uh, and then my mom and my dad.
I think this is a really shitty chain email from Jim, especially in 1992.
He's probably the only reason I have an internet, like an AOL account right now.
Like last Thanksgiving, he was like, yeah, personal computer.
The, you know, the nerds came in, wired up my home.
I've got, uh, I've got access to the whole world right now, baby.
And it's just a shitty AOL chat room.
And he made you look like a fool at your own Thanksgiving dinner.
So that's a lifelong pattern that I've talked to you about in more vulnerable moments.
Agent would have begun.
Oh yeah, sorry.
Bring that up.
Anyway, it's literally just a shitty joke email from his brother, Jim.
Do you guys remember any, uh, nineties joke chain emails?
It's probably just the,
my mom used to fucking love those all.
This is like a little bit before that for sure.
It's not one of those emails where it's like, if you don't forward this to at least 10 people,
you're going to have bad luck kind of thing.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's that.
And then it's also a lot of, uh, weird proto Clinton conspiracy jokes.
Joe Dean's like, man, I hope this doesn't, you know,
take weird route in the public consciousness so that a lot, you know, anyway, I hope this
doesn't sink a really viable candidate.
Hey Joe, here's that card.
I hand you the business card.
I hope this country doesn't hate women enough.
Watch the skies.
Orange piece of shit.
AOL.com.
I'm done with my musings.
Well, what do you do?
What do you do with that email address?
Well, Joe Dean, he's like, I got this boys.
Watch this over to like compose mail or whatever.
Types in the email address, subject line, D E.
Hey.
And he says, hello, I'm in Grover's Ville for a few days.
Curious, uh, re UFOs.
Wanted to ask you some cues.
You can get back to me here or just set a time that we meet.
Cause I don't know if we're going to get access to the email again.
That is such a good idea.
I was like, oh, I've been wondering about that the whole time.
Like this, how do we get a computer again?
This conspiracy dude is going to love it if I'm just like, yeah.
Yeah.
Meet at the mega deuce at noon tomorrow.
Sincerely, John Dean, federal agent.
Aggressive.
I want him to think I might know things.
What's that?
A with the circle around it.
That stands for at.
Asked and answered.
It's called an apostrophe.
I think I believe that's correct.
Email was sent.
Yep.
You've got mail.
Ooh.
Auto reply.
Oh, it's my fucking brother again.
Did you get two messages perhaps?
Oh, I did.
Look, the Dilbert guy messaged us back.
You.
Yes.
Did get an auto reply straight to your email.
So auto reply, uh, read D E Hey.
And in the body of the email, it says I'm out of the office for at least the next couple of weeks.
Investigating what's happening in Grover's Ville.
I will get back to you at my earliest convenience.
Signed Scott Adams, not the creator of Dilbert.
And he gives a address in Knoxville.
Is there a telephone in this office we're in?
There is in fact a telephone in this office.
Are you going to call that address?
No, I'm going to call the number that was on the back of the card.
Uh, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Is the alderman still in the office for this?
Yeah.
Sir, you're, we're going to have to commandeer your office for the next, uh,
roughly 10 minutes, uh, for an urgent federal business.
Uh, we're about to call our boss.
We need to commandeer your phone.
Could you please step outside?
Cindy will start walking out the door with him alongside Jodine.
You're escorting him out?
Yeah.
We just started escorting him out.
But yeah, it's okay.
But yeah, it's just only for a little bit.
You're all right.
It's okay.
You got busy.
Remember you said you had to get back to work, right?
Yeah.
10 minutes.
But that other alderman's wondering where you are.
Probably got to talk to him.
Okay.
I'll wait.
You know, do you need to ask me any more questions or should I just go back to work?
Now you can fuck off.
Thanks.
Great meeting you all.
But wait.
Except for she realizes she's wearing the cardigan.
She's like, Oh, wrong voice.
Ah, dammit.
Okay.
He fucks off.
He goes upstairs back doing whatever he's doing upstairs with taxes.
And you're gonna make that phone call?
Yes.
I'm dialing beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
No, I need rotary phone sounds.
Oh, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click.
All right.
Now I need that trademarked ring that you guys do.
Oh, so well.
We'll put it in.
I don't think I've ever actually heard this.
I'll do it in post Taylor.
Really?
Thomas doesn't listen to the show.
No, I'm not allowed to listen.
I need to do a re-listen, but sorry.
It's one of my favorite parts.
Everybody talks about it on the forums.
And it's from an episode I was not previously allowed to listen to.
It's it's good stuff.
You call it rings once or twice, and then you get that dial-up modem sound on the back end.
Sort of like when you call a fax machine or something else.
Not ringing like a normal phone.
Listen to this.
What's happening?
It's a, that sounds like a fax machine.
It looks like maybe he was expecting documents of some sort.
I hang up.
Should we fax him something?
Is there a fax machine in the alderman's office?
There is.
I write what you wrote in your email.
You send that.
It bounces back.
Fax unable to send.
It's not.
So apparently it's not a fax machine.
It's actually a modem on the receiving end.
Does that just mean he's on the internet?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
So Joe doesn't know why a person would write down an internet address,
modem address on a piece of paper.
But, uh, my character probably would.
It's a no, no, no.
He didn't.
He didn't.
He.
So remember back in the day, you couldn't use the phone if you were connected to the internet
or like, yeah.
Oh, that's what you're saying.
It's it's like we, yeah, exactly.
Gotcha.
Well, okay.
You used to get just to get a busy tone if that happened.
Oh, maybe in 1992.
I mean, who has computer science?
I do.
Who are you calling when you were three years old?
You can wait.
You can roll me some.
But you don't have to answer this, but how old are you?
I was born in the mid eighties.
All right.
Yeah.
I'm the oldest one here.
And I remember AOL at age six, uh, doing exactly this.
If you picked up the phone line in the household, that's what you heard.
But if you called into that house, it was just dial tone.
That's a fail 73 on a 50 computer science.
Well, you have a 50 anyway, you would know this.
This is one of those like base.
Hold on for Joe's information.
That means the call is coming from inside the house in this building using the internet.
Or it's just us.
I log off of AOL and we make the call again.
Oh my God.
It was a puzzle this whole time.
David, we just had to get off the internet puzzle.
You are the ones that killed all those people.
Damn.
And that's it.
We're done.
I inspect my own arm.
You're the aliens.
We're all covered in tiny little needle marks.
You call that happens.
Okay.
Maybe you're right in real life.
It would be a busy signal in this world.
The way the technology works, that means it's, it's logged in.
That's the point of that you're supposed to get.
I will give you something else just cause no one has, uh, the telecommunications,
uh, networking skill.
One thing you would notice that phone number is area code nine three one, which is not
a Knoxville phone number.
So it's a different area code than the phone number on the footer of his email.
Nine three one is the area code for this County.
So it seems to be a local number.
He might be staying at the same motel we're staying at.
Oh yeah.
Let's just go ahead and can we call Merle's the front desk?
Cause I assume there's a phone book in here or we have there is a phone book.
So, um, let's, let's call Merle's and ask if, uh, if the Scott Adams is standing there
and if he created Dilbert.
Bring, bring.
Merle's shut eye.
How can I help you?
Hey, this is one of the Sheriff's, uh, down at, uh, this is one of the deputies
down at the Sheriff's office.
Have you got a Scott Adams stand with y'all?
Uh, let me check.
And you hear some papers in the background.
Um, yeah, we got a, we got a Scott Adams here.
Um, he's been here for a hot second as the kids say.
Let me check the records.
Oh, do they say that yet?
They do here.
This is, this is actually the town it originates in, in the early nineties.
Eventually proliferate elsewhere, but give me a hot second and yes.
Oh no, he's been here.
Uh, he has been, he's been here for a couple of weeks now.
It looks like he's paid up for three more nights.
What's his room number?
I'm sorry.
Uh, who is this asking specifically about, uh, people saying at this, uh, motel that
I probably should ask that before, um, I just give away information like this
willy nilly on the phone.
Oh, deputy Clark down from the, the Groversville Ferris department.
Your deputy Clark.
Well, I'm new in case there's a deputy Clark, you know, and don't like.
Oh, okay.
Yes.
That's why they got me on the night shift.
Yeah.
That okay.
That makes sense.
Sure.
Um, yeah, no, no, no.
He's here.
Uh, he has two rooms down here at the motel.
Two rooms and all these unpaid parking tickets.
What a, which is what we're after him for.
He's paid up for three more days.
He should have paid his parking tickets.
He has one room he's staying in and, um, there is a second room, uh, for storage
of research materials, whatever that means.
Wow.
He just put all that on his book and yeah, it's all, it's all here.
And what was your name?
I'm the manager by the way.
Uh, my name is Riker Yates.
Strong name.
Very strong name.
That's a strong name.
Riker Yates.
Thank you.
Well, I was deputy, uh, you remember and I will, you have a pleasant night.
Hey, ask him about the UFOs.
You liked that UFO stuff?
Why is it always about the UFOs?
Click.
Hi.
No, I can't get high.
I thought this stuff helped anxiety.
It must be something inside of me.
Does anybody know why I can't get high?
I can't sit though I can't and I don't want to try.
Don't want to try.
Please miss me won't you spare me something more can you buy.
Where do you begin?
I don't know how.
I don't know how.
Hallucinations so big time but spiders out the night.
Spiders out the night.
Breathing in, breathing out.
I've been hiding in low low places with some funny looking dudes with some fucked up faces.
And I can't help but feel it I'll always be at the bottom.
I think I'm allergic or something better gone with nothing so I won't get high.
No I won't get high.
By all means do it if it helps.
For me it makes my brain melt.
Does anybody know why I can't get high?
I can't sit though I can't and I don't want to try.
Please miss me won't you spare me something more can you buy.
Where do you begin?
I don't know how.
Hallucinations so big time but spiders out the night.
Breathing in, breathing out.
I've been hiding in low low places with some funny looking dudes with some fucked up faces.
And I can't help but feel it I'll always be at the bottom.
