What is up my babies, do y'all know what time it is?
It's time for your ear holes to get filled up by y'alls truly, Wolf, the dog.
And your ears are absorbing these sounds from Contentions greatest radio show, broadcasting
from 694.2 PTBP.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf was submitted by a listener who tagged that pretending pod
in their Instagram story.
What a fuckin' champ, spreading the good news like that.
They write, Better buckle up baby, because your new favorite band, Buckle Up Baby, is
dropping their first tape this Friday, March 8th.
Don't sleep on this one, don't be late.
If you like fun, then save the date.
Buckle Up Baby is celebrating their tape release with a live musical performance alongside
Suzy Trash, Casual Cal, and Contentions own, Kudzu.
This Friday, March 8th at 1703, South Fremont in Springfield, Missouri.
That place sounds made up, y'all.
Check out the track and use the internet to learn more.
You are a bad teacher.
Hell yes, my brothers.
Now time for the news.
Listeners were treated to a blast from Clark Bishop's past.
But it was less of a treat for Clark, who found himself locked in the public library
with Gerald Fingerson as the sky turned completely dark.
The doors were locked by a cloaked figure who began chasing after a tall man in a suit.
That sadly was not the worst of it, my babies.
Clark got back home only to find his reality shattering, eventually remembering the confession
of the woman who killed his parents.
Man, I didn't know they had a new Clark dirty like that.
Back in the real world, the officers went to the Daily Fur after Gary Daly called in
to report information about the chief's disappearance.
They learned the chief arrived to her home accompanied by James, who works at the mill,
and another man who held them at gunpoint.
The gunman was in all black and had a scar over his eye.
Gary Daly saw this because he was following Harold Dorsey, the writer from the city who
took Drew to the chief's home.
The officers, always utilizing their time mighty efficiently, spent a while asking Gary
Daly about the art he was hanging in his restaurant.
Now y'all know your old buddy Wolf is a connoisseur of sorts of the arts, but the only art he
ever has time for is Kudzu's No Backbone.
All right, welcome everybody.
We are doing flashbacks today and right now we're doing a John Lee Pettymore's flashback
and our friend Justin is here with us today to play, who are you playing?
I am playing one Don D. Pettymore.
And who is that?
I am this John Lee Pettymore's uncle.
Kind of uncle.
I'm his dad's cousin, but I'm only like 13, 14 years older than him.
Yeah.
Does that sound good?
Mm-hmm.
Does it sound good?
I need to look at the mic more.
Can I rearrange it really quick?
Just pretend like the mic is...
One with me?
A muppet that you never want to kiss, but that always wants to kiss you.
But you want to get real close?
You got to stay just out.
You're trying to tease the muppet.
Something you always want to stay out of.
Just don't let the muppet get what it wants.
Stay away.
Never let a muppet get what it wants.
No.
I think that's...
If you give a muppet a cookie.
I mean, crumbs are everywhere.
It'll get everywhere.
Have you ever tried to clean a fucking muppet?
All right, so today we are flashing back to an essential moment, a very important time
in the life of John Lee Pettymore.
This is the moment that John Lee Pettymore's sprint car racing career is cut short in a
horrible accident.
And John Lee Pettymore has prepared a little monologue.
I believe you've prepared some words.
About his experience, yes.
Hold on, let me...
What propels a man?
What propels a man to seek glory?
What propels a man to test his mettle, to meld his talents with that of a machine and
together seek victory?
What was propelling me through the air and towards the hard steel of the Contention County
Speedway's main grandstand?
I briefly had time to consider all this as I was thrown free of my sprint car and head
first into the abundant lap of Mrs. Eldora Jane Duncans.
To her great fortune, God saw fit to place a support girder in my trajectory, and that
girder shattered my pelvis and snapped my right leg, sparing Mrs. Eldora the full force
of my impact.
Dear boy, Elvis Jr. was not as lucky.
The flying buckle of my defective safety harness took his eye in an instant.
God was all out of girders.
What propels a man?
I didn't figure that one out before I lost consciousness, but as I flew towards the grandstands
I could see with perfect clarity who had propelled me there.
Laura Jetty.
Dickhead.
Chucklefuck.
Shitbird.
King of the sprint racing circuit.
She had cut across my line and forced me into a wall.
The corners I had cut to get there in the first place did the rest.
Ordering a race-used harness in fair condition from eBay wasn't the best idea, but I could
only stretch Uncle Don's money so far.
Turns out it stretched just as far as a young boy's eye, which was farther than my luck.
Every scrap of it that had propelled me here had burnt out.
Don D. Pettymore looked out at the world from dead eyes.
Uncle Don came from the hard side of the family, the side that had starved before and vowed
to never starve again, and now I owed him real money.
Adora's screams grew more distant as I faded out of consciousness, and the last thing I
remember seeing is Uncle Don's unknowable expression, peering straight down at me.
Fuck yeah!
That's some good shit.
Thank you, that's uh...
I'm not really, uh...
John Lee Pettymore, me, is not the creative writing type, so...
But uh...
My physical therapist, Jane, she really worked me through my shattered pelvis and leg, and
she suggested that...
Journaling?
Well, yeah, I mean, in other words...
Writing prose and whatnot?
Well, yeah, she suggested that perhaps my mental spiritual self was also shattered like
my pelvis, and that it might help to get some of that out.
Dude, a haiku or two would heal you.
Haiku?
That didn't come out right.
Hold up.
Haiku?
Okay, let me get some of those names.
I crashed into the family of Miss Aldora Jane Duncans.
Aldora Jane Duncans?
Yeah, married to Elvis Duncans.
How do you spell Duncans?
Duncans like the donuts.
And...
Not like the basketball?
No, also like the basketball, but if you're doing it with an apostrophe.
Okay.
If you're Duncan.
And her son was in the race?
No, her son was seated next to her, the young Elvis Duncans Jr.
And my safety buckle, which had separated, it was a defective piece of equipment that
what happened there is that it flew into the young boy's eye and took it from him, as
the Lord is wont to take many things from us in his mysterious and unknowable mycenations.
Mycenations.
Oh, man.
Oh, man, talking so hard.
Talking so goddamn hard, man.
I hate talking.
Fuck.
Okay, so we're going to cut to the scene.
Don and John are sitting in the back of the ambulance from the Contention County Speedway,
and the EMT who works there is checking out John, and actually she kind of walks up and
eh, well, eh, there's just no way.
Never going to race again.
I don't see any way around it.
Yeah, I mean, I don't see myself ever getting the money together to get back into something
like this, but how did you know that about me?
Oh, no, I just mean that there's no way that you're going to be able to race again, not
around here at least, that's for sure.
You're just, you're an EMT.
You're not involved with the race officials or anything.
Why are you, what a thing to tell a man in recovery.
She kind of pulls Don aside, and you can very clearly hear her talking.
She's just like, yeah, well, see the issue being that for sure the Duncans aren't going
to take too kindly to their boy losing an eye.
You know how, you know, Patriarch Duncan owns the Contention County Speedway as well as
almost all the speedways in this region.
I just don't see any way that he's going to allow Jon to get on the track ever again.
So I think y'all might be done fucked.
My dreams.
My dang dreams.
My dang dreams.
My dang dreams.
What are you trying to tell me?
That my dream is over?
I turn away from.
Her name is Ernti.
Ernti.
I turn away from Ernti and I look at my boy who, wait, is his dad dead?
Yes.
Okay, I wasn't sure if I, I look at him like he's my own, my own son.
He is my own flesh and blood.
And I walk over to him and I grab his face and I look at him.
Uncle Don, how?
Look at me boy.
You're going to have to give up on this dream now.
Don't.
You got to face reality, boy.
No, Don.
You got to face it.
No, Don.
Why am I going to face it today, Don?
What am I going to do?
I pull his head gingerly towards my head and give him a warm embrace that I've given no
one before.
I didn't expect this kind of thing from you.
It's okay, boy.
We're going to be all right.
I owe you so much money.
Yeah, we're going to figure that out.
Are you going to kill me?
I say nothing.
Whoa.
So John asks if Don is going to kill him and Don just stares coldly at him.
And next we see Don pushing John in a wheelchair because you can't afford that ambulance ride.
Not after you lost a lot of money in that crash just now.
So you decide to drive and on your way, actually it's kind of weird.
Don, you see these two figures.
John, you don't see this because you're in a wheelchair.
But Don, you see these two figures that are watching you from behind, kind of on the side
of the track.
And as you're walking out, they begin approaching you from the back.
They are both extremely tall people with large frames, but they are very gaunt and they begin
walking faster and faster toward you.
And they are going to catch up with you if you don't begin to move a bit faster there.
John, you ready to hustle, boy?
We're getting off this track.
I'm in a wheelchair, man.
How am I going to hustle?
I start shoveling on real quick.
Whoa, Don, we're going too fast.
You guys are flying and Don is just running in a full sprint at this point with John in
the wheelchair ahead of him.
And these two figures are catching up.
There's no one else around, weirdly enough.
As soon as you see them, no one else seems to be on the track.
And you see as they're approaching on you, Don, you're looking backward as you're running.
They're both wearing black suits and their skin is weirdly translucent.
And as you guys are running and running and running, one of them just starts screaming.
This, like, weird, banshee type yell is just like...
As they're running toward you and then...
Hey, hey, you fancy, you fancy men, you fucking stay away.
Go on.
Get, get, as you yell, get at these fancy men that are following you.
Fanciest men John Lee Bettymore has ever seen.
You turn back to look at the parking lot and not only is the parking lot full of people,
but you do see your car, Don, that you both came in today.
Hell yeah.
Surrogate, son.
And, actually, large Eddie.
Hold up, please give me time to think of a dope Second Cousins fucking pun.
I got nothing.
It's hard.
Second Cousins give good loving, that's not very good.
That's just the Hall & Oates song.
Second Cousins give good loving.
Oh boy, we missed it.
You missed it, it's my song.
As you're looking into the parking lot, you would see that your car is currently being flipped over by large Eddie and his pit grew.
What the hell, Eddie?
God damn it, Eddie.
Eddie, you fucking knocked me out of this race, you son of a bitch, you dickhead fuck, and now you're gonna fuck with my car, you piece of shit, and I'm in this goddamn wheelchair?
Eddie, you're gonna rule the day you fucked with the petty, Morris.
I'm gonna do whatever it is I wanna do, cause I'm large Eddie.
And he begins walking toward you guys as his crew continues to try to lift, but they're clearly having a harder time now that large Eddie isn't helping them.
How large is he?
And so they're trying to make it.
He's like 6'5", which is not a-
He's larger than you think would fit in a sprint car.
Not a traditional build for a sprint car driver.
He seems as large as a sprint car is.
He is, yeah, he's thick, he's skinny strong though, you know, he's like, he's stringy, but he's real strong looking.
And he walks right up to Don and he's like, say something.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Don't make me fucking do it, Eddie.
Say something.
Hey, I'm walking, I'm large Eddie, I'm walking here.
Yo, large Eddie, fucking do it.
Fucking do it.
Fucking do it.
Do it, dude, push me in the face, dude.
Fucking do it, Don.
Don, you think you got shit?
I take quite a large swing at this gentleman right in the face.
Oh damn, okay.
Oh damn.
Yeah, you swing away, what happens?
I just clock that son of a bitch in the face for fucking with me and my boy cousin.
Large Eddie, you loud-mouthed son of a bitch, that's what you get, you fucking piece of shit.
God damn, Uncle Don.
This is man's business now.
Okay, so let me get this straight.
This guy walks up, he's talking shit, you hit him, John starts talking shit to this guy on the ground and you tell him to shut the fuck up?
Shut your mouth, bull ass, and respect.
Large Eddie gets up again and looks at you and he just like...
You know, he does that thing where he like grabs his jaw and he starts rubbing it.
Am I close enough in my wheelchair to kick him in the ball with my cowboy boots?
Yeah, you can kick him in the ball.
Okay.
Do your legs work?
Oh yeah, well, not my right one.
Actually, you know what?
It's inconsistent with the injuries I've received to be able to kick him in the balls.
Very inconsistent.
Anyway, I guess I just think real hard about kicking him in the balls and how cool it would be.
You want to. Oh, you want to so bad.
He just sees it in my eyes.
But it hurts to think about it.
Everything hurts right now, to be honest.
My pelvis is shattered and I haven't been to the hospital yet. I'm just in a wheelchair.
You're extremely concussed. You're just sitting in a wheelchair. He just pushed you very rapidly over what I'm guessing is gravel.
There are still fancy men chasing us.
A lot of rocks.
And there are fancy men that might be chasing you. You haven't looked back.
Oh, Justin.
I look back. I assess the situation.
There's actually no one there.
Oh, that's scary. But good. For the moment, I suppose.
A spooky portent of things to come.
I do think that I need to solve this situation quick and forthright.
So I look at the man. Is the man coming towards me?
He's just, he's doing that thing with his jaw where he's just rubbing it and he's like, ah.
And he just kind of growls and then he spits on the ground.
Now you get the fuck out of our way and let us go about our day.
I got to take this injured boy to the local doctor hospital.
Fine.
Yeah, what do you got to say to that, Eddie?
He looks down and he's like, you're going to need to go to the city hospital after I get done with you.
And he goes to throw a punch at Don.
I mutter under my breath as I catch his hand with my hand.
Catch these hands.
But I'm literally catching his hand.
And what happens next?
His hand starts a sizzling like a, like a country fried steak on a Sunday morning.
Yeah.
And smoke starts coming out of it.
I assume it hurts.
And he starts screaming.
He's like, ah.
Oh God. Oh, Don.
And I'm like, Eddie, you ready to stop, boy?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I hold on for a couple more seconds.
Oh, it's excruciating.
I drop his hand and then I give him one more in the face again.
He runs away like a beat dog.
He, I mean, he just runs away.
He gets his crew.
They set your car down and he, and he gets out of there as fast as he possibly can.
I want to shovel my boy into that there car.
I'm going to show him how a real man drives.
Damn, Don.
Why do you got to kick a man while he's down?
I was driving pretty good today.
You owe me so much goddamn money.
I know, Don.
Don, in your concussed state, man, you have no idea what's been going on.
You're just like from one place to the next and then you end up in the hospital.
Did we get brunch with Large Eddie?
I think we're finished with that.
Did we get brunch with Large Eddie?
Keith Vigna, roll me an intelligence check real quick.
Pass 16 on 50.
He's very smart.
The hunched over guy, unkempt, was wearing large rubber waders.
Okay.
On his bottom half of his body, like waders.
Wait, I forgot what we know already.
You saw in the house, the guy slumped over with the bolt hole in his head, the unkempt man,
he was wearing big rubber waders.
What do we know about James?
Not that.
Go ahead and Clark and John, who has the higher intelligence between you guys?
I've got a 55.
75.
All right, John, go ahead and roll.
57 on a 75.
You would remember that the man with the vacuum in his front yard was also wearing rubber waders.
Also, looking at the address that Keith has written down from the phone book,
you would notice that the address for James is on the same street in the suburbs
as the house that Dr. Marie Jacobs lives in.
Okay.
So it's likely that that was James.
That the guy in rubber waders that you saw on that street is James.
We should go to the mill.
Yeah, let's not examine this at all.
I mean, James is dead.
Long live James.
He might not be.
He was in the house explosion, though.
Was he?
With a bullet hole in his head.
Oh, that's, yeah, fuck.
He was dead before the house exploded, and he's double dead now.
Double dead.
Double dude?
I guess Joe is asking, why did Keith have that realization suddenly?
It just reminded him.
I mean, it was a very tense moment when he was going through the house,
and he didn't pick up on every detail that was happening around him at the time.
So I went ahead and had him roll intelligence to recall a detail that had been forgotten to him before.
Perfect.
I dig it.
I think we ought to follow up on the leads that we were looking at before the whole Nike bag thing.
Well, I mean, from our standpoint, we know our chief is dead, and she was-
As far as we know, but also remember how you came in and talked to Drew, and it wasn't you?
Gary said something.
Keith, that is the first smart thing you have ever said.
Thank you.
I just, I remembered Gary said something along the lines of, she wasn't standing up straight the way that Chief Cook would.
That is almost police work.
Good work on that there, Keith.
It might not be Maggie.
I mean, I saw her with my own eyes, but these days I don't know if I believe what I see anymore.
We do know that her car, though, was at the mill.
We do know that her car, though, was at the mill for an extended period of time.
Right, and that's why I think we ought to check out the mill.
We ought to, I don't think we need to do the dentist thing anymore, because I'm pretty sure that was James.
And then what was the other thing?
Oh, the church.
The helmet.
Should we go to the church or the mill first?
I think-
Fuck.
Because her dad worked at the mill, right?
I think the mill is going to tie a lot of things together.
Right now, a loose end is that helmet out in civilian hands with God knows what it is.
Let's go get the helmet, because we got all the other things.
We might as well have it all together.
That way we know a little more.
We ought to just go do it now, because we have the gun, we have the radio-
Yeah, and the camera.
And the camera.
I hate to say this, though.
Maybe we should split up, because time might be of the essence in both these matters.
I'll go to the church.
What do you think is more important?
That's a great question.
What time is it right now?
Oh, it's probably noon.
I go back in and I get a pho to go.
Pho to go?
Pho to go.
A pho to go?
A pho to go.
Take home a pho.
Take home a pho?
Do you get the pho to go?
Hey, Gary, what's your most popular pho?
Tri-tip.
Seafood.
Ooh, what kind of- what's a seafood?
Oh, it's got all sorts of tentacles in there.
Yeah, give me that.
To go, please.
One small seafood pho to go.
Okay.
Extra pho.
One small seafood pho extra pho coming right up.
What do you guys want you- who should hit where?
I'm just so hesitant to split up.
I just- yeah, off- maybe off mic or just out of character.
I totally feel like Zach is gonna fuck us, and like something's going down at the mill right now,
and like we have to be there.
We should not split up.
As fun as it is to do, and as fun as it is to like, listen back and how much I fuck up on my own,
I think maybe we should stick together for this one?
We shouldn't trust anything to make no-
I think if you guys split up and one of you went to the mill, one of you went to the church,
one of you went to James, the mill worker, like the guy who worked at the mill, his house,
like if one of you went to each of those locations-
We might have accomplished a lot.
That would be fine.
It would be fine.
You say that, but- I mean, okay, what-
Fucking DMs.
What would-
I think that you would all have a great time.
What would a real police station do?
Well, okay, so that's what I was actually going through.
We now have this new purpose given to us by an unknown entity of figuring out crazy shit,
which would be the helmet.
But, as police officers, we've worked with Maggie for a long time, so the mill would also-
We would have it in our hearts to be-
So that's why I'm saying we're real conflicted about what would be important to us.
Wait, okay, we don't have to ask them any fucking questions.
All we have to do is bust into that church and say-
Give it to us.
We're confiscating this helmet like it's part of the-
It's evidence in an investigation.
And then we go to the mill right after.
We will talk to you about it later, but we need that right now.
Let's do it.
Let's try that.
Let's do it. Good police work, guys.
Where's the church at?
Yeah, where's the mill at?
Where's the church at, Keith asks.
Oh, shit, that's real handy.
That's real handy.
It's right around the corner for the listener.
Maybe we should go to the mill first.
Where is the mill?
The mill is on the other side of the city.
Of the town.
Of the city.
Oh, really? It's like on the other side of the big city?
The mill?
Yeah, well, let's definitely go swing by the church and then go out to the city.
But all these people work there?
I mean, how far away is it?
It's like 45 minutes to an hour away.
It's not a bad-
I just figured it was like the town's mill.
Same.
The mill.
Yeah, well, you were fucking wrong.
The mill.
Let's go over here and then head on out to the mill.
Yeah, I agree.
Let's swing by the church.
It's literally right around the corner.
There's no reason not to.
Sounds good.
Are you getting into one vehicle to go?
Let's take all three.
Yeah, let's take all three.
The quickest path to the church of contention would take you over a small bridge.
There is a creek running underneath the bridge.
And as you go over the bridge, you would all notice something pretty odd.
The water is filled with animals.
There are dogs and cats hanging out in the water.
There are also raccoons, skunks, squirrels, possums, badgers, weasels, and minks all hanging out in the water.
Do I see an old black lab?
Go ahead and search for me.
Fail, 95 on a 20.
You do not see an old black lab, but you do see all the aforementioned animals.
They are all hanging out in what would be the deepest part of the water, the most center part, furthest away from land on either side.
I want to slow down on the bridge, roll down my window, and go, Tyler!
Come here, Tyler!
You do that.
Any dog come up running my direction?
Do any of the animals look at him at all?
Or are they all focused on something in the creek?
All the animals are facing the land, and they all look to be on edge, but they're all in the water.
Do any of the cats resemble Marie Jacobs' cat?
In that part of the creek, there are three different black cats that all look to be similar.
Out of character, I'm thinking classic animals, you know, when they know a tornado's coming or some shit like that.
What if they know something we don't?
Because this is a very, very weird thing.
My sanity is at... I pass.
Hell yeah.
Yeah, I passed.
I passed. 21 on a 41.
Okay. What is your rationalization? Does none of you lose sanity?
Pool party for the animals.
It's hot outside.
It's hot out.
It's December. I mean, it's unseasonably warm still, I would say, but it is December.
Somebody must have dumped a bunch of real good animal food in that river, upriver, and it's all collected down here.
Maybe the cable factory has exploded.
Out of character, they probably know that maybe the goo or whatever we're fighting can't go...
Get in water.
Get in water, yeah.
I was thinking that too.
But Keith would not ever think that, so...
Why are you slowing down?
You say over the radio?
Yeah.
Oh, you know, that Carrie Page, that councilwoman, she lost that dog.
I just thought maybe it ran over here with all these other animals.
I don't know. Animals are weird. Maybe.
Let's keep going, though. I don't...
Yeah, I didn't see it up there.
I don't care about a councilwoman's dog. Probably the homeless people ate it, right?
Isn't that what she thought?
That's what she thought.
Yeah, that's what I think too. Maybe she should join the force, too.
Were they feeding dogs?
That's ridiculous.
Those homeless people you saw?
Nope.
That seems really prejudice.
I didn't like it when she said it. I don't like it when you say Keith.
Yeah, well, you weren't stuck on a bus full of stinky, scary people.
Who were not eating dogs.
At the time.
You guys pull up to the first church of contention.
It is one of the largest...
It's the fattest fucking building.
It's greasy as hell.
It's some weight, church.
It's one of the largest buildings in contention.
The entirety of the wall facing the street is made of enormous windows with a massive stained glass cross in its center.
The parking lot is the size of a football field.
And an electronic sign displays the time, temperature, and the hours of the different services.
It also currently has a slide that says in all caps,
Free meal for anyone who needs it.
Just come inside.
As you guys park in the parking lot, go ahead and roll an alertness check for me, John.
89 on a 60.
Okay, everything's good to go.
What do you guys want to do?
What temperature is up on that board?
48 degrees.
Okay, that was just a wild stab at the dark at the thing I was supposed to pass my alertness roll for.
I just think we just go in.
Yeah, everything seems fine to me.
Do we know what day it is?
It's December 4th.
Which is what day of the week?
It's Thursday.
We gotta get Ramona out of here.
Ramona wanted out. She was just like, I'm gone. You guys are nerds.
If that fucks up the...
I've never thought about it, but how about this?
That's a good question though, whether it's Sunday or not.
It started on Monday. How about that?
Monday night was when we started, and so Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
It's Thursday at noon.
Let's just go in.
There's no reason to call and ask.
We're here to confiscate a piece of evidence.
So yeah, that's what we're here for.
And it's a church. There's no way that they're gonna be...
How full is the parking lot?
There are a handful of cars in the parking lot.
There is also a motorcycle.
I'm gonna stay in the parking lot just in case.
Do you think I ought to stay behind just in case somebody tries to run outside or something?
I don't know why they would though.
Yeah, why don't you stay here and watch the cruisers?
Yeah, I will.
I'll sit in the cruiser and listen to NPR.
Actually, no. Keith would listen to the classic rock station.
Rock.
All right, Luke, leave.
Actually, it's the Doobie Brothers.
Oh, I have to leave?
I mean...
Or just come in with us.
Yeah, I'll go in. I don't wanna say that.
You know what? That's kind of realistic.
You don't wanna miss out on whatever's going on inside.
Yeah, go in with them.
Okay, cool. So when you guys walk through the front doors, the church is mostly empty.
But you can hear a rumble of noise coming from down the stairs.
Hey, do any of us go to this church?
I am not a religious man.
I don't think Clark is.
Maybe when he was a kid.
Yeah, I went here when I was a kid.
I think we probably all did.
So we know the layout of the church. We just haven't been in a while.
But we probably would have some relationship with the pastor as the only three cops in town, for sure.
Yeah, do we know just the pastor's name?
Yeah, his name is Adam Cain.
Adam Cain.
We probably do security for church events and shit.
Would I know where Pastor Cain's office is? Or is there maybe signage that would tell me?
Yeah, you could pretty easily find the offices.
I walk in and I unload my full clip screaming for Pastor Cain.
Yeah, I wanna go back into the offices.
Yeah, we'll follow him.
Okay, cool. Yeah, there is a door that says Head Pastor Adam Cain.
And the door is locked.
I knock on it.
Pastor, it's Clark here. Officer Bishop, we gotta talk to you.
I knock again.
You hear no response.
I'm gonna use my lock picking skill to pick the lock.
Keith pulls out his lock picks.
Wait, wait, wait.
While he does that, I go and try to find an administrative assistant or anybody who works here to ask where somebody is.
I did it already though. I got an 18 on a 50.
John, as you turn around to start walking through the church, you hear a click and the door opens.
I'm still gonna do what I was gonna do because we need to find the pastor.
The door clicks open. I immediately go inside.
Okay.
So, Clark, what are you doing?
I don't know. I think I'd probably peek in the door behind Keith.
Keith, what are you doing? Get out of there.
Dude.
It was locked.
I know. There's not any more.
Do you see the helmet in there?
I walk into the room and sitting on top of the, hold on.
John, you go walking through the church and you actually don't see anyone in the office.
There's a desk for a secretary, but she is or he is not sitting at the desk.
But you do hear that noise coming from, there's a large stairwell that goes downstairs.
And it sounds like there's-
And the lights are on down there and you can hear noise coming from down there.
I'm heading down there.
Sounds good.
Back in the office, Keith, you see sitting on the desk of the pastor, there is an old motorcycle helmet.
And it has some tubes on either side of it.
And there are two lights on it, one green, one red, and the red one is lit up.
I look at Clark and I go, yeah, baby.
And then I grab it.
No.
I grab it. I don't put it on, but I grab it and I am going to go outside and look at that motorcycle.
Wait, so when he grabbed it, did anything happen?
When you grabbed it, nothing happened, but then you turn around and Clark is-
Keith, we got one of these fucking radio, like switch people's bodies when, I assume when they touch it or something.
It's in my, I'm looking at you, like realizing that as you tell me it and it's in my hand, like, well, I just won't put it on, but it seems okay now.
The red lights on, remember the green lights, the one that-
Scary stuff happens.
Scary stuff happens.
Clark, Luke, Keith, do either one of you have microelectronics or-
I have computer science.
Microelectronics is not a thing.
Oh, it's not.
You don't have a craft skill or anything?
My craft is lock picking.
Okay.
I have 20 in computer science.
I've got a 50 in forensics.
Okay.
Then, yeah.
You guys are good?
Yeah, I don't have anything else that could even close.
Actually, instead of going out to check the motorcycle out-
Let's go find John.
Yeah, let's go see where John went.
I got the helmet and I'm carrying it like under my arm.
Sounds good.
John, you head down the stairs.
As you go down there, you see there's an extremely large room at the base of the stairs and there are a bunch of tables set up.
There is a long line of people.
Each person in line kind of looks down on their luck and the line leads to a serving window where there are a few people scooping pasta and salad onto paper plates.
And just past the food is Pastor Adam Cain and he is praying with each person who goes through the line when they grab their food.
He's doing a quick prayer with them and then they head to a table and start chowing down.
I take that all in and I stroll on up to the pastor.
You stroll up to the pastor, Adam Cain.
Adam Cain has a balloon-shaped head.
He has eyes that are so dark that the irises look black and he seems to be in his early 30s.
He is quite smooth and steady.
Everything he does seems to be deliberate and he's praying with each person who comes through and in between two people, you walk right up to him.
Good afternoon, pastor.
Oh, hello, officer.
What are y'all putting on today?
I mean, nothing in particular.
We're just doing our daily lunch service for anyone who is in need of a free meal.
Real quick, off out of character.
The homeless reports we had gotten, right, were about the homeless disappearing, right?
Or they were about the being a bunch of homeless?
An influx of homeless.
An influx of homeless.
You might be able to shed some light on something for me.
We've been hearing about an awful lot of homeless people coming into contention and you pray with these people.
You minister to them.
Have they been telling you where they're coming from?
What troubles have brought them here?
It seems to me that all of these new sheep into the herd of God's kingdom have come from the city.
They all are down on their luck and I am here to feed them.
Well, that's very Christian of you, pastor.
I do what I think is the right thing.
Hey, you know, the reason I'm here today.
We've been dealing with some things going on in this town.
Some stuff is coming together.
We had a pretty important ongoing investigation and unfortunately, eh, this is gonna just sound strange, but...
To the right of you, there are a lot of homeless people piling up who each have their plates waiting for a prayer with Pastor Adam Cain.
Um, I kinda, I am like sideways and I'm like, alright, alright, give me a minute with the pastor.
Ain't got a fucking monopoly on salvation, you homeless fucks.
I say that all into my breath.
Sorry, pastor.
Here's the long and short of it.
We heard that the church had purchased a helmet from a flea market, a motorcycle helmet.
That is unfortunately related to an investigation we are conducting right now.
Should have never been on sale. Let's just put it that way.
So we're gonna need to take that in for evidence if y'all still have it.
Uh, yes. It's actually up in my office right now.
I know you got a whole lot of praying and blessing to do, but would you mind taking me up there right now?
Absolutely not.
Everyone, I'm so sorry. I will be back in a flickscrow of a switch.
Y'all, y'all stay blessed now.
And the two of you begin walking up to the stairs right as Keith and Clark come walking down the stairs,
Keith holding the helmet underneath one of his arms.
And as you all approach each other...
Hey, I found the pastor. He's gonna let us in to his office.
Why?
Oh, uh, pastor, your office was open back there. We found the helmet we needed.
Yeah, the door was wide open and I saw the helmet and I figured, you know, I might as well grab it now,
um, save you the trouble from having to go back up there and then we'd come tell you that we got it and head on our way.
Yeah, pastor, that's all proper procedure and not Vigna being reckless.
Yeah, I mean...
That's correct. That's...
There's no reason for you to, yeah.
Uh, Keith, if you could roll persuade for me against his humit.
Oh.
Fuck.
Oh, fuck no.
That's a hundow.
He rolled a hundred. The worst of the worst.
You rolled a hundred and the pastor passed his check and he looks at you and he says,
That's quite alright. I'm always willing to comply with anything that the enforcers of the law of this great country can do for us.
So is that all you need?
What attracted you to the helmet?
Why'd you buy that?
What kind of food?
What am I smelling down there?
Look, you can just go look at that. We're trying to ask real questions. It's pasta, you eat.
He's right, okay. I'm gonna kind of squeeze past everybody. I'm super embarrassed.
Uh, squeeze past everybody, go grab a plate of whatever's down there.
I'm sticking with John and the pastor. Keith, are you holding on to the helmet as you...
Oh, yeah, definitely.
Yep, so as you pass through, Pastor Adam Kane kind of looks at John and Clark. Was there anything else?
Yeah, I just asked you a question.
Oh, I'm sorry. I was taken aback by Officer Vigna's actions.
He hadn't eaten for like 30 minutes, so he was...
He only had his daily flow.
Well, he's gotta fit into those pants somehow, I suppose.
He's trying, you know. He's trying.
So what was the question that you asked me?
Why did you purchase that helmet?
Oh, I was in the market for a helmet after I decided to go out and buy a motorcycle.
Have you ever ridden one?
Oh, is that your bike out there?
Yes.
I'm acquainted with speed, Pastor.
Is it not just the most exhilarating?
Heavenly.
It's wonderful.
I find them dangerous and reckless, but to each their own.
I appreciate that, but when you have God on your side, nothing is reckless.
And you got a helmet. Well, you don't have a helmet anymore, but...
I did have a helmet, and you said you will be taking that?
We are gonna have to take a little bit of a look at it. You should get it back in 12 to 32 weeks.
Oh, gosh, I really thought you were gonna say hours. Okay, I will...
You should buy a new helmet.
Then I suppose I am once again in the market for a helmet.
Hey, I hate to do this to you, but we see you riding without one.
We are gonna have to give you a ticket, so you should probably get that taken care of immediately.
Well, I will indeed.
I'll have you know that I am working on legislation to have that particular law removed.
There's nothing like riding a motorcycle with the wind in your hair, am I right, John?
Sorry, Officer Pettymore.
Thank you, Pastor.
Thank you, Pastor. Now, I have to say I disagree there.
You know, Clark's right, these are dangerous machines.
It frankly seems irresponsible of somebody, you know, who has his own flock to be introducing this kind of legislation to the community.
Well, I certainly don't believe that there's anything un-Christian about such legislation.
Oh, well. Feels like you'd be leading directly to deaths. I don't know.
Pastor, you think that people shouldn't wear helmets on motorcycles?
That is my goal, yes.
Hell, man, that makes you the coolest pastor I know, but that is not responsible.
To each their own, I suppose.
That seems like the definition of reckless.
Yeah, your recklessness is gonna lead to a lot of wrecks, and folks is gonna be cracking their heads open, because they ain't got no helmet.
I personally don't understand the correlation between a lack of helmet and an influx of wrecks.
We're talking about the severity of the accident?
Okay, I'm sorry. I misunderstood you then, I suppose.
Pastor, I just gotta advise you completely against submitting this, like, this doesn't seem like it would be good for your reputation, for the advancement of our plot in particular, or...
To each their own, I suppose.
That's not the law yet, so you do need that helmet.
Absolutely. I guess I'm in the market again, and I tend to buy used, so I will be back at Forgotten Treasures soon, I suppose.
Okay, also though, you should definitely get a new one, because they don't last if they've been in a crash or something.
Well, I always get my helmet facts on all the used helmets that I buy.
What did the helmet facts say on this one? I guess you could just tell the tubes weren't broken, so that's a good...
There's glass on the outside of it, so I assume...
It's like a rudimentary quality assurance.
Absolutely. I thought it was quite clever of the original makers, although I didn't find a name on it, interestingly enough.
Have you seen what these lights do?
I'm sorry, lights?
Yeah, the red and green light.
Oh, yeah, it's just...
You ever seen that green light come on?
No, it's just been red.
Okay.
How many times have you used the helmet since you bought it?
I picked up the motorcycle, and I rode it here.
So once?
I suppose so, yes.
When was that?
Well, it's, you know, there was, you know, some weather conflicts, and I stayed home one day, and...
Oh, okay.
I've only gotten to ride it once, but it was quite thrilling.
Hey, Pastor, what does the Bible say about animals congregating in funny ways in streams, or creeks?
You have noticed that is...
Well, I have thought that was quite strange.
That's all the spiritual guidance you got for us there that's quite strange?
Well, I've been praying about it.
How long has it been going on?
Oh, a couple days.
They've been out there?
Seems rather odd. Do you see them come and go, or have they just been staying there?
Well, some of them run through the water, and that's always a joy.
You know, it's not every day that you get to see a mink and a raccoon interact.
Yeah, for sure. No, I mean, thank God for all these creatures.
They give us company and nutrition.
I come back up, I got a plate full of all the...
Pasta and salad.
Pasta and salad that I could fit on there, and I've got a mouthful of food,
but I shoot up and swallow it, and I come up to the pastor, and I say,
Hey, do you know where all these people are staying?
I believe they live in the city.
All these homeless people live in the city?
Well, there are more shelters there than there are here,
and I believe from talking to them, they seem to be moving from shelter to shelter,
depending on which days are available.
Do you know the plight of the homeless well, Keith?
Sorry, Officer Vigna?
Thank you.
I... I just...
I have a...
This might sound like an odd question, but do the pistons attend your congregation?
Yeah...
Well...
I can't say that there are regulars here at the First Church of Contention,
though I do see George and Kathy,
and they'll sometimes bring Leo on holidays here and there.
When's the last time you saw them here?
Oh, gosh.
Might have been our Fourth of July celebration, I don't know.
It could have been Easter.
Okay.
Were you aware they might be running a...
A homeless shelter?
Shooting daggers at...
Yeah, we're both shooting daggers at Keith.
With their eyes.
Yeah, I...
No.
I say no.
We're firing daggers out of our service business.
Roll mail.
Yeah, I say...
He's not...
He's running...
Yeah, he's not running.
Did you know that the pistons are running a pig farm?
Well, yes.
That has been their business for some time.
All right.
I just wanted to check.
Hey, Keith...
I'm pulling this.
Keith, what the...
We don't fucking just tell people about facts about the investigation, God dammit.
So, Pastor...
I do need to get back to my flock.
If that's all that you need, then...
Of course.
You got a lot of blessing and praying to do.
I am...
Thank you so much for understanding about the helmet.
Hey, if you remember anything about that, why don't you give us a call?
Here's my card.
Hey, real fast, before you go, did anybody else come asking about this helmet?
You are the first ones I've talked to about it.
All right.
Can I humint that?
Oh, yes, you can.
Roll humint.
93 out of 50.
Fail.
All right.
I take a few more bites of my food and then I go back to the buffet and I scrape the leftovers
back into their...
Oh, my God.
Back into their...
Like the salad, back into the salad, and the pasta, back into the pasta.
How do you think real people...
How do you think your coworkers are actually supposed to react to that?
If you saw somebody do that that you knew, you would hate that person.
Vigna, what the fuck?
Get those trays, throw those out, help the kitchen workers bring some new ones back.
What the hell are you doing in this church?
Do you hate homeless people?
I was just trying to...
I didn't need it anymore.
Vigna.
And they need it more than me.
Let's get out of here.
Vigna, you dumb son of a bitch.
You guys are yelling this weird conversation on one side of the room as Pastor Adam Kane
is just staring daggers into both of you as he circles around and gets to the front of
the group, grabs a microphone, and begins speaking.
Hello everyone, and welcome to the First Church of Contention.
I am the pastor, Adam Kane.
You guys are having this weird conversation.
Clark, I imagine you still standing on the stairs looking into this room.
And the pastor goes on.
We here at FCC believe that every life has a purpose.
No one comes through our doors by accident, and we aim to help alleviate any pain in any
life, in any way possible.
Today that pain may be physical hunger.
We can help with that.
Let's all give a round of applause to our wonderful volunteers from the youth group
serving up the pasta that my beautiful wife Evelyn and our kids David and Sarah have made.
Well done.
Now please enjoy the food and the fellowship, and we hope to see you back with us on Sunday.
So that we may relieve your spiritual pain.
You know, a beautiful afterlife awaits everyone who believes.
It is just on the other side of the veil, and...
Look at me, I'm getting ahead of myself.
Enjoy yourselves, and we'll see you all on Sunday.
And he clicks the mic off and goes back walking through.
In a little bit of time dilation, as he was doing all that, can I scan the crowd?
Is the crowd reacting like a normal crowd would?
Absolutely, yeah, yeah.
Have you ever seen, have you ever been to like a soup kitchen or a church when they're
serving a group of homeless people?
No, I guess not, not homeless people.
I've been to like churches serving dinners, but...
It is weirdly quiet.
So Keith?
Yeah, I head back up the stairs, I'm like, I don't want to be here anymore.
I do want to go look at this guy's bike, just to check it out, because I got this cool helmet.
I've never ridden a motorcycle before, but all of a sudden I feel like, damn, this is cool.
It's a pretty sweet motorcycle.
Is it black?
Yes, and it's pretty, it's got a naked lady on the gas tank.
This pastor's a really cool pastor.
It's Mary Magdalene.
Bathing Jesus's feet.
With her hair, pin-up style Mary.
I would rise up for three days for that.
How am I the only one trying to pull over How can you have enough drowning out of the
night?
No, I'm not.

