Hey, hey, hey my babies, it's episode
76 and you know, that means that dr. J would be proud of all the slamming and jamming
We have been doing on this here radio show as always
I'm dunking on fools all day here at six nine four point two
PTBP I'm grinding up fools in the post doing a dipsy do dunkaroo on their heads
I'm the hoop god that you never knew
Hello one hello all
Hello y'all it's your best friend with a trash-eating problem wolf the dog
It is December 6th, and the time is 3 o'clock y'all hmm
Sounds like it's about garbage bin o'clock for you old wolfie boy now speaking of trash earlier
I took my dog wolf the dog to go find him something to feel his big old belly up with but upon
Venturing outside the sky suddenly darkened all around us for a little bit y'all ever seen an eclipse
It was like that but uh different
It was real spooky y'all wolf nearly shit his big-ass britches
Which wolf did that I'll let y'all figure that one out when I came back down to the studio
I found a note attached with a thumb tacked to the inside of my door
It is emblazoned with a solid green triangle and says for wolf at the top
I guess it's this week's howlin with wolf it comes from user chuckling boy over on the subreddit
He's an Android user but logged into iTunes on his computer to leave a review this boy sure knows how to make old
Wolfie blush and make sure y'all go and also leave us a good review
Chuckling boy writes the cowboy years introduced a turn of phrase for dealing with a shitstorm
We called it a night at the Opera you boys have taken care of a few off-screen
But damned if your debut isn't like the Mets own debut
Faust something fitting isn't that and remember the mission is over when the world ends
For all of you out there listening be sure to stop by the subreddit
We're starting to see more discussion around the greater delta green cannon as well as game running tips and general show stuff and whatnot
And while I'm telling y'all to stop by things check out our discord and twitch
You can find a link to the discord on our subreddit and some other places
I think and on that twitch you can see some guy there every now and then who sounds like me
but with a higher pitched voice
Suspicious to keep tabs on these
Suspicious happenings with those suspicious pretending pod people go to twitch.tv
Slash pretending pod streams wolf bless you chuckling boy
I don't care who you are where you're from what you did as long as you tag us on Instagram or Twitter at
Pretending pod or write a five-star review on Apple podcasts or if you're a patron over on patreon.com
pretending pod go check out the poll and vote on what the boys will be playing next live streaming in the Dennison on
Wednesday April 29th at 6 p.m.
Central time hurry over and vote as the poll will close Sunday evening
So Zach can have some prep time and I have a note here from my producer for all you patrons from splash
Pennsylvania fast-passed holders to clinkers daycare alumni and everyone in between
Dearly beloved. Thank you for your patience. It has been noted and
Appreciated we will be catching up soon bless each and every one of you
Whatever fuck whoever this guy is now fuck a whole lot of people but especially Jeff Bezos
It's time for the news a tall gaunt
humanoid figure
a
Older version of himself just stood
None of that made a lick of sense to me
But that doesn't mean I'm not hungry filling me up as always is kudzu with no
back-bone
Oh
We're back baby, this isn't a Q&A back, baby, you're not playing animals. We've real people man
Kind of we're pretending to be
76 the good people. Oh, yeah, you guys are the people people like you guys are great people
So I did tell you last time that we played that the next time that we played
You would be back as
Who you are? So I want you to get into the consciousness of your characters. John Lee Pettymore
Clark Bishop Keith Vigna
Remember
What it feels like?
inside the skin of these
Trash people. Oh boy. It's me clock
And it's me oh, I'm I'm back baby
Paul Lee Pettymore if that part makes the podcast I quit
You are now
John Lee Pettymore Keith Vigna and Clark Bishop John John Lee Kevin Moore. Is that what you view yourself as?
I feel like it's the best portmanteau to describe
portmanteau
The best portmanteau
To describe his current situation. Yeah, also since he's made of since he's made of metal and is basically a robo cop
Will you beef up my stats? Can I get cool stats?
Well you cool stats, please
Okay, yeah, that's fine give yourself a plus 10 to strength and
Constitution and a negative 10 to dexterity and Keith Vigna do the same plus 10 to the base, right so that
20 strength 20 Constitution 3 dexterity
Oh
Thomas when you see your character in a dream in the mirror what version is it? What does he look like?
John og the fourth correct
canonically the og yes from
Not like the from the first episode of pretending to be people a new hope
So that is the version that you all see when you see yourselves
existing in
An infinite darkness and you feel eyes on you all over you out of your own bodies
floating in this vast nothingness you see Keith Vigna open a door and
Tildy be Mitchell is there on the other side curled up in the fetal position and her body begins
Deteriorating hastily like she has leprosy but in time-lapse
However, she grows larger and larger with each passing moment
Clark Bishop is seen handing an old piece of parchment to a young boy
with a balloon shaped head and eyes so dark that the irises look black and
immediately the boys feet catch fire and the fire grows and grows to consume the young black eyed boy and
You hear three voices cry out in pain
John Lee Pettymore
Is crouched down crouched down
He's crouched down staring at a television. That is a blank white screen
He reaches out and touches the screen like Vanna White
But instead of a letter popping up Clark Bishop's parents Eunice and Jerry the size of action figures
Jump out of the television screen and run up John Lee Pettymore the fourth arm
Climbing his shoulder and flinging themselves into John's head
No, the bishops are going to disappear right into petty Moore's brain
But they both get stuck halfway in their legs writhing about and flailing in this never-ending
dreamscape
Oily viscous sludge begins dripping and then spraying out of John Lee Pettymore the force head
Where the bishops have lodged themselves and the ooze begins
Collecting on a ground below now made of light and the ooze drip strips drips and then pours
until a laminar flow
Connects the head of John Lee Pettymore the fourth to a pool of this inky substance that begins shaping itself
Into a large saucer, but as the pool grows the walls begin rising outward
Creating an imposingly colossal
Bowl and our view must back up leagues as this shape continues to form a mirror of what is now below
the minuscule body of John Lee Pettymore in the far distance
continues to fill this thing's final form an
incomprehensibly
massive sphere and it continues to grow and grow and grow and
Then
The three of you wake up
you feel like you're in shock your stomach feels weirdly full and
Your ears are ringing and you feel content, but it's dark and it's cold and it smells smells like
Almost sweet like like there's meat maybe
Your
Eyes begin to adjust and there's a pool of blood on the floor next to it is a coffin on the ground and this
mausoleum
And you look at each other
Blood splatters speckled all over each one of you John Lee Kevin Moore and all black tactical gear
Keith vigna and his brightly colored polo and boat shoes
Clark Bishop in an old contention PD uniform currently holding a thick black cloak
and the shock
Begins to wear off and you feel the searing pain you felt before
on your chest on your back on the bottom of your left foot and inside your dominant palm and
This time when you guys look around at each other and check each other's
Skin, not only is the word Marvin crossed out
But the word Maggie on each of your left feet is also crossed out. Hello again, boys
Are we is this we're back we're back this is this is where we woke up last time we made it
Again, how many times is this now? This would be the 30s. How many times are we gonna do this?
This is the third time that we've woken up in here
But this is the second time after we've died right where was Maggie written on our bodies our feet
I take my shoe off because my foot is super itchy and I start scratching it and then realize that it's
Exed out the only two names left her Drew and Tilly
What do you guys think we did that made the Maggie get crossed off? I mean the last thing I remember is is
Just piles of cash at the University
What
Does Clark remember of like the feeling that he had before he did what he did like this
He how does that feel to him thinking about that? Oh, not good. Not good at all
Because basically you were under a compulsion and you had no control over your body that you now have control over but
That has to make you wonder how long do you have control over your body? And how easy was it for it to be taken over?
However, you guys are all back up to full hit points
And your luck will start where it was last time except for we discussed luck
That was awarded that was not used which is plus five for me and plus ten for Joe. I believe so
Yeah, so I think I have 35. Does that sound right? It does have we ever canonically described
John Lee Kevin Moore's
Appearance I mean not a whole lot. I think you have full reigns in episode 76 here to
Tell us what he looks like going into this arc
Sam Elliott and Roadhouse. Oh
That's it that's I thought you were gonna
Hell yeah, what a man. Oh, yeah Taylor and I watched Roadhouse like a month ago
I still have never seen either one of us had ever seen it. I also watched it for the first time like last fall
It's wild
Was it good? It's really fucking good. It's a watch. It is extremely entertaining. So absurd. I've only ever seen bits and pieces
I don't think I've ever said and watch the whole thing through an
Insanely like psychotic mob boss for no reason tries to take over this small, Missouri town. Oh, it's in Missouri Patrick
So, yep, Patrick Swayze
Who is like a world-famous bouncer within the world's like the John wick of bouncers
So he he gets a job like at a bar in the town to clean it up and he moves into
this loft above
Is he above the mechanic shop or on like a farm or something?
Anyway for whatever reason he rents this loft that ends up being directly across this like small river from
villains mansion
Villains just out there like watching him while he does fucking Tai Chi in the yard and shit
There's a lot of shots of him doing Tai Chi in the yard. It's great. What about our
sanity so your sanity is going to
Start
Wherever it was when you woke up last time
Which is where it was when you went into the mausoleum the first time I was afraid you were gonna say that
What are you at? I'm at 19 with a breaking point of 18. I'm always like destined to
Snap every time we wake up in here
So I'm gonna give you 2d 20 unnatural for what you learned in the last go-around
About the unnatural dope dope dope. So roll them up
Luke what'd you get a 15 and a 7 ooh?
22 on top of what did you have before?
28 so I'm at 50. That's it's a lot maybe yeah. All right. I've done what I did. So here we are
I mean I can reroll
No, I like it wouldn't work. I said things and now they're they're happening Joe. What do we get?
I got a 13 and a 6 that gives me 19 added on to a 30 makes it 49, right?
Right there with you, bud. Oh and Thomas took his webcam off
To show us his role because 17 and 11. Is that an 11 making up for last time?
Yeah, it's a 77
17 and 11 so 28 on top of what did you have last time?
16 16 so coming in hot with 44 well done. So a reminder. We're all very unnatural now reminder
You can use that skill at any time
But if you fail on the roll, you're gonna take a 1d6 sanity check not a check a hit
But you still get good stuff even from a fail. That is true. That is my favorite mechanic of the unnatural
Okay, I want to peek out of the mausoleum. Do I see that old lady still?
No, when you peek out you do not see the old lady there but
Jumping back into the character sheet and the mechanics for one quick second
Basically in Delta green and rules is written when you go on a mission and you finish the mission
There are these like qualifiers
that basically say like you gain this much sanity if you complete this task and so I'm gonna give you guys a
D10 of sanity
shit for
killing
Marvin glass hell, yeah, the knowledge that that entity is
No longer is
worth 10 sanity
You got one I roll the fucking one
I
Need so bad
Thomas
The webcam and roll the 10 Wowzers live. Yeah, I got a 60 so right in the mid there
So we're getting this for having killed Marvin glass. Are we is there nothing for the last arc?
So that was just his first you lose whatever you just rolled. Yeah last one. Well, we killed we killed
Um, well, no, he killed himself didn't he Bruce Robin like that was our
Ostensibly our mission our actions caused him to die. So that should be worth
So if you guys could argue that like why would killing Bruce Robin like why would that help you mentally? Oh
Yeah
Yeah, cuz you gave you gave us this cuz killing Marvin
Felt like a way right or as maybe killing Bruce Bruce killing himself in front of you. Did that feel like a win?
No, I was that didn't mean to sound like such a dick
Did you guys like that
Sorry, but yeah, no if nothing about that entire arc made you feel like better about the situation
Then probably not
Yeah
But the Marvin thing was cool
Hey, you got one at least better than what you had
Yeah, Bruce Robin was a ruthless
Capitalist who prayed on on the lower half of society to to harvest as well
However, he had just recently made a pretty big statement by giving all of his employees
Vacation time while he worked diligently to make all of his companies
Better for the employees. So with with higher pay and some people were saying that yeah, I don't know
He reminded me of my brother and I hated my brother. So him dying made me feel even better
I
Was just like every lost human soul makes me gain sanity
Yeah, is that still a thing though? I thought we were done with all our so
Yeah, we are gonna pull a clean slate on any phobias or manias
Starting up into this. However, when you hit those breaking points, you will be receiving new manias and phobias and I just
It's gonna happen and I don't want you to stack them
So, how about that and we back and we back and we back so Keith goes and looks out the out the mausoleum
And does not see the woman in the wheelchair and when you see the placement of the Sun
It is later than it was last time. What's your watch say Clark?
It says three three, it says 3 p.m. Which if you remember, I believe last time we woke up in here
It was one I think. Yeah, Zach's holding up a one finger
Yeah, it was one o'clock didn't we want to do something that I want to say for previously we thought about
Hunkering down and just waiting for us to see
Planet juggernaut pop out of the ground and then we would go into Marvin's lair so that we could retrieve the gun
Back from him and maybe the camera also is the camera with Marvin right now, right?
Yeah
so I look in the direction where I think the pit is is there any kind of chaos on the city skyline from that direction when
you guys walk out you walk into a
Pretty chilly December 6th at 3 p.m
The Sun is lower in the sky than it was the last time you're out here with these three dead men
quote-unquote men in black tactical gear
At your feet and a crawfish boil still going still pretty hot hot fire
It hasn't gone out yet looking out you notice that there maybe should be an old woman in a wheelchair
But it is quite a bit later. She was moving slow, but maybe not that slow
She's had time to scoot away by now at least out of this area for sure
Yeah
Or it's hopefully someone's come to help her one would assume unless her family abandoned her at the funeral of Ari
Manstein that'd be sad
Only you have the power to decide if this world gets that sad Zach
It's really not a choice
It's just what happens it happens every day open your
If you're not angry you're not paying attention Thomas guys what what time did we fight planet juggernaut?
Okay, if we if we popped out of the mausoleum at like one o'clock well
It was one o'clock the last one or the one before that it's three o'clock right now. It was one o'clock
Both times previously 11 a.m.. Then 1 o'clock then 3 o'clock. Oh, I see a pattern here
so if we popped out at
11 for our
Excursion into Marvin's base. I don't know how long were we there were we there for I mean
We did quite a bit you went to Jim Cook's house, then you went to get weapons
Maybe and then you went to the glass compound we fought the fish men
We were knocked unconscious for a certain amount of time while we waited and there was like a waiting room
Before we fought planet juggernaut, so we don't exactly know how long we were out for either
So I guess the best guess is that it's like late tonight is when planet juggernaut would pop
That's what I would say or early tomorrow morning even I don't know we would we would remember if it was if the Sun was
Up when we popped out. Can you tell us that oh the Sun was not up so it was within
24 hours from now hopefully unless we were knocked out for days before we
But that would be hopefully not don't you guys know everything in this show happens like very quickly no
So as I'm looking out for the old lady and scratching my foot. I realized that Maggie is exed out
Guys that just leaves true until D. Do you do you think we should go back to contention?
That's the last place that we know that we saw drew right anybody see him
I haven't seen him since contention and then Tildy is uh
Well, I think we're gonna need the gun for that one. Oh, you're right
So we need to wait around until we can get our hands on that gun and camera if our luck holds out
We could do drew now and then
Next time we wake up in the mausoleum. It'll be later. It should be five o'clock
I don't know that opens up the possibility that we'll have to kill ourselves to reset ourselves
And I don't know if I want to live with that on my mind for a while if the time comes
I will kill you both. There we go. What happens if we don't reset this time?
What have you got to live for now besides saving the world
I mean dying just isn't always like the first thing I want to do just don't die then but then we won't reset
It's like Douglas
Adams or Shel Silverstein said flying is just
Fine is just well what Tim McGraw said all day. I hope you get the chance to live like you were dying
So, let's go do it eight seconds later, I need you to roll alertness someone I got 60
I got a 70 I also have 60
I
rolled a
16 I pass
out of the corner of your eye you hear a smell and it's familiar and
What color is it bright yellow and?
You get the feeling
That creature that visited you asking about the book
Is nearby or will be here in a second and you need to act right now?
What do you do I tell the guy I tell the guys
Do you remember that thing that thing that the thing that screamed at me and it was asking for a book
I think it's coming back. I think it's coming back. We got it. We got to get out of here. Let's go
Let's sprint to our car. Oh shit. Do we have cars?
We might not have cars our old selves might have taken our car
We took the cruiser last time I think or did we take the Accord?
No, we took the car that Maggie brought us, right?
So there should still be a cruiser here right or my car we can steal a car if needs be
We had two cars here last time and we only took one of them. Who's got the lowest. Hold on. Let me call Enterprise
Am I wrong?
Yeah, there were three cars in total one that Maggie brought one that I drove there and one that you drew
Yeah, and last time we all took one together Maggie went somewhere else
So last time you left zero cars in the parking lot
Well, how many cars are there now? That's that is to be decided when you get to the parking lot
I suppose so you're saying that we took two cars
I think we all took one car the first time you left the cemetery you took the cruiser and the second time you left the
Cemetery you took the car that Clark came in
Okay, so okay and that makes John Road with Rosemary, right? Okay, so if we go to the parking lot, what do we see?
Well
Were you guys all trying to decide in that moment if you should go to the parking lot?
Because you didn't know whether there was a car there. Unfortunately due to our dithering. I think we I
Guess we could say it was in character, but I told you guys like we needed to go so I figured we were going
Yeah, yeah, but then we just sat around on our asses talking about whether or not there were cars there
I feel like Joe Luke and Thomas did that. I don't know if we would have done that in character
We would I said run so I feel like we would have run for Keith and character who says run I start running towards I
Think that there's still a car there. So sure. Yeah
As you guys are running through these tombs these above-ground
mausoleums
You need to make a couple quick turns to get out in the fastest way to the parking lot that you know
And as you're running you see right in front of you
There's an old woman in a wheelchair
and she looks at you with massive eyes and she's just like
And she starts crying out for help
I take her with I get behind her wheelchair and start running her towards the parking lot. You gotta come with us, ma'am
We'll get you out of here amazing and right behind you as you guys are nearing the turn for the parking lot
you hear this like
And if you look back while you're running you see that
materializing behind you and not in your way is this
Massive gaunt creature wearing a black suit and it has no snow hair whatsoever
On its head
If you could see its knuckles, there's no hair on its knuckles
Certainly, no eyebrows. How about down there any down there? You can't see the down there, but you
Looking at the rest of this from the rest of it might assume that it is both hairless and that
You would be unaware of what its genitalia could look like
Kendall
It could be anything. I mean it's got a Ken doll down there
Like just the smooth taint. Oh, I thought you meant like it's smooth, but there's a kindle attached to the front
Just like stuck on there that would that would be dope and you guys are running but then this thing's behind you and it cries
Out what do its eyes look like?
Its eyes are slits
That when they open they open from the bottom instead of from the top and
when they like slap down onto its cheeks
You see big big eyes that are
The pupils are red and the part that is white on humans is also white
I
Hand the old lady my gun and I'm like you ever used one of these boy howdy she's gonna roll sanity
She rolled a 77 oh
Hell yes. Oh, that's bad properly. No, this old lady's got it together. She she has 85 sanity
Oh sweet, so it's a critical success. So she cocks the gun. Yeah. Oh
Interesting, so she cut I was using these before you were born
She's instantly on board with this
Justin come on in we just got our new tank ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, let's call it
Hey tell Justin get in here and play an old lady
She
Cocks the gun immediately and I just wanted to provide cover fire over our shoulders
And when you make it out into the parking lot you see that there are
No cars here in this parking lot
Until a red
2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse comes flying
Across all the designated parking spots in this parking lot toward you
Who's in it? Is it baby driver and behind the wheel you can see drew Andrews
Now
Unfortunately, I've never been so excited. I need you all the real power
Shit
That's gonna be a no from me dog, I rolled over my power same 79 on a 50 67 on a 60
87 on a six. I rolled the 22
Fuck you
Unless that's good then. Hell yeah drew had an 11 sanity. So he also critically feels
You all here. Hello subject Clark Theodore Bishop and you all
Freeze
You all turn around even all of John Lee Kevin Moore with all of the wheelchair just spins you around like you're standing on a
Platform I am here to offer apologies and to put your minds to rest
Order has not been lost, but we ran into a glitch
Surrounding a vector with the same genetic code as Clark Theodore Bishop
But Clark Theodore Bishop does not have a twin. This is the glitch. I am here to
investigate
subject Clark Theodore Bishop
Subject John Lee petty more the third subject Ashley Keith beans
What can you tell me about this vector?
Your name is Ashley my face gets super red I'm like this guy doesn't know what he's talking about
Oh
That's something I shoot I shoot at him I get super mad super flustered and I shoot at him that's in line
That's what you did last time
All right, yeah, I go ahead and roll power again because you'll have to win a contest of power
Fucking hell dude, what'd you get? I'm rolling rocks. I rolled a 33 Oh
I got an eight. I'm sorry Keith Vigna as you pull the gun out
You hold it like you're aimed ready to fire and your finger will not pull the trigger. I
Need you to roll sanity. I
Got a 99
Oh
So, yeah days over my power, yes, I believe it is oh dang it looks like I wasn't recording I guess we got to start
Dang
Restart checkpoint
You guys all just pull guns on each other. See come back at five. Thanks
Thanks for clueing us into our strategy my finger won't move when I try to fire it and I look at
I look at the old lady
Why are you doing this to me?
She won't let me shoot him and I look panicked at my two friends, but also
Suspiciously, you've got to respect your elders and I'm sure she has her reasons
But also have you considered that it's the weird
Future man doing it. Yeah, I'm with John on this one Keith. I think that it's the tall guy over there. That's making us
Maybe you don't want me to shoot him
I mean I that's also true at this moment you realize that none of your mouths have been moving and you've been having this
conversation
Mentally, I
Need you guys to roll. I'm sorry tall guy. Did you just hear all that?
Oh
94
97 oh boy. What are we rolling? I need Joe and Thomas Clark and John both lose one sanity
However, Keith Vigna with that critical failure
You're also gonna lose one sanity
Cool, because you lose the maximum sanity, which is one for that
Well, okay, so I had that buffer of one so I don't break right now. Oh nice
Yeah, and hold on for just one scene longer and as you guys realize that you were having this conversation mentally oh wait
That was a sanity roll and I rolled over my yes, you did same
I don't know if okay
You'll have to explain how what kind of hold this creature has on me because I might not be able to do it's got a hold
Enough to where you won't be able to do anything
So just describe what it looks like when you try to do what you want to do
But you can't do what you want to do. I feel like this happened before
Discribed it as yeah, I just kind of boil from the inside
You see my face turn red and like sheer rage over my face
It's physically hurting me from the inside out that I can't do anything
Meanwhile Kevin is freaking out picks his can he move his body just like minutely
Well, then you can tell that if he could move his body
He would be freaking out
But every part of him is like twitching super tense muscles and the most concerned look comes across his face
And you hear him thinking this ain't right. This ain't me
This ain't me, I ain't no fortunate son. It ain't me
As you're all essentially just like in suspended motion
This thing thinks toward you and you feel
release and relief in
Your bones you can feel it reverberate. Do not do not be afraid
Do not be afraid
Hey, hey, I'm not a family on the shore
I'm giving you relief here. Welcome to fucking welcome to fucking welcome to the fucking show kids
And as you're all calm you see this woman for the first time maybe
Ever that you've seen this woman because every single time you've come across her she is looked so worried
So afraid almost like on the verge of death with how stressed out she is and you see her
immediately come to peace and
in that moment
she just exhales and
Freezes I try to take the gun from her hand. Her hand is kind of stuck to it a little bit. I
pry her
Frozen fingers off just because the bad circulation
I
Snap
No, but yeah, so I
Struggle with the gun for a little bit that rested from her frozen hand and and you have it
I don't know why you would need a gun in your hand with how relaxed and chill you are right now as this thing's
Like what? Can you tell me about this vector and you hear a screech behind you as
Drew whips this red
2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse right up behind you guys and drew looks
And he sees this creature looking at you and he slowly starts
Driving in reverse, but just really slowly
He goes about 20 yards and then he just stops and he's just watching
I try to beam the thought to drew run him down
Run them over you need not have those
Aggressions we are in time of peace
I will tell you what will help you if you will help me Clark's ears perk up at that for sure
What what do you need and what can you offer?
I am looking for information about a glitch in regards to subject Clark Theodore Bishop
This glitch is not a twin but has the same genetic makeup
I can't help but notice that you've abandoned the numbers format that you were using last time
We saw you are you are you the same thing that we saw last time? I am four three six two nine
I wanted to make sure that you are more comfortable
DC FBI is what it was
I've been I've been through some stuff. I know those numbers now you does that does that mean your DC FBI?
Is that is that what those numbers mean? We are
We are I thought you were going to continue
We are blah blah blah blah
D DC FBI does that is is that the kind of like is that
District of Columbia Federal Bureau of Investigation. Is that what that stands for? So here's a thing
I need you all the real power
Three
Ooh a 25 I pass I got a 40 on a 50. Holy shit. We all passed
God, okay. Yeah, and I failed. Yeah, look how the
table and so
That will be important here in a second
District of Columbia your nation's capital. What's up with your voice?
This is the voice that I have to communicate with
What a different voice make you more comfortable. I guess
Physically, what are you? I am NOT like you that is apparent and you know that I'm not trying to other eyes you in any
Way, but are you like a future man, or are you some kind of space creature? I am simply better
That's an opinion it is not it is fact I am here to begin. Oh
I thought there was more again
Again begin what we are myriad and we are here to advance. Oh
You stuff in there again. Okay. Gotcha
Clark says to the fellas
Myriad you you remember myriad it's that's the we saw that symbol. It's the double helices and we saw the
robot man at James the mill workers house had that on his crotch and
There was a ring that Keith are you do you still have that ring around my neck?
I have the ring on a my shoestring show him that ring. I guess yeah, I hold it up
Actually, I want to put it on. Can I can I move? Yes. Okay, I put it on my right ring finger
And hold it out to him. We are a myriad as well
And this thing looks at you and holds out its hand toward you subject Jim
James cook you are not you are
Subject Ashley Keith beans. What is you do? Why?
Hello subject Ashley Keith beans
Why do you have this?
Ring
I've always had it roll power
25 on a 50
Failed you have always had it for a while. Obviously, that's just Jim cook in the body of Keith beans
Yeah subject Jim James cook you are still alive. This is excellent news
I
Whisper in Keith's ear. Why don't you tell him that we're your friends and you need him to restate your primary mission
To brief us on what's going on. I look at the thing. Did you catch that? I am sorry what he said
can you I
Need you to restate my mission to make sure that you're who you say you are
I
Bubble gum tree
Does that work
Subject Jim James cook before your death you were working on
operation stapler Android program
Respect to cut down on cost and sell to private companies like the city asylum
Are you still working on this? I approach the creature and get really close to it
I don't know if these guys
Know about that yet. So
But yeah
Then why did you ask me to state your brief loudly
I didn't say loudly. I only talk in one volume
Well, as long as they can know we're good to go. They're they're helping me out here
I assumed when you asked that they were not our enemy. Yeah, I'm still working on it
Just to make sure I can trust you. What is project stapler again?
Well, I just told you just told us
It was a merely operation to cut costs on Android creations and sell them to companies
including the contention orphanage
asylum
Contention asylum which one city asylum the city asylum. Hey Keith. I'm I mean a
Jim will you ask this thing if it's a robot? Is this a robot? You're not a robot
Are you I am NOT a robot, but you're an Android
Why would you assume that I am either robot or Android I am neither
So you're an alien I am from where I am from which is I do not know
So, how do you know you're neither robot nor Android nor alien? I am
alone
Technically in your definitions an alien, that's awesome, man
That's really cool. Well, so yeah, Jim Jim's just plugging away there
At that at that project stapler
Yeah, I ran into a little bit of a mix-up with my old body in this one
But uh, tell me more about the vector
We are on the same team and you are working with subject Clark Theodore Bishop
Please tell me more about the vector. What do you want to know? It just seems to be a little time-traveling thing
Yes. Yeah, nothing too big
Hey, maybe we'll tell you a little bit more about the vector if you can tell us about operation three ring binder and
hole puncher and hole puncher
Little whisper thing that he does every now and then does that sound like speech it sounds like yeah
He's communicating with some sort of speech some sort of uplink
Okay, when I showed him the ring did it like glow or do anything? No, I
Am unfamiliar with operation hole puncher or operation three ring binder
And I he meant that or is he know and that yeah, can I he meant it as well?
Oh, yeah, absolutely. Go ahead and roll him it
Fail 76 on a 50. I got a 75 on a 80
75 on an 80 would tell you you are not exactly
familiar with
non-human intelligence, however
If you were guessing
You would say that it didn't talk differently
So it's either been lying the whole time or telling the truth the whole time
Probably sounds like a real straight shooter Clark is gonna address the creature
Can you can you tell us how you how you and Jim are related? What how do you guys know each other?
Jim here works for myriad. How long has he been doing that? How long has he been with myriad?
Why do you do not know things about him he is right here
I'm Jim is just a real hard guy to get to open up and we've been working with him for a while and we you know
One of subject Jim James Cook's best qualities is his inability to open up. So you understand
so we just you know, we we really come to appreciate the feller and
Well, we just want to know a little bit more about him. So maybe on his birthday we can do something special
You know with with a personal touch what have you done on his previous birthdays?
Well, he hasn't told us when it is so we'd like to do something at all
Jim cook I gotta make that shorter some I'll speed it up in post just replace it with modem sounds
Hahahaha
Subject Jim James Cook does the same thing on his birthday
Every birthday for the past decade on his birthday
December 1st, he always goes to his favorite pie shop in the city called
Prairie pie, but it's like
Prairie pie. Yes
And
It's yeah, it's two folded hands on the outside in a triangle making that's like a pie slice
We have a local pie maker in Springfield called Prairie pie like on the Prairie like home and
It's the best pie. Anyway, I have a piece of the honey sea salt in my fridge right now every December 1st
Subject Jim James Cook's birthday
He goes to Prairie pie in the city before walking back home
I walk back home to contention. No Jim lives in the city
Oh, yeah
What do you know in exchange for this information to make subject Jim James Cook's birthday better now?
We know to get him pie. What do you know about the vector? Oh
Nothing really during my mishap when I had to switch bodies I a lot of info got kind of a
Jar-bolt around my head. I there's some things I just don't remember
Subject Jim James Cook
Are you in the body of subject Ashley Keith beans in order to repair the relationship regarding?
operation San Ferra blum
Yes
Precisely
Clark nudges Keith
Like I don't I can't do it without him hearing so I just nudge you after you say just yes
And you stop talking. I nudge you well, how do you suggest we move forward Jim?
You don't you don't remember very much about that mission. Do you you should have him remind you what it is? Yeah
Yeah, no, I mean Jim obviously remembers it pretty well
But what he did say is before he made a move he wanted to consult with us tactically
But yeah, you did want you to fill us in on that right? Yeah that way they know
So we yeah really if subject just James is taken care of I suppose
We can move forward in what way sorry we're playing catch-up
Will you describe who subject just James is to us? I mean out of character. Do you know yeah?
It's James the mill worker that's why we've called him James the mill worker forever cuz he's just James I am curious
I will give you information about
Operation San Ferra blum if you will first give me information about the vector
Clark Clark's gonna step forward toward it. Do you do you know you called it a glitch earlier?
Do you would you have a running theory on what this new vector is?
I'm gonna be straight with you a scary man that we don't exactly know for sure
We've got our own theories. Do you have a theory our working theory is a clone?
Yeah, I mean I guess that the clones old though, so wouldn't this one be the clone we've seen
We've seen this vector that I believe you're speaking of and it looks like me
But it seems like an older version of me is it helping or hurting I?
Like to think it's helping it seems it seems helpful so far seems more healthy than hurting does it seem to have an agenda
Yeah
Yes, yes, it does. What is this agenda? It's cryptic to say the to say the least yeah that remains unclear
Where was this vector seen last from your perspective? I point behind it
Yeah, I point at the mausoleum. It was
You get he I was in there
Oh, we're calling him Clark old Clark old was in in there
And then and then he wasn't he he doesn't he disappeared on us. What time?
11 or that's when we woke up so like 9 or 10, maybe yeah, thank you
I have decided many things during our
conversation one
Subject Ashley Keith beans you are not subject Jim James cook number two
Just wait a minute there you all are clearly working in a way that you do not understand
What your causalities are creating in this time?
I need for this reason too, and I am sorry wipe your memories
And it reaches out its hand I pull my gun out and try to shoot it so here
Let's think about what happens this thing reaches out its arm as Keith Vigna pulls out his gun
you see it like struggling as
We rolled the power check earlier
And you all succeeded it thinks that it succeeded and leaves it has
Completed its task and it disappears out of existence
But you all remember everything tight holy shit, and it went in a way different way than I expected it to
Yeah, we pumped that alien all his information and as you guys turn around and I'm singing like a canary
Let's go kill Tildy does Sam Farah bloom mean anything to you guys I?
Don't think it. No. I don't have no idea
If I google it does anything come up go ahead and roll computer
87 on a 20
No when you google Sam Farah bomb nothing comes up. I spell it wrong
I'd like to try as well
Fuck 60 other
Clark doesn't have any computer skill zero percent zero percent that makes sense yep. That was my design
Clark only uses his phone to text and just barely gets through it
You
Hear the car pull up right behind you it scares me, so I aim my gun at Drew
For just a second until I realize who it is Clark tries to like no no no
Throw a hand onto the gun to put it down to the ground. No. It's it's Keith. It's true. It's true
Look, it's true is the old lady still here in the wheelchair. There is a woman's body
Is it alive body? Why why did you say that Zach?
Is it is she dead?
When she
finally
Finally for the first time in over a decade had no pain and no fear in her heart and in her mind
She felt ready to go
Did she die fuck we killed her December 6 we have no way of knowing that so we're
Holy shit that that alien must have scared her death
Oh, maybe he did something terrible to her mind drew pulls up in the 2001 red Mitsubishi Eclipse
rolls down the window
Hello contention police officers, please get in the car and come with me. Oh boy. It is good to see you drew
What's contention like true? I'm so happy you're still around we were calling you
We weren't the fastest were calling you earlier, but not now
Good to see you drew
Oh
You
