Hey all you cool dogs and puppas, it's your best friend Oh Wharf the dog, and I am here
to receive all the belly rubs live on 694.2 PTBP.
If you rub my tummy, make sure you wear some kind of gloves that you can dispose of, because
otherwise you will obtain a scent on you that you will never get rid of, and a stickiness
and ooze.
I've been told I have a superglue-like secretion.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from at Mike Fardy, who tweeted about the show and tagged
that pretending pod they write, to Wolf the dog, from Mike Fardy and the Wonders and Blunders
podcast.
Dearest Wolf the dog, I can't hold back my feelings any longer.
Your gravely tones, your otherworldly fluting echoes, your got-dang thickness, may the light
of the blood moon guide you to me like I'm a dumpster full of night meat.
Much love from Wonders and Blunders, a fellow horror comedy actual play podcast, and good
luck to those contention boys.
End transmission.
Well, thanks Mike Fardy and the Wonders and Blunders podcast, but I am spoken for at the
moment.
There's a trash can named Teresa that I spend a lot of my time with these days.
She never asks for nothing, yet provides endless bounty for me and my loins.
But if me and Teresa ever break things off, which we never will, I will definitely keep
you in mind.
Maybe, but probably not.
There's a long list of suitors out there for little old Wolfie.
Remember, if you want to holla at your old wolf, use the screen you're already staring
at half the day and put something nasty out in the world with a tag for your dirtiest
dog at pretending pod, or write a review on Apple podcasts and tag us in the proof.
That's the goodest, and speaking of having nice things, you can find more tasty content
to devour in these less than delicious times over at patreon.com slash pretending pod.
And one more thing.
If you've listened this far, you very likely know about the subreddit and discord communities,
but I just want to say from the bottom of my stinky, greasy heart, it's a joy to watch
these internet nooks and crannies blossom into havens of silly and supportive solidarity.
Now time to get serious, because this episode is so, so very serious, seriously.
Now listen here you, I can't speak too loudly about this, but I heard this episode is not
very serious.
Seems like the producer was worried about becoming accustomed to remote playing before
jumping back into the main story.
Now remember to sit in those questions on the subreddit named episode 74, which it will
clearly not be, as this right here is episode 74.
Now let's get serious, my dear sweet innocent pups.
By the time you hear the intro to this song for the second time ever, you will know the
fate of the golden retriever called Bean.
It's kudzu with no backbow.
Howdy folks, I just wanted to drop in real quick to say we recorded this episode to give
us more time to field questions for next week's plot talk, and also to give me more time to
prep for this upcoming story arc.
Now on top of that, I figured it wouldn't hurt to get some more practice in with this
whole remote recording thing before we jump back into the nitty gritty good stuff, especially
with the mishap last week with Thomas' gain controls.
Well don't worry, we fucked it up again.
This time Luke and Thomas had their audio sent crisp and clear to the zoom call, however
they accidentally recorded their tracks with their laptop microphones instead.
I have edited this session, and I believe it is quite listenable and even, dare I say,
enjoyable, but it is not up to our standards for audio quality, and so we are using this
as a learning opportunity, and we are adding another clearly overlooked but important task
to our pre-recording checklists.
Thank you, each of you, for listening and supporting this show, it means so, so much
to me.
Boy howdy, we'll get it next week I bet.
Everybody clap on four and eight.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, wonderful.
Thank you all so much for coming here today.
You're welcome.
I miss our finest of eves, here on Pretending to be People.
How's everybody doing out there?
Doing about as good as you can hope, you know?
I'm doing alright.
Luke said he was hitting negative six, so he probably needs to turn his gain down.
Uh, hold on.
Tattle.
If I'm talking normal, I'm hitting like around 18 to 12.
That's where I was last, well yeah, that's where I am now I guess.
Where's your gain turned to?
Hey, if the gain was an island, what time is your gain turned to?
About one o'clock.
If your gain was an island, which was the face of the clock.
I think you're probably good, man.
If you have a sundial.
If you have a sundial.
Now if you have a sundial, brother.
This is my character, by the way.
Oh good.
You might not be able to tell time on a foggy day.
So let's get right into this, because it's already nighttime.
The sun has been down for a minute at this point.
The premise that I sent you all.
I think we got it this time.
I hope so.
Maybe.
I'll go ahead and hit record now.
Is this recording?
Speed.
Fuck.
Um, the premise that I sent you all for tonight's recording session is as follows.
You all choose an animal you'd like to be.
Bean was a revered member of the Contention Critter Coalition.
The leader, a wise squirrel, is calling out to those who have survived by joining the
newly founded Contention Creek Critter Coalition.
They need the most highly trained, well-balanced strike team ever assembled to go on a near
suicide mission to save Bean, the most thoughtful and caring creature in the whole coalition.
And to pull off this rescue, you'll have to avoid the black goo and some humans too.
First thoughts when you read that.
And don't be mean.
Ooh, boy!
No, Zach, but what's the real scenario we're doing?
Yeah, be serious.
Oh, there's like dead kids or something?
Good.
That's bad.
Oh, their bodies are filled with maggots and shit?
No, no, I do want to-
No, actual shit.
I do want to say everybody's body is filled with actual shit.
That's where shit comes from.
Have you read the famous book, Everybody Shits?
Near suicide mission.
It better be a near suicide mission because like we talked about on the Q&A episode, if
any of these animals die, we will hold you personally responsible.
If my character dies, I will destroy the podcast.
Yeah, I quit.
I quit if any of these animals die.
On your character sheet, under equipment, does it say plot armor?
Yes.
Yeah.
You told us all that.
It says I'm a cute animal and it would fucking suck.
It would be bad podcast.
It would be bad radio if you killed a bunch of animals.
You can do anything to-
I'm going to report you to PETA right now.
What if you do, though, die?
Let's just try not to die.
I think as soon as you start thinking about how you're going to describe an animal dying
violently, you'll realize that you shouldn't be doing that on air and you will-
Well, we'll see.
We will see how my opinions of children versus animals-
Oh my gosh.
Okay, I'm changing my character.
It's a cat named Ramona.
If I were crazy, then would you still-
That's my kryptonite.
I didn't want to keep singing.
Thank you.
All right, I'm going to hit record now.
Went ahead and backspaced on this recording.
It is a brisk December 5th here in contention, made all the more bleak by the necessity
of the water.
Numbed by the frigid waters or the cutting winds, this brutally arctic reality was far
greater than the alternative.
The contention critter coalition has made their home here in Coles Creek, the survivors
rebranding themselves as the contention critter- fuck.
The contention creek critter coalition.
Now are these animals who spell adorably wrong with Ks because then the first name is fucked
No, they're Cs.
It's always Cs, Thomas.
When there's three Cs in a row, it's Cs.
All my Cs are hard, dude.
They rebranded themselves as the contention creek critter coalition for accuracy and additional
alliteration.
The contention creek critter coalition has gathered to hear an announcement from its
esteemed leader and wisest member, the old grey squirrel called Stallone.
We are in an unprecedented time.
Look around, look at what's left of us.
Tired, empty, shivering, the enemy.
And they point to both banks of Coles Creek where masses of writhing black ooze sloppily
spill back and forth, attempting to nip at any animals near to the shore, but consistently
careful enough to avoid falling into the water.
The enemy is unknown, but its effect has a lasting effect on the memory.
Few here have survived without witnessing at least one close companion consumed by this
unspeakable foe.
But I hold high hopeful hearsay, our admirable, admirable and astonishingly astute ally, the
golden retriever called Bean is still alive, though he is trapped.
His person has continued to leave him locked in isolation.
The wish should be clear to everyone now that water is life.
Who among you are brave enough to take on this task?
To liberate Bean from his prison of a pin at Hotel Motel.
I volunteer and you see an old dog named Rusty.
He's not as fast or strong as he used to be, but he's still a big, good boy.
And I think he's probably been something of like a community organizer in these trying
times.
I will go find Beans.
Who is with me?
Well, if he's in, then I'm gonna be in.
And a woodpecker comes and lands on him and raises a wing up.
What do people know about this woodpecker?
Wilson the woodpecker, just a friendly guy about the coalition, almost like a like a
pigeon because he can carry messages between the creators of the coalition and he can understand
humans so he can feed them info.
So right off the bat, Stallone is like, Rusty and Wilson.
Yes, yes, of course.
Two of our finest.
And who else?
Who is willing to join these two brave souls?
Did you say Beans?
It's Bean that we're going after?
I'm in, I'm in.
I know Beans.
He's an old friend of mine.
Oh boy.
That characterization was great, but we were getting a lot of...
So what do we know about this character?
What do the other animals know?
And what is this name?
This is Tyler, and he's a black lab.
And he recently escaped his master, and he's on the run.
I don't want to interrupt our flow, but Joe, you're breaking up like crazy.
At least for me.
I don't know what to do about that.
Yeah, as long as it's not recording that way.
Okay, so that's our second dog.
Thomas, what kind of dog were you?
I didn't catch that.
Rusty is a mutt.
He's based off a dog I used to live with.
One of my roommate's dogs that she had fostered and then adopted.
He was a sweet, big old boy named Dracula.
Excellent name for a dog.
And he was just a big gray, maybe like a shepherd lab mix.
A big gray.
A very old boy, a very sweet boy.
Inky bones, but a lot of heart.
My achy, breaky heart.
Tyler's a black lab, is that what you said?
Yep, that is correct.
And who is Tyler's owner?
I'll just say it.
It's Kerry pages from like our second episode.
Clark was tasked with finding this dog.
We thought it was fitting that Joe would play said dog.
And Justin, a coward or are you taking this for spot?
I'm taking this for a spot out of the shadows.
Yeah, I'm just like, no, I'm not playing.
I'm just going to hang out with you guys.
I'm just watching.
Kind of undermine Zach.
I just go back to Justin every 15 minutes to describe how cold the water is.
Yeah, he is an animal, but he just stays behind.
Yeah, I'm playing a character.
He's comfortable.
He's hanging out.
Uh, no, out of, out of the shadows steps, uh, a very small, but proud creature.
It's a little chipmunk.
Hey, I think y'all are going to need some leadership for this today.
I'm chip Montgomery.
Y'all know me.
Y'all know me really well.
Should have been president, but that's okay.
Some peoples ain't meant for leadership.
You may have gotten the majority vote, but I won in the electoral college.
Yeah, we know.
We know it's bullshit, but I'm here.
Cause y'all seem like you could use an old hand besides old rusty here.
My days are numbered.
Anyway, I don't think chipmunks are long for this world.
I did assume rusty might take some sort of leadership role, but he could also be more
of a spiritual, uh, counsel, uh, chip.
Montgomery has obviously seen some shit.
He's quite fat.
Now his, uh, chipmunk for his grade over time, quite elderly, but still spry and full
of sass.
You're just rusty, but a chipmunk.
Maybe.
And as the four of you joined together, um, you try to figure out what differentiates
chip from rusty as looming in the background is this ooze that just kind of like follows
you, like mirrors your movements as, as you've grouped together up front near this, uh, this
elderly gray squirrel.
And he says to you, the first thing that you must do in front of everyone is figure out
how to get out of this Creek.
The black goo is everywhere and he watches, he watches our movements and he wants us.
Does the black goo have a smell?
Like what a dog who's, okay.
Well, I think we, we gotta get water on it, right?
How would animals do that?
Let's talk like we're animals.
You could get wet and shake it all.
Yeah.
Rusty, uh, rusty rolls around in the Creek, uh, and then stands right by the bed and gives
it a big old dog shake and just flashes water everywhere.
And does the, does the goo flee from the water?
Oh, absolutely.
It does.
Then Tyler's going to follow suit.
That looks like it works.
Chip Montgomery gets a little tiny like cap off of like a little nut and fills it with
water and tries to like fireman bucket on top of chip.
What I think you should do is hop on.
I think you shouldn't tell me what I'm supposed to be doing or not doing brother.
I, um, or at the end, I'm just, I'm just a spiritual counsel.
So this is just some sage advice, but, uh, perhaps you should hop on my back.
And because, because I'm, I'm pretty old and weak, perhaps if Tyler, who is spry and I
believe very good at jumping.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Come on, come on, get on the back.
Get on my back.
Come on, get on my back.
You can use my collar as a, as a brains.
Come on.
No, no, here's, here's what's up.
You shake, you shake and clear a path.
So these old bones can take me and me and chip.
Oh, okay.
Sure.
And then you leap over the goo.
You got it.
And I do it.
I like take off.
I got my, I got my mission and I'm, I'm soaking down, wiggling out some water.
And if I can get to a point, is there a path out of this goo or is it, does it cover the
land?
I mean, is there, is there a space that this, oh yeah.
So it's just, it is formed lines near the land just far enough, like a far apart from
each other.
Like the lines, like at the, like, if you're like heading to the paint in basketball, you
got those lines.
Did that make any sense?
Am I making any sense?
So like six feet in between chunks of black goo and then past that.
Yeah, no, it's free land.
They are clearly, they want to consume, but they cannot get into the water.
Gotcha.
But an athletic dog could definitely clear the gap.
Oh, Tyler?
Are we talking about Tyler right now?
Also, Luke's just a bird, so he kind of put the screws to your whole game, Zach.
I fly over.
Yeah.
I actually had this idea in my mind when I was coming up with this, that the birds would
be like in a different group, like in a different gang that's not affected, like the privileged.
They still could be, but like Willie's just cool enough that he transcends clicks.
Yeah, I think Willie should let me ride on him because the imagery is very cool.
What is the Wilson, the woodpecker doing?
I fly over the goo and I'm like, okay, I'll be waiting over here for you guys.
Tyler's running.
If he can, if he can clear the path with one swoop, he would just run out there, shaggy,
shaggy dog it, and then there'd be a little path there that they can follow.
Otherwise he's running back and forth, getting more water on his body,
clearing a little bit more, coming back, clearing a little bit more.
Let's see if you need to be saved while you're being the hero by having you roll here.
So basically in order to fully get out of this mess, you're going to have to roll either
one of your special skills or dexterity, probably.
I've got a special skill of jumping.
He's a really good jumper.
He can leap over fences.
That's how he got out of his last yard.
Yeah.
So real quick explanation for how we're doing mechanics for this little one shot here.
We're using the six stats from Delta Green, which are somebody else, please.
There's strength, constitution, power, intelligence, dexterity, and charisma.
And I gave them the points of 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70.
Yep.
For those six, they got to put those wherever they wanted.
And then I said you guys could have two special abilities that would both be at 75%.
And I guess we'll figure out what those are as we play the game.
One of Joe's for Tyler is jumping.
So go ahead and roll, baby.
I pass a 40 on a 75.
40 on a 75 success.
So as you fully pushed through this barricade of black goo,
you can get rusty and chip up and through.
Like if this was red Rover, you know, you would have came all over past.
Jesus.
That's how that game is played.
And you broke the barricade.
You were red rocket.
Red rocket, red rocket.
I'm coming on.
And no one can stop me.
Oh boy.
We're in the Creek now.
And bounding over you've hit the main, uh, the main roadway
and contention that leads from the highway down.
You might not know this, uh, depending on how, uh, well-versed you guys are,
but you do know where hotel motel is.
As you have hung out with being a fair few times in the parking lot,
where he hosts, uh, anyone and everyone who just wants to come and chill
and have like a great time.
As long as his person remembers to leave the door unlocked for him.
So as you guys are crossing, I need, uh, let's see, how about I roll?
Um, I'm going to roll a D4 to see, uh, which one of you this affects.
And hopefully it's not Thomas.
Uh, let's see.
We'll do one is Luke.
Two is Justin.
I'm here.
I'm just grabbing my guys.
Three is Thomas.
And four is Joe.
And this D4 says.
One Wilson, the woodpecker.
It's not a good thing as the four of you.
As the four of you.
I was deciding which one of your characters is really racist.
I would never make that kind of choice for you.
First off.
I would let you dig your own grip.
It's ironic.
And then promptly knock you straight off the podcast.
Luke, uh, you've got, uh, as Wilson, the woodpecker.
Are you flying or are you, uh, how, what is your mode of transport here?
Uh, am I in the group with them?
Like we're all together now?
Yeah, you've made it past the goo and the, uh, as you guys, as you guys rush through
this line and make it through with the intense, uh, bouts of jumping and dexterity and just
really a lot of, um, a lot of flair as you guys jump through this area.
It's almost like, uh, like a horse, uh, jumping through a hoop made of fire is
essentially what everyone else sees who is in the CCCC who's in this Creek.
And they all start cheering and chanting with lots of hurrahs and yippees.
And I knew they could do it.
Um, from the animals in the.
Essentially crowd at this point, watching you guys work your magic.
Rusty waxes down while they're doing that.
I'm on the other side of the goo and I'm eating a worm that I found on the ground.
Does the goo have sentience enough that it is chasing after us now that we've broken
its ranks or does it just chill by the Creek?
Still the goo is sticking behind, which you would know as because there's just, there's
more food there, right?
Even though the water is in between them and they can't get it there, they see, it sees
more that it can consume and therefore is distracted.
And the four of you make your way to the main drag of contention.
And you know that just on the other side of this drag is hotel motel, where the dopest
of dopes Bean resides.
As you approach this business highway, Wilson, are you in the air or are you on the ground?
In the air, but I'm like, uh, like on the ground critters level, like just like a foot
above, foot above the ground.
Up above you see, no, it, it can't be it's, I mean it is a possum, but it's not just
any possum.
It looks like it's, it's your friend.
It's common.
And he is laying on his back.
This adorable, adorable little possum that Wilson has known for years and years, just
right there on the side of the road.
I land and go over to him and like pick him.
I'm like, you do this all the time.
Come on, man.
Hey, what the fuck are you doing there, buddy?
You can't just come into me with your beak all like sharp and whatnots on me.
Why are you playing dead over here?
Well, you see, there was some of the mess coming through the area and heading on down
to y'all in the water.
And it don't find me nothing to be consuming for when I be laying on the backside.
Rusty sees a possum and starts barking.
Hey, why are you just barking when you could say words at me, friend?
Tyler starts barking because Rusty's barking.
Guys, this is, this is my friend Common.
He, uh, what are you doing here?
Well, I was making my way down to the water to hang out with you guys.
Cause I heard that you joined away from the birds, people who don't like me much no more
no way anyhow.
Well, we're on our way to, we're on our way to get bean, but, uh, you can go down to the
water if you want.
Yep, I do.
That was my plan.
And now I'm leaving.
Thanks for saying hi to all of you.
Thanks for barking at me and Chip.
I know what you did.
Wait a minute.
I don't think it's safe for him to be going down there alone.
You think a possum can clear whatever amount of slime is down there?
You think that looking out for my safety is worth repayment for what you did to my brother?
Chip, what'd you do to his brother?
What'd you do to his brother?
What'd you do to his brother?
I never liked no possum no how, and that's all I'll leave it at.
Well, first of all, possum is delicious.
Okay, now I'm really bailing on out of here.
Wilson, it's good to see you.
Weird crew you're running with these days.
Well, I heard Bean was in trouble, so I came down.
The birds are not too concerned with it, so I'm trying this group out to go get them.
You're a good man, Willie.
Could never trust no possum to be brave when it mattered none.
Ouch, that hurt my feelings.
I better go now before you seem to cry.
Back at Critter College, we called him O-Pussy.
He's a better man now that he's not in college anymore.
Well, see you later.
Bye, this has been a good encounter that definitely helped everyone a lot.
And as you guys pass over the road, you make it to the other side.
Did Colin have something to offer us?
Besides his next dope track?
No relation.
Was that my role on me?
That was it?
I mean, anything could have happened, but that's what happened.
So you guys make it over to the other side.
I'll go back and kill him if you want me to.
Rusty, yeah, I was like, I'd really love to eat that possum.
He's my friend, don't need him until he's actually dead.
In the distance, you see Hotel Motel with its dimly kind of lit sign, and the parking lot
is not full at all, and the exterior doors of this place hold as much residue as a sink
that is owned by a 19-year-old boy, or girl for that matter.
19-year-olds just don't clean their sinks very often.
Basically, they're grody.
It's grody doors all over the external of this place.
And this is Hotel Motel, where you know that Bean is in one of these motel rooms.
We've met Bean before?
Oh yeah, he's the dopest golden retriever this side of the Mississippi, baby.
All rest he can't see so well no more, but he can still hear,
and he can still smell like a son of a bitch, literally.
So he's gonna try to sniff out Bean.
Go ahead and roll for me, Rusty.
83.
There's too much.
He's confused.
He's like, I almost smell him, but there's too much in the air.
I can't get a bean on what room he's in.
You can't get a bean on him whatsoever,
but you do hear a bit of a warble in the air that's singing along the winds,
and it's like...
Does it sound like Bean to us?
It does not sound like Bean, but it does sound like a dog.
Yeah, so besides smelling, the other thing Rusty can do is hear,
so he'd like to focus in on that sound.
13.
You hear, through this distinct warble in the air,
a rich, clear voice come through that says,
Hello there to all.
My name is Murphy, and I would like someone to let me out of this room.
Zach, do not put my fucking dog in a locked hotel room.
I do love the cameo, but if you even fictitiously harm him.
Oopsie.
By the way, I'm dead.
I'm the ghost of your dog.
I sure would like a friend in these troubling times.
Fuck you.
Fellers, you know what that means.
Contention Creek Critter, coalition don't leave no dog or aminal behind.
Namaste.
Namaste, brother.
And you guys see that to the right, there is a little office
where there's a front door with an open sign that is well lit.
Well lit.
And a different door.
There is a man who is pushing a cart with cleaning supplies and fresh towels on it.
Don't make me a janitor.
Wait, what?
If Murphy's there, I assume I'm there.
Oh sure, why not?
It's Thomas.
Thomas is a janitor.
No, you're a maid.
You've got fresh towels, baby.
I'm gonna go ahead and fly into that office, see if I can't find
ol' Keith's name on that list, see where Bean is.
And I fly towards the office thinking that the window is just open space.
What do you mean see his name?
I don't know what you mean.
What do you mean, what do you mean?
What are you talking about here?
You can only hear names.
Oh, I can read.
I went to college.
What is reading?
It's like human symbols that mean words.
You are not making one lick of sense.
Yeah, I don't follow none right here.
I'll trust you again.
Rusty and Ship roll sanity?
No, I'm just kidding.
But yeah, I fly through the window.
Doonk!
But there's some sort of force field.
What's a force field, brother?
The last thought running through your mind before you were stopped out of absolutely nowhere was,
holy shit, that's a big cat.
Am I knocked out or am I able to fly away?
So go ahead and mark one on your...
So we're doing a three check box system for damage here.
And if you take a bit of damage, that's minor damage.
That's the first box.
And if you take some more damage, that's going to be major damage.
That's the second box.
And then if you take damage a third time, you're going to have severe damage,
which is going to require a constitution rule to stay conscious.
Otherwise, you're going to have to have one of your teammates help you
in order to come back and rejoin the squad.
This mechanic that I straight up took one for one from Sam running us through that really fun
one shot right before all this quarantine broke out.
Rusty sees this happen.
The damn fool bird don't know about glass.
I've seen it happen many times in my...
He tries to multiply how many summers he's been by seven, but he can't because he's a dog.
So he just says, in my many summers, I've seen quite a few birds slam against the window.
They don't know it's only good for sticking your nose up against and linking.
So I'm on the ground, very disoriented.
What the fuck just happened?
Rusty, in an attempt to revive you, sticks his nose up against you and licks you.
Hell yeah.
Describe it deeper.
Oh, he tries to put his ruffle feathers back in place.
He's just like...
Yeah, it's a very ginger, like, hey, are you all right?
Chip gets on the ground and starts shaking him violently.
Little tiny fat chipmunk is like, wake your damn ass up, bro.
We got work to do.
I get up and I stretch my wings out and flap them off to get any of the spit off.
And then I fly up and perch on the little thing next to the window and peck it.
And you wake up the giant cat that you saw that was sitting on top of the desk
right before you ran in this window.
As you peck, it kind of slowly...
Hello there, everybody.
My name's RoPo and welcome to Hotel Moto.
You know, I know you spend more time with her, but that's not RoPo's voice.
That's very funny, Tom.
I love my sister, Ramona.
Could you get Taylor in here to do it right, please?
Taylor!
Thomas wants to hear your RoPo voice.
Taylor gets on like...
It has to be better than mine.
Hi, guys, it's RoPo.
I came to tell you that I just took the biggest shot and it was so fun.
RoPo seems weirdly high energy.
Yeah.
Have you ever seen my ass?
That's what RoPo says all the time, though.
She's right.
Every time she walks up to you and she like rubs against you and meows, she's like,
have you seen my ass?
Have you seen my ass?
I can't find it because my belly's in the way.
Boys, I will be back in two shakes.
This is what we call...
Is it a pee break?
Pee break.
Everyone leave your recording going.
I'm gonna go break as well.
Question is, which voice do I come back with?
Are you sober?
I'm not smoking.
Oh, yeah.
And I'm out of edibles right now.
But I will...
I'm also intermittent fasting and...
I didn't know you were religious.
Yeah, I am really, really deeply religious.
And I don't think it's cool to personify animals because they don't have souls.
They're not going to heaven.
Oh, God.
That's for people who love Jesus.
A dog can't love Jesus.
So THC gets stored in your fat cells for a long ass time.
Are you saying and you're not fat anymore?
No, I'm still fat.
But when I intermittent fast, I definitely feel like I've taken a mild edible during
the course of the day, which is cool because my body is getting high on its own supply.
You got that slow release.
And then the only food he's eating is more edibles.
It's not the edibles.
It's my fat.
So which voice do you guys want me to do for RoPo?
Your Santa voice?
Whatever you feel comfortable with.
I like thinking of RoPo as a weird, big, jolly cat like that.
Yeah.
Santa Claus it is.
All right.
Welcome to Ho Ho Ho Ho Hotel Motel.
Tyler starts growling at the cat.
Yeah.
Rusty sees the cat and is startled and goes woof.
Hi.
RoPo's hair doesn't stand up even a little bit.
Are you guys trying to intimidate her?
Rusty, no, no, no.
It's just a reaction.
Rusty tilts his head to the side and then when he sees the cat is no threat, his tail
starts wagging.
Tyler starts doing like the growl starts to turn into a yip kinda and then like pause
down, backs up a little, pause forward, backs up a little.
Just trying to gaze what this cat's doing.
Hello, my friends.
Rusty, what you call this stuff?
This force field, what you call it?
Oh, it's a window.
Hey, RoPo, can you turn this window off?
That's a picture of me.
I would never want to get rid of it.
Would Chip know RoPo as a veteran of the 4C?
Chip, it's been a long time, hasn't it?
It's good to see you're doing well in these trying times, RoPo.
Looks like you haven't been hard up for food none lately.
Well, I see you are living lavishly as well, my good sir.
I miss our nights together every now and then.
Chip slaps his belly a few times.
He's like, yeah, brother.
That's the Chip I knew.
Hey, Cat.
Cat, don't you know there's a goo out there?
Don't you know it can get into buildings and such?
A what?
There's a goo.
There's a black goo that wants to eat everybody,
so all the critters are meeting down at the creek.
I've not seen this black goo.
Well, keep an eye out for it.
RoPo, we need your help to find someone or maybe a couple someones.
You know any animals that would be trapped or something in these parts?
Are you talking about the dogs?
Yeah, Murphy and Bean.
Bean.
Oh, you almost...
Oh, you do know their names.
Yes, of course.
Well, I'm not much for the symbols, but I believe you'll find where they are on those charts over there.
I want to look at the charts.
Can you...
Did you go to college?
Yes.
Can you enroll?
Critter Community College.
Yeah.
He's got a critter.
What is your skill for that?
Intelligence.
I thought...
Don't you have...
You said understand human, which I think means...
I could have sworn you had a special skill that meant you could understand, like...
Yeah, I can...
I have...
It's called a little birdie told me.
What?
When I told you that you could have special skills,
you wrote down somewhere that your special skill was a little birdie told me.
Yeah, which means I can understand humans and read.
I see it needs...
I think it has to be one or the other.
It's I understand human stuff.
Willie's like, have you guys watched The Wire?
Dude, I love human stuff.
Season two?
Are you kidding me?
Don't bother with season five.
This is now dictating that it's...
That you can read and understand stuff.
Okay.
So go ahead and roll those dice, baby.
But if people try to talk to you, boy, you ain't gonna know what they're saying?
60.
Oh, congratulations.
So it very clearly says, hey, Luke, do you know what room Keith Vigna is?
If we said it, it was probably seven.
I think it was.
And then we've got Murphy is on the first floor in room three.
We got to go to room seven and three.
Do you guys know what that means?
No.
What the hell are you talking about?
RoPo, can you help guide us here to whereabouts we're supposed to search for our friends?
Not even a little bit.
I believe it's the woodpecker that knows the symbols.
I don't know what your quest is or give a fuck about you.
Any more, Chip?
I dream of you.
This is a really tight...
This is a really tight game, guys.
I can read the symbols on the doors here.
This one's seven right here.
And I fly over to room seven.
Yeah, it's up on the second floor.
And you guys go to the stairs.
I go to three first then, since it's on the first floor, probably.
Is this the one that Bien is in?
Is this where Bien is?
This one right here is Murphy's, but it's closest.
Don't you think we should get beans?
He's our mission.
He might be able to help us get this other guy.
I think we should get beans.
What about the other way around?
Maybe Murphy can help us.
Yeah, and this first dog's on the first floor.
Tyler, I'm gonna need you to pull yourself together.
These old bones don't get upstairs too well.
Tyler starts chasing his tail.
He has stopped listening.
Can Chip Montgomery pick a little tiny pebble up and throw it at Tyler?
Don't throw rocks at dogs.
Like really, I'm talking, it's a chipmunk size pebble.
Wait, like a pebble for a chipmunk or a pebble that's the size of a chipmunk?
No, the pebble for a chipmunk.
Because if that's true, Chip is so strong.
Chip only has 20 strength.
He can barely, he can't lift his own body weight up.
Okay, so as this weird squabble is happening,
where the cartoon's rocks and chips are changing size rapidly back and forth,
I need you guys to roll if you have some sort of like perception ability,
special ability that is, or intelligence.
Should we all roll then?
Hearing and smelling counts as perception, right?
It absolutely does.
I failed an intelligence check.
I failed mine.
I passed an intelligence check of 12 on 50.
Yeah, fittingly, the two dogs immediately turn and look,
and you see driving by slowly is someone who is looking at you,
and in the shotgun seat, there's an old person with a cane,
and they're shaking the cane at all of you out the window,
and they're screaming something in their weird human language,
convincing the person who's on the phone to do something.
Thomas thinks they're probably calling, trying to call animal control.
So does Rusty.
Well, Rusty just knows they're up to no good.
He's like, I think we need to get a move on.
Scatter, brothers.
Tyler has been on the run for five days now,
and he knows how to avoid humans.
He's real skittish, and he's already probably running for under the stairs, maybe.
Yeah, and I think maybe even, Tyler, you've seen this caned person before.
He's my nemesis.
Yeah, exactly.
Famed Tyler nemesis, Greargin.
Greargin?
Fuck, guys, it's Greargin.
We have to get out of here.
The old contention person.
The 300-year-old founder of contention.
Nope, they're elsewhere.
He just won't die.
Wow, spoilies.
What are you guys doing?
How are you getting into room three or seven?
Is there a window on these, like a door with a window next to it?
Yeah, they all have a window next to them.
I want to peck on the glass of the room three.
Look who knows what glass is all of a sudden.
His allies taught him.
He found out the hard way.
That's honestly, that's the most character development we've had on any of the shows so far.
All right.
Is there any kind of ventilation shafts in and out of these rooms that a small rodent
could perhaps go into?
Oh, hell yeah, dude.
Of course there are.
Luke, Wilson is tapping on the glass and the curtain slowly opens with a dark chocolate.
I'm talking 92%.
Beautiful old dog.
Long hair.
And it looks at you with these gorgeous knowing eyes.
And it says, well, hello there, my good bird friend.
I sure would like to get out of this room.
Can you turn this window off?
Zach, that's, while that's not Murphy's voice, it's close.
So, oh, thanks dude.
Cut to Chip is running on hind legs through an air vent.
I'm really out of shape, my brother.
Oh God.
John McLean in it.
Chip, are you wearing shoes?
In my mind, I pictured him wearing like a weird, like fatigues for a little fat.
He's a warfatter.
He's like he's a prepper squirrel.
He's got some sick Nike's on combat.
No little combat boots for a chipmunk.
Oh man, Justin, I don't want to criticize your role-playing decisions, but you should
have been a chipmunk.
Oh, like bald on top or like Tony Shalhoub.
Oh, yes.
All right, let's start over.
I'm going to start the recording.
It is a brisk December 5th here in contention, made all the more bleak by the-
Hey, no shit, I would like, I would start over if you guys wanted to.
No.
I think we could do this a lot tighter.
I loved every second of this.
Okay.
I think this has been really good.
It hasn't been tight, but I like it loose.
You heard me.
Say what I said.
I don't like it loose.
Say it.
Zach likes it loose.
All right, good talk everybody.
Did you see my chat to the group?
Yes.
Yep.
Okay, what's Chippy doing?
Chip is sprinting as fast as his little chubby legs can take him to try and get to Murphy.
Oh yeah, you may get to the vent that's on the other side.
Is there a little, can I, is there like a little pocket I can squeeze through in the
ventilation?
What happened?
Yeah, but it's a really wide-
No, no, no, listen to me.
It's round.
It's really wide.
But it's really wide and there's some like oil that's just like dripping from it.
It's very strange.
Wait, what are we talking about?
Are we talking about your wife?
Holy shit.
That is extremely rude, Justin.
Yeah, why would you ever say that to me?
We are not lazy enough, basically.
Did Thomas just say, I'm the devil and I'll be back?
Yeah, I think that's what this meant.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
One, two, three.
All right, let's get back to it.
My earphones just said my battery is low, so I don't know how much, I don't know what
that means.
Wait, what?
I've got these wireless.
Yeah.
Can you plug them in while you're wearing them?
The cord's like this long, but it should, it should be fine.
So let's keep going.
Some-
Body.
Morns.
Yeah.
On my Animal Crossing game, I made the town theme song All Star.
That's really cute.
Okay, so you guys are on the outside of this window and the Wilson the woodpecker just
asked to turn the glass off.
The two dogs are right behind the woodpecker and Chip the chipmunk is about to bust into
a grate that is into this room.
Chip is always about to bust.
I explained that to Murphy.
I'm like, hold on there, little fella.
Help is coming in the form of a chipmunk.
Please don't eat it.
Although you might be tempted, he is on our side and he's going to help you get out of
that room.
I'm curious, do you guys have a plan, Chip?
Do you have a plan to help him get out of the room?
A real leader takes action and then thinks about it much later.
I'm assuming since we're all animals at every door in this hotel is a lever, not a knob.
This is a hotel motel for humans.
No, it's one of those things.
It's a push.
So it's just got like a push bar.
So none of the doors lock?
No, those lock.
You just have to use an Allen wrench.
I'm going to shout at Murphy from the ventilation.
Murphy.
Yeah.
Now I'm going to come on down.
Don't eat me now.
Okay.
I just really need you to promise me that there ain't going to be no eating of old chip
tonight.
Roll intelligence.
I would never even consider it.
I pass 38 on a 40.
Oh yeah, no, he would never even consider it.
All right now.
Well, to be fair, the real Murphy would absolutely consider it.
But if you explained it to him, he would know to hold off.
That's good to know.
Chip will, however he got through the other ventilation, like, I don't know, is it from
the ceiling I'm coming or below?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
From the wall.
I have a climbing skill to, to get out safely.
Perfect.
Describe how you rappel down this hotel wall.
Well, uh, chip wants to use some of his old combat moves from the old days.
So I'd like to think he like does like a sick ass, like combat role.
Like he like slides down the wall with one hand on the wall.
So it slows him down with his little tiny, weird, creepy fingernails that rodents have.
And he goes down really slow.
And then as he lands, he does like a little combat role and like jumps up and he's like,
Oh, I love it.
Very, very flashy entrance.
He's like, now is my time.
Speaking of combat and Murphy, he has, uh, he has a hundred in all stats and he, instead
of three health boxes, he has a billion.
So, so you can't hurt him, Zach.
I think you know me better than that.
Yeah.
I think I do.
What do you think of me?
I think he would hurt my dog in a role-playing game
to elicit like a genuine emotional response from your players.
Tyler sees chip fall into the room and he goes and bumps his face into the window.
Excited.
Yeah.
Both the dogs seen the chipmunk forget it's their friend and like bark.
When Tyler bumps into the glass, uh, I'm like, Oh, that's a pretty good idea.
And I start pecking at the glass.
Oh, that's your skill.
I'm going to use my pecking skill to pack the glass.
Can you break it open?
Okay.
Luke Wilson, the woodpecker is standing on that little ledge that windows have.
And you begin slowly pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack,
pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack, pack,
and you start seeing like shards and then sparks as you're going so slowly.
So slowly through this glass, but your beak movement is so fast that these little
shards sparks of glass begin flying out.
And then finally you can smell the stale motel air on the other side.
And then the camera zooms out really fast and there's a
as a bunch of different spider web breaks on the glass.
And then it into pebbles as both dogs from the outside.
No.
As Murphy on the inside comes bounding through the glass to the outdoors being ridden by chip.
And what is chip doing on top?
He's a writing it like a Khaleesi does on the dragons where he's like holding it.
That's great.
He's up near its neck, like holding it and trying to guide it.
Rusty gives Murphy a big old lick on the face because he's a good boy.
And a lick is returned.
Tyler sniffs his ass.
Oh, how rude of me.
Rusty sniffs his ass too.
What kind of vibe do I pick up?
Would we know Murphy or is Murphy news to us?
So Murphy is just you've heard tell that there's an old wise wizard that lives in
Hotel Motel, but you've never you've never met this Murphy, but he seems to just be
here passing through or for a short time.
No one really passes through contention, but people do come and leave shortly thereafter.
Now, Murphy, we're part of something called the Contention Creek Critter Coalition,
and we're here to help all the animals we can.
And in particular one that's upstairs right now.
We got to get up there.
Murphy, have you have you smelled the other dog around here, Bean?
Oh, yes.
Up in room seven.
Can you could you guide us there?
Well, but of course.
And then you're all standing outside room seven.
Let's do it again, boys.
Come on.
Same.
Yeah.
Same game plan.
Go for it, Willy.
Holy shit.
OK, hold up.
Cut to the glass shattering as Bean, a gorgeous golden retriever, jumps through the window
with Chip on his back.
And we won.
Thanks for subscribing to the Patreon.
Is this a Patreon episode?
Oh, it's high.
Well.
Go do it anyway.
Thanks for nothing, cucks.
Subscribe to the Patreon.
Oh, boy.
We got to get you back to safety, Bean.
Wait, did that actually happen, though?
Oh, hell yeah.
Give us a.
Hey, Luke, what is Bean sound like?
Yeah.
What should I do?
Oh, he's like.
Remember, you have the opportunity to describe a voice that Zach has to do.
Do not waste.
He sounds like Captain Peanut Butter.
Mr. Peanut Butter?
No, Captain Peanut Butter.
The like Lumberjack.
Mr. Peanut Butter.
It's Mr. Peanut Butter's brother.
Mr. Peanut Butter's brother.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
BoJack Horseman, y'all.
All right.
Just do an excited Labrador voice then.
So exactly Joe's voice.
Do a different dog's voice for this dog.
Does someone fart?
What was that?
Was that Luke?
What did you fart?
I think it was my chair.
As soon as that sound happens, Luke, you coincidentally made a face like you farted
and you knew it and you're a real squeaker.
My headphones keep telling me I got low battery, so I was like.
Luke, what is Bean sound like?
Okay, he sounds like Woody from Toy Story.
He sounds like Woody the Woodpecker.
I'm Bean.
There you go.
Since Bean's dad is a cop, he's like a rebellious teenager.
Okay.
Yeah, that's good.
Thanks for saving me, guys.
But I was fine in there alone.
How long have you been in there?
How long have you been in there?
Also, keep in mind, everyone loves this guy.
I thought Bean was the smartest voice.
Most compassionate and caring.
What's up, fuck sticks?
I'm so fucking smart.
Hey, pussies, is your mom hot too?
Jesus.
Do you guys want to sniff my butt?
If you'll let us.
Yeah, hop on back here.
Got you, dude.
Ah, shit.
Rusty.
Did you guys see Rusty get a rusty eye?
Oh, shit.
Rusty is unbelievably honored that you would gift him with that extra smell.
Dude, hell yeah, man.
You got my stink on you now.
Do you love it?
I do.
That would.
Do you fucking love it?
Let's get out of here, bro.
That's one of the finest ass smells I've ever smelled.
Oh, hell yeah.
Thanks, Luke, for doing this to me.
How long have you been trapped in here?
Oh, God.
This piece of shit, man.
I don't even know.
He's my bro-lo for ro-lo, but I don't even know-lo.
How are you surviving in there all alone?
Honestly, just jacking it nonstop.
Just little red riding head lipstick in this motherfucker.
Jack links.
There's a bunch of jerky in there.
Oh, just rocking my jerky.
I hate this character.
I hate this character.
Yeah, let's put him back.
Let's not rescue this guy.
Yeah.
Hey, Luke, what does Bean sound like?
Like a little tiny girl.
Thanks for saving me, guys.
As you bust through, and the glass just pebbles down and cascades,
and you're all standing there in a line from, like, tallest in the middle,
and then, like, well-crafted shot design all the way through,
and you're all standing in a line sideways, it's beautiful,
and the glass just, like, shatters at your feet into pebbles,
and then you see, like, in the foreground,
the animal control van pulls up, and it is game time.
Oh shit, the fuzz!
The fuzz is here, but we can take him?
Chip starts punching his little tiny fist into his little tiny hand over and over again.
Make him surfer god instead of little girl.
No time to sniff butts.
We've got the man to take on.
It's time to...
To roll initiative, doggy style.
Yes, a hundred percent that.
Lettuce, tomato, roll your dice on dexterity.
It's a deck structure.
That's my worst.
I got a 47 on a 60.
I failed.
17 on a 20.
I passed with a 38 on a 70.
The animal control folk rolled a 66 on a 60.
So you will all get to go first.
So you guys can decide as a group.
Yes, absolutely.
Literally, it's...
God, who should it be?
It should be a pair of doofuses.
Well, I imagine it's just Ron and Hugo from...
Oh, that's better.
Except Rip Harris.
Yeah, it'll be an honor.
No, they're both Sewage Joe.
Who's that?
Sewage Joe?
From Parks and Rec?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, the perverted guy.
Yeah.
One of them and then the surgeon on scrubs with the do-rag.
Oh, the Todd.
The Todd.
Hell yeah, it's the Todd.
And Sewage Joe.
Fantastic.
And both in dark blue jumpsuits.
Oh yeah, I like that.
And they both have taser guns.
No, not guns, prods.
Oh no.
And they're just coming from Murphy.
No, they're just coming from Murphy.
Sacrifices themselves so that we may go...
I quit the podcast forever.
I love you, Luke.
I love you, Justin.
I love you, Joe.
Fuck you, Zach.
It's just that it's 2020.
It's gotten me all shook up.
I'm gonna go hug my dog.
Okay, it's game time.
When they pull up, I look at the other guys.
I'm like, they cut down my favorite tree just because I was pecking on it in the park.
Fuck these guys.
Yeah, these guys are bad news.
They've been looking for me for days and I've been out running them,
but I don't know how we're gonna get out of this, guys.
They're right there.
It don't take much to get old Chip all riled up for action.
First of all, Willie, you know, I don't know much about human bureaucracy,
but it seems like that must have been unrelated.
I don't know if that's within the purview of animal control.
I'm learning a lot of new words today.
Bureaucracy, window, glass.
It's a big old world.
All I know is I've got it out for these fuckers and I take off and I fly towards them
and I take a shit aiming for Todd's eye.
Yes, dive bomb.
Okay, yeah, we'll just do all of these as contested rules, I suppose.
And if you hit the same person twice in a round,
then they'll be at a disadvantage for that second and whatever role.
He's gonna try to high-five it out of the way.
You're gonna roll Dexterity or Intelligence, whichever one is higher,
unless you have a special skill that would help more in a shitty situation.
Oh shit, my headphones just died.
Well, Luke, time to find some more headphones to put on.
In the meantime, I'd be interested to see what he rolled
because I rolled a 49 on the Todd's ability to high-five.
Probably pretty high.
Okay, so I'm gonna roll Dexterity.
Is that what he said?
Yeah, or Intelligence, whichever one's higher.
I already told them what I rolled.
I got a 51 on a 60.
Nice.
What did you get?
Dude, you got a 49, you fucking...
You barely beat the contestant.
That's so good.
As the Todd goes to high-five the stream of shit, it goes right...
It literally curves around his hand like James McAvoy shooting a bullet,
and it hits the Todd square in the eye, disabling him for the entire round.
Rusty barks in approval.
Did you guys see that shit?
He sure did.
God.
I don't get it.
The rest of you can decide on an idea where you could help each other do something,
or basically you have the entire round yourselves before there's a reaction from Sewage Joe.
Listen, y'all.
We've got four dogs and a chipmunk, and they're just two stupid humans.
I think if we work together, we can herd these fuckers.
We can round them up and take care of business.
Rusty, you think you could throw me on one of them son of a bitching guys?
No, I'm a dog.
I don't have opposable thumbs.
Now I'm talking like using that big old mouth of yours, wiggling me around, tossing me up on them.
Then I can do some good work up close.
I'm afraid if I get you in my mouth, the temptation to just chomp down will be too high.
Tyler runs over and does it.
Oh shit.
He just flings you with his head real quick in one swift motion.
I want to be flipped at the guy who has shit in his eyes and face,
so that he doesn't see the beat down that's coming to him.
Yeah, so he's got disadvantage, like a lot of it.
No, he's like fully disabled.
Okay, I want to describe something terrible for you.
Do you?
I really do.
Do you want a mass walk out of your podcast when you fuck with these adorable animals?
Choose your words carefully, motherfucker.
I always try not to say um or like, but I still do sometimes.
It's okay.
Um, like is it?
As Chip is being flung at the Todd,
who has his eyes covered in the fecal matter of Wilson the woodpecker.
It's getting in his mouth because it's open because he's screaming about it
and it's dripping down into his mouth and it's all over his tongue.
Like he just licked ice cream, but it wasn't his bird shit.
And he's like, no, no, you hit him square in the jaw.
And at the exact same time, you see a masked bandit
who has snuck out of its cage in the back of the animal control truck
and is hitting the Todd on the opposite side of the head in the opposite direction
at the exact same time as you're hitting his chin.
And the two of you chip the chipmunk and Rocky the raccoon just snap the Todd's neck.
As his shoulders hit the ground, so does the back of his head.
Front of his shoulders, the back of his head.
So facing up is his back and a face that's covered in Wilson the woodpecker shit.
William.
It's Wilson.
It's Willie.
Is it Wilson?
I thought it was Willie.
You didn't call me Willie.
I have been.
It fits.
Seeing that, Rusty gets into an aggressive stance and it starts growling at Sewage Joe.
And I just want to try to intimidate him.
We just killed your motherfucking co-worker.
Why don't you step the fuck off, idiot?
We'll roll power against power.
Now I'm going to say Sewage Joe has a mental power of 30 because he's a flatter thing.
Rusty is not super physically gifted.
He's got a 20 decks and a 30 strength, but he has a 70 power.
So unless I fuck up the roll.
No, fuck.
I rolled a 75.
That's over, right?
I rolled a 13.
There was so much opportunity.
I thought that you critically failed based on your reaction.
I just thought there was like, yeah, you were going to win.
It's good.
I like that amount of commitment.
That's just my face, man.
I like your face.
Thanks, baby.
So I want you to tell me what is going through the mind of this Sewage Joe.
When he looks into the eyes of Rusty.
So as soon as Joe sees his best friend in the world, the Todd, shit on and like that
like freaks him out.
But then he sees his fucking neck get snapped by a chipmunk and a raccoon.
And then Rusty in the lead, Bean and Murphy flanking him.
Maybe Tyler's chasing his tail in the background.
But these dogs with their hackles up are like slowly advancing on him.
And you see the wolf in them.
They're a pack of predators and they're just staring him down and growling.
And he knows he needs to get the fuck out of there.
It convinces Sewage Joe to drive you all back to the creek.
Isn't it just right there?
That would take longer.
Rusty like locks eyes with him, growls and then points his snout at all the cages like
in the back.
And he intimates that he needs to free the other animals as well.
Oh, yes, no, I will be just one moment.
I will do that.
If he takes his time out here, I will head in there and I will take care of it.
And then I will be right back.
You started out French.
No, I have never been French.
I have only been what I am, which is Rocky the raccoon.
And I will easily take everyone and get them out of there if you just have him stand there
real quick.
Yes, of course.
And so he, this little raccoon runs into the back of the animal control van.
And soon there's a parade of animals, three long.
It's the raccoon that just went in there, a fox, a little red fox.
And there is a goat.
Fox and a goat and a raccoon, but that's too many character voices to do.
So we're going to get you guys back onto the Creek.
And so can I, can Wilson do something else to enact his revenge?
One bit of revenge from Wilson.
Wait.
Yeah.
Cause they cut my tree down.
Oh, well, one of them's dead.
Or yeah, you helped to kill like in terms of eye for an eye.
I want to, can I land on his head?
If you go for revenge, I will kill you.
Why?
You are one woodpecker against a grown human.
I want to pick his eyeballs.
Who just saw that woodpecker and a raccoon kill his best friend and a chipmunk.
But I'm not sewage Joe.
You're a sewage Joe.
Gloves off.
He'll try, but Rusty sees you like staring down at him and he's like, I just wanted to
reiterate that animal control has nothing to do with cutting down trees in the park.
I really think those were different people.
Maybe the utility company, or perhaps even just a local, you know, tree service.
Uh, that tree might've been rotted, might've been about to fall.
I just don't think this is the guy who cut down.
Wilson, I know your hatred for humans runs deep, but you're, you're, you're, you're taking
it too far, man.
We're, we got a mission to complete here.
We're not saying he don't deserve to die, but Wilson is blinded by rage and brushes
off the comments.
Go for it, baby.
I want to land on his head and peck his eyeballs out.
He's already in the, he's in the, he's in the van.
I swooped through the open window.
It wasn't open and you smack into it and you're a killer.
I only have one box check.
Yes.
Okay.
Take your second damage, you motherfucker, because you definitely just flew.
Wait, roll intelligence for the sake of playing.
21 on a 20.
He knows what class is now.
21 on a 20.
That makes me so happy.
That is so perfect.
You slam into the glass of the animal control van and he looks out and you guys make direct
eye contact as he's driving away.
And let me tell you something Wilson, he looks scared.
Good job.
Can I at least crack his window to make his day inconvenient other than his dead friend?
Other than his partner dying and all the animals is hanging.
His best friend died and he was bad at his job.
The only two things that exist in this man's life.
I'll take it.
Oh, my window's cracked.
This is a bigger inconvenience than my partner.
What a day.
But do please roll strength for cracking that window.
44 on a 70.
Critically succeeding.
Yep.
I'm content.
You crack it so hard that it can't roll down.
You fucking showed him, dude.
Okay, let's get back to the creek, I guess.
As the van speeds away, Tyler's gonna give chase for the tire for a second.
And then when it gets fast enough that he can't keep up, he comes back to join the group.
When you join the group, Rusty, Bean, and Murphy all sniff your butt in my group hills.
Oh, thanks.
Thanks, fellas.
I'm picturing just like a made pole dance of y'all just going around the circle,
conga line butt sniffing.
Oh, yeah.
Rusty says to the chipmunk and the woodpecker, you guys want to get in on this?
No.
Chip stands back with his arms folded, but a little wry smile goes across his face.
He's like proud of his journey, doesn't he?
I go and perch on the goats and horns and what's up, kid?
Can this goat be for hand pressure?
Well, of course.
Hey, well, we're attracted to that goat lady.
I don't think it's good.
We ought to get back to the safety of the creek.
Yeah, Beans, we got you, Beans.
The squirrel, he sent us and we're supposed to bring it back to the creek.
This actually, this seemed like a really good just like last shot of y'all celebrating in
the parking lot.
So I think let's just hang it out there.
Freeze frame.
Freeze frame, credits roll.
All right.
I think we should start recording.
Yeah.
Now that we've rehearsed it.
That was a really good dry run.
What are warmups for?
While the credits are rolling, it has a shot of Wilson, the woodpecker, and it says Wilson
found a new favorite tree and never left it because he's deathly afraid that there are
windows in the sky now.
It's really sad.
He's content.
Are we going back to the creek or is this?
No, what's your freeze frame, Justin?
Pass for now.
Not an option.
I'll do some minor characters in between your guys's big ones.
And obviously Murphy will be the last.
Murphy dies immediately.
Yes, be careful, motherfucker.
Oh, right off the bat, we've got the very first one.
We've got Stallone, the old gray squirrel.
And it says Stallone carried his torch well, but not for long as he was gotten on the very
next run, laying down his life for others on a run to get nuts.
It was Stallone, which one?
Yep.
See, that's why he was first.
He was the squirrel that was the head of the contention Creek critter coalition.
Making way for a new leader.
Just a little foreshadowing.
Chip Montgomery.
Can chip Montgomery be the leader or does his beans going to be a chipmunk?
He talks about how he wanted to be a leader, but people didn't believe in him.
And now he, after the successful mission, he's...
I'm sorry.
You're, you're questioning whether a chipmunk can be a leader after a squirrel.
Well, squirrel is one thing.
Wow.
But a chipmunk?
Thomas, do you have a good one?
Yeah, Rusty ate chocolate and died.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
God, who is the next smallest?
Oh, uh, Common.
Common died, uh, on the side of the road, dot, dot, dot.
Or did he?
You know, something of that nature.
And then, uh, the dead possum picture up on the screen winks at you with a little star
that goes...
Oh, I'm glad Common's okay.
Even though I hate him and all his family.
Uh, and then RoPo is still just, uh, sitting like the picture of her is sitting on the
desk and then it says, uh, RoPo found out what the black goo was the hard way.
No.
The freeze frame on Tyler is him kind of veering away from the group.
And, uh, he got distracted and saw a snake in the grass and started following it.
And you guys haven't heard from him since.
I don't like that.
Maybe he'll turn up at a dirty dog grooming in the city.
There's a picture of Rocky the raccoon, uh, sniffing the butt of Rusty.
Rocky made a, made a good friend and then had to tragically watch him die slowly from
chocolate poisoning.
Did Rocky give it to him?
Oh my God.
Shared it with him unknowing.
I don't think animals know what they can't eat because then they wouldn't eat it.
What is Chip's?
Chip would continue fighting to be the leader of the Contention Creek Critter Coalition
despite his age, but no one would accept him because he's an old fat asshole.
And then there's a picture of Murphy and it says Murphy was immediately elected the new
leader of the Contention.
Thomas's eyes just lit up so big.
The Contention Creek Critter Coalition and remains leader fighting off
the chipmunk to this day.
That was the end.
Did you guys like that?
I don't know if we did a good job.
I know I did a good job and that's all I care about.
That's the only thing in my control.
I mean, we can talk more later about Thomas's job.
No, it was fun.
I like you guys.
Yeah, I had fun.
You're great too, man.
I'm going to start the recording now.
The only one trying to pull over.
How can you have enough drowning out of the noise.
With nobody home.
Nobody home.
Nobody home.
