Well, well, well. It's one episode after the nice episode. Time to get more somber, I guess.
Psych! It's always 69 o'clock here at 694.2 PTPB, my babies. Now, it may be episode 70,
but when you're with me, Wolf the Dog, it always feel like some kinda 69 could happen
at any time. You can feel that extra nice energy still lingering in the air. Very nice.
I wonder if y'all can feel it 26 years in the past. But let's jump to the present, even
though you're listening in the past. Hoo boy, this is confusing, y'all.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Atkull Underdash Saridwin, who tweeted about the
show and tagged that pretendin' pod. It's really that simple, y'all, and it makes ol'
Wolfie oh so happy. They write,
Hey guys, heard about this weird little game number called Coffee Punk. Apparently it's
about a bunch of punks on rollerblades stealing coffee from The Man. Go on over to At Neon
Dreams 8 on the Twitter and check him out. Well, I can't wait to strap on some blades
and roll roll roll away, but the only coffee I like is the kind that has been sittin' out
for way too long. The kind you microwave to heat back up, but you know it's never gonna
be the same. Something's changed inside of it. A darkness looms.
But anyway, it sounds like a damn blast. Go have fun stompin' on The Man and stealin'
all the coffee, ya punks. We make this show to feed our insatiable egos. If you've listened
this far, please reach out and tell us what you like about the show. Here at 694.2, we
thirsty. Give us some sloppy love at Pretendin' Pod on Twitter and Instagram and write a soppin'
wet review on Apple Podcasts. And you know what? We hungry too. Feed us over at patreon.com
slash pretendin' pod. You can get access to some sweet, sweet bonus content.
This shit is gettin' outta hand, but really no quicker than reality. Strap in for a mood
killer, it's time for the news. James, the executive director of Calm Comfy Campground,
got inside the dreams or memories of our four PCs. Then they were in a bit of a canoe race.
The Grimes took the lead while Jack Russell had a mental break, leaving him and Bradley
Cooper at the back of the pack. But before that concluded, the four PCs and Alan Grimes
were standing in a seemingly infinite room full of shelves filled with audio cassettes.
For some of our greener listeners here at 694.2 PTBP, an audio cassette is a physical
object made of plastic and polyester type plastic film with a magnetic coating. Most
of them hold between 46 and 120 minutes of audio. The names on these cassettes were those
of many politicians, CEOs, activists, journalists, religious figures, as well as a group consisting
of Charles Digby, Roger Fairfield, Alan Grimes, Walter Grimes, and Martin Cupertino. I'd say
it's about time for these PCs to wake the fuck up. Personally, one of my favorite things
in the morning times is dream girl with pretty sexual.
I pooped in my pants. So we got a comment on the question and answer
thread on the subreddit over at r slash pretending to be people on Reddit. And we had it up 109
days ago, but we recently got a comment that says the town only has one radio station and
it's DJ plays the same song over and over and over again. Does that contribute to the
town's low sanity? Does the station schedule include a top 40 show and is it no backbone
40 times? What is he talking about? Yeah. Wolf the dog.
He brings me a new song every day. Who is Wolf the dog?
EJV is a dope new song every time I hear him. Brand new premier.
Did you hear last week he played no backbone? That was so tight. I can't wait to see what
you're up to. As soon as I heard it, I downloaded it. Yeah. You should go to Spotify. Check
out kudzu, a band that a Wolf, the dog just discovered last week and shared with us. Well,
let's not fail to mention the dream girl actual other song. So check out dream girl. Check
out someone still loves you. Boris yells, someone's on a couple episodes and that's
that band is Primo. We got blue false and to go. Oh yeah. That was a really good, those
are the, I think those are that arc. Oh, in that thread. Uh, yeah, I think in one of
the Patrion episodes I mentioned a band that I went on tour with free at last. They're
fine. Go listen to them. I, when I saw that, I, uh, hadn't listened to them in a long time
and, uh, went to their band camp and I forgot that the album artwork is pretty dope by an
artist from Ozark, Missouri named Tim Peacock who, uh, now works for the new Yorker. Oh
shit. Yeah, that's cool. It's a funny name. Tim Peacock. I like it. Yeah, it's good. From
Guadalajara. What? He's from Guadalajara. Oh, is that in Ozark? No, that's in Mexico. Right
next to the shitty little downtown they have downtown's. Okay. It's okay. It's not a downtown.
There's a town square. There's a bank, a courthouse. Um, there is a little placard that tells about
the time that they hung the bald numbers there. Oh, well those people were bad. Okay, so we
need to do a roll off. All people aren't bad. Hey, I hope not. What if I just become evil as
soon as I shave my head? You have been getting a lot more nefarious. Hey, quick question though.
That's just cause I'm sadder. I liked my hair. Fucking judge me. I liked it too when it was
there. I just going back to the ball numbers. I ain't got no hair no more. Okay, so we need to do
a roll off and this is will matter for the game that we're playing. So you're all going to roll
off against each other against 50 and if you get under 50 pass and if you all pass, whoever rolls
lowest loses. How many rerolls do we get? Go through the rounds and if you, if you roll over
50 then whoever rolls highest overall will lose. So let's start with Thomas. We'll go around 32.
Oh, that's good. Luke. No, I'm saving my luck for me. 74. Oh, 74 Justin. 93. That's going to be
difficult. Yeah, you can do it. Get higher than a 93. It's a 49. All right. He is right on the
money. Best role and Justin had the worst role, so I'll keep that in mind moving forward for this
game. That sounds, he's just going to treat Justin a little worse. Wait, so mine was best
personally. Yeah. Well, I'm sad now. You're at the calm, comfy campgrounds. You should be,
how could you be anything? But wait, was that Justin rolling or Charlie Charles? It's a,
it was just a really great point. What is your name now again? Martin Scorsese. Martin Cupertino.
Cupertino. Okay. Cool, cool, cool. It's a really cool fake name to pair with Bradley Cooper. Are
we recording right now? I'm asking because you're getting up. I didn't know if you forgot
to precariously perched a glass right behind you. I'm going to go ahead and drink this mango orange
juice down so it doesn't spill. Where are we recording? Martin Cupertino wakes up. I need
you to roll a constitution check. Yes. Crit success. Critical success. 44 on a 55. You
feel so strange, like something within you has changed. Like Martin Cupertino is very aware of
how his engine runs. And you know, I didn't spend the last 15 years mastering Transcendental
Buddhism to not be in touch with my inner workings. But you have so much control that
you can keep down anything like strange or painful about how you feel currently. Like you feel almost
like, you know, when you're so hungry that you feel like you're going to like pass out. Yeah.
That's essentially how you feel. And you realize that your left arm is throbbing. And when you look
down, you see that you have a little bit of dried blood right in the crook of your elbow. Like I'd
been hooked up to a, like they were taking my blood. Something like that. Or an IV or something.
Yeah. Yeah. It left a little mark and you feel pretty weird. All right, Martin. Odds are you've
been drugged, but you've got your wits about you critically. I want to look around the room. Yeah,
did I wake up in my bedroom? Yeah, you did. Okay. So I mean, that's, that's all I want to know,
I guess. But I rolled 99. That's fantastic. What is this? Where am I? As you get ready,
how, what is your, what does your morning routine look like? Martin wakes up at like 4.30 AM. He
makes a smoothie. So when you go downstairs on your way to make your smoothie, did you put the
floorboard back? Yes. It is removed. You don't notice it and you kind of trip and your leg goes
into the hole. I need you to roll a D4. What? You just lose one hit point, but you like wang your
ankle to the point to where you have to, like, you can't walk quite normally. Well, that's okay. I'm
about to do my stretches. So probably work that out. Smoothie and stretches? Smoothie and stretches.
That's Martin's time. Does it feel like the right time of day for him to be waking up? It does. Okay.
Then about two minutes after he actually wakes up, his little digital watch starts beeping and he's
like, beat you again. Did this, uh, did this night of maybe not quite rest, uh, give you any? Well,
it's the last thing I remember being in the room with all the tapes. Vaguely, but it's almost like
that memory along with countless others are consistently swirling around in your head. Does
it feel more like I just woke up after my first day? Yeah. This place is weird. I want to do a
physical like inventory of myself. Okay. You said I feel weird. It looks like a needle's been in me.
Yeah. How do I feel weird? Do I feel like I've been drugged or anything? A little bit. Like,
uh, just a little hard to focus or a little out of it. Okay. So you remember how last night when
you were pulling up the floorboard and stuff, you were trying to think of how you got to calm,
comfy campground and it like tripped you out that you had no memory of even like the boat ride to
the Island or anything like that. Now you know full well that you have absolutely no memory of
getting here or even finding out about calm, comfy campground, all the memories of your friends
telling you that you needed to get help seem off in some strange way, how you found out about calm,
comfy campground. That memory itself is warped. Roll sanity. Critical success. 22. Wow. Yes. Yes.
Okay. So, uh, with that, uh, not only do you know that this is your second day at calm,
comfy campground, but you also know full well that it's not. Looks like the world's finally
catching up to the possibilities of my kind of thinking. I'll have to figure out what the,
what kind of time dilation device they've got going on here, but in my really helping
cube or something, you know, someone gets in a, an online game or really as I don't know,
I think it could be handy. You can make people work forever in a time where they're stuck.
He's hard. Is so the, the, the floorboard was open. Yeah. Was the stuff gone? Interestingly
enough, everything that you took out of the bag is still with you or where you put it,
but the bag itself is gone and everything you left in the bag is gone with it. So you
still have the cassettes and the map. I was listening to the episode and I completely
spaced the syringe that was in there. Do I feel like that's a possibility for what I
got injected with? I mean, I'd like to start looking around the corners of my room for cameras.
Okay. Yeah. Roll search 58 on a 20, even though you have this weird out of place memory of finding
out that you were being watched, you kind of think that maybe that memory is faulty because
there are no cameras in this cottage. Like turn my TV on, go for it. And flipping around and you
get normal channels. Interesting. Not as interesting as watching me presumably, but this is interesting.
I've never really watched TV. It's for weak minded individuals. There's a commercial for a
mattress place. Come on down to Leroy's mattresses. We got the finest place where you can put your
head down on a bed. Sounds about right. I click it off. Walter, you wake up and Alan is looking
right at you. And he's like, how do you feel? Roll constitution. 21 on a 60. You feel fine,
but you know something with your system is wrong. And he grabs your arm and he holds it out. And you
see on the inside of your elbow pit, there's a little mark where some dried blood is there.
And he holds out his arm as well. And he's like, what is going on? Were you down all night? I,
the last thing I remember is, uh, well, I was in a canoe with you and then we were at like a,
Oh my God. We had to put the shelves, the metal shelves. Were we at a music store or no, we were,
we were with the, the floor was made of blight. It was like that scene in the matrix. Oh my God.
What was that? Were we there? Did you have that same dream? Is there any way for me to do a
systems check on myself by rolling constitution, which you already did. So you know that something
is off, but I can't like have like a printout. No, but you do know that something, something is
strange because those memories that are part of your dreams, maybe with Alan having the same
dream, you, you, you start to realize maybe, Oh fuck, this isn't, this isn't the second day that
you've been to calm, comfy campground. It's not the second day. Something is, but linear timeline
should tell me that it should be the second day. Yeah. Roll sanity. Ought one. Holy shit. Verified.
I don't, my computer doesn't work that way, so I'm not freaked out. I am alarmed though. Yeah.
Can I do a medicine or something like for not first, maybe medicine to feel Alan's pulse and
see if his heart rate is normal and see if do like a overall check to see if the not armpit,
but elbow pit is the only thing off. Oh yeah. Yeah. You can. Oh yes. Yes. Please, please give me
up. Give me a physical and you guys can take your time. 89. Oh yeah. I had three. Yes. Yes,
of course. So Alan Grimes just begins looking high and low through this cottage. He's like,
someone must have been in here. I have an idea. And I go over to the television and start scrolling
through channels. Um, when I turn it on, is it still tuned into, um, Bradley Cooper, Martin
Cupertino? No, it is not. What is it on when I turn it on? It's on Price is Right. Okay.
But I'm on stage is a bookshelf, a TV stand with a brand new television and, um, some leather
couches. Sure. Uh, uh, lazy boys. Yeah. 37 59. And then I start scrolling through. Yeah. And as you
scroll through, you find just completely normal channels that you get like right outside the
city. But when you come back to wheel of fortune, it pops up 37 50 prices, right? Yes. Sorry. I
thought you were saying the price was right, which it was 37 59. You said, well, you would have gone
over. Yes. I hear that now. No, I said 37 59. That's that's what pops up. Cause I know I've
studied catalogs. Um, anyway, so I can't find any security footage. No, no longer here. Oh, you,
you booked for cameras about how many channels are there? Like just average. Okay. I want to do a
search role to see if there's a camera in our cabin. Yeah, for sure. A neural search pass with
a six on a 36. I think I wrote over that without erasing it. So, and I'm going to add seven. Nice.
So as you're looking around, not only do you find more than one camera, you find like four cameras,
all posted up in different rooms. You find microphones. Are they like hidden? Like,
yes. Supposed to be discreet. Yes. They are quite discreet. And you find microphones hidden in
different objects around the rooms. And you also find a shoe print that is quite small,
like muddy footprint or like dirt, something. I'm going to, and it is at the front door. When
I find those, I'm going to keep them in place as to not arouse suspicion. Sure. Go ahead and
roll stealth to see if you can like find them without, if someone was watching what they
realized. Damn. I'm rolling good today. Four on a, I assume 30. Yeah. Yeah. So you can,
Adam. Oh, hell yeah. So you can see all of those different cameras and microphones without the
cameras and microphones realizing. Okay. I'm immediately going to go over to Alan and non
verbally, like he's pointing. Sorry. This is an audio medium. I point at like where the cameras
are. Yeah. And I point at like where the microphones are. And I, you do it in a way that
is very discreet. Yeah. But to convey, yeah. So I, oh my gosh. What, what do you want per
pool? It's pretty nice outside today. Maybe we should take a walk. I think that's a very good
idea. Okay. We go outside and yeah, we get five or six steps away from the front door and I'm like,
what is, what is going on here? I have no idea. This is, this is untenable. I, how, how did you
find this place? Why? I know why we came here, but how did you find this particular place? Did
you use your AOL CD rom? Oh, hell yeah. Alan rolled some dice for sanity, failed miserably.
Oh, Oh no. Walter, Walter, the more that I go back into my mind, the more that I'm realizing,
I don't think that. Do you remember? Do you remember coming here? He's got his hands on his
head and he's looking at you with massive eyes. Do you, do you remember coming to this Island?
I, well, we would have had to get here when he showed us that the first thing I remember is that
we were just standing at the, on the Island and we walked up the, we walked up the pathway. I
assumed maybe I was shut down for the ride here. And then you woke me up when, when we got here.
Oh, I, I can't even, I saw an ad. I thought I saw an ad, but when I go back to that memory,
I, I, the ad for calm company campground, it's all swirling. It's all, it's all a part of the
same. Oh, the memory is, and you just see his head kind of hang. And it's the first time you've seen
your father without full confidence in himself. That freaks me out. Oh my God. My computer
doesn't compute. This just doesn't make much sense. I, so in the dream, well, I don't know
if it was a dream or not. If we were actually there when, when I saw Brad piece of shit's name
is Martin. When we saw him on the television, he had tapes from there. Do you think he's part of
it? I won't dismiss that idea. He might be part of it. And Jack, Jack Russell, we can't trust him
either. Can we Walter look at me and he gets very serious and he puts his hands on your shoulders.
We can't trust anyone except for each other. A little bit in the back of my mind tells me
I can't trust him either because of, you know, when he tried to sell me, but I say, right,
we can only trust each other. I spent so much time thinking about how that bad memory thing
would work out that I forgot that I'd had to role play this character more just pass that. Oh yeah.
I have to think on my feet as Roger still. Well, Roger Fairfield wakes up with the book of flora
and fauna on his chest. I need you to roll a constitution check. I pass a nine on a 70. You
feel super fucking weird. Like something is off with your body. Like you are a very particular
person. You know how you feel. Something is wrong and your arm hurts. And when you look down,
there is a little bit of dried blood, like a little mark of dried blood right in the pit of
your elbow. Interesting. Is it daytime? It's morning and you can hear Angela in the kitchen.
Do I remember things that happened? But all those memories are swirling around. Like
they feel like a dream, but they also felt so real. And with everything that's happened,
go ahead and roll sanity. I pass a 57 on a 60. You can put it out of your mind enough,
but something inside of you tells you that this is not your second day at calm, comfy campground.
Breakfast is ready. And the door pops open to the study. She's like, you slept in here all night.
I guess so. I guess I dozed off. Are you feeling okay?
Yeah. Bright and early. Ready to go. Time to work on ourselves.
Yeah. Yeah. You didn't dream about anything?
Do you really want to hear? I guess. Okay. So it was crazy. I was standing in the supermarket
and everything on the shelves was made out of styrofoam. It was so terrible. You know
how I have that thing with styrofoam? Sure.
It just pains me to no end. And I just had to go shopping for some reason. And I kept grabbing
stuff and it just made my spine hurt. Zach, I was in character. I was asking Angela.
Okay. That's my bad. I fucking hate styrofoam. Yeah, he does.
It gives me a physical negative tick. So we went out to brunch one morning
and I got a to-go box and I was carving my name into the top of it.
You're just saying that. And I thought I was killing you.
I didn't know. Maybe Thomas yelled, stop, you're killing him.
And I realized, oh shit, that's a real phobia you got.
It's so bad. It's part of the inside of me. It's been happening forever. And I did theater
in high school and a lot of high school theater sets are made using a lot of styrofoam. And one
day I was walking through the wings backstage and this massive, probably 10 by 10 foot sheet
of styrofoam was laying on the ground and people were hanging up another equally sized sheet and
they dropped it and it floated down. Oh God, just saying it. It floated down and it landed perfectly
to where it slid across the top. Oh my God.
I literally fell on the ground and just convulsed a little bit.
I don't have this phobia at all, but that kind of got me a little bit. That's a weird
sensation I can picture. God, I hate it. Fuck. I actually played in a Pathfinder game with our
friend Andy and he was running the game and it was a horror Pathfinder game. And he asked Taylor,
what would fuck me up? And she told him. And so when the really creepy thing happened in the game,
from underneath the table, he just pulled out two pieces of styrofoam and rubbed them together.
It hurt me to the point to where he apologized. Yeah, right. Shot through your spine.
But it was good. It was good GMing. Anyway, so that's my dream. It was wild. I don't even know
what it means. You didn't dream about the lake at all, did you?
No, I know it's kind of weird, but no, I kind of think the Blackwater is cool looking.
Yeah, I thought that too. I'm going to get in the shower and I'll meet you, I guess,
outside. When's the first? What do we do next? Are we meeting with somebody?
She grabs a piece of paper and she's like, yeah, we need to be at the main house next,
coming up pretty soon. So you have time to shower. It's all good.
Okay. I'll meet you outside, I guess. Roll alertness as you go to the shower.
I pass another nine on a 40. As you're still in the study before,
she turns back and goes back to the kitchen and you notice that the window in this study
was definitely closed and locked last night when you went to sleep. And it's definitely cracked
open a little bit right now. And on the windowsill, there's a hair tie with some dark brown hair.
Not Angela's hair? Not Angela's hair.
A hair tie. Okay. So Roger can discern that it's not her hair on site?
On site. Okay. I'm going to hold it up. Angela,
did you have a friend over or something? What's going on with this?
She comes back into the room and is like, what? What? I just found it over by the window.
Did somebody come in last night? And her hair is just this
flowing mane of curly hair. And she's like, well, I, as you well know, don't live my life
with my hair up. I know. I know. I like that.
No, that's weird. What? Would someone? I guess it could have been somebody who
stayed here from the last time. Oh, yeah. Last week. For sure.
I think they do this like every weekend probably. It's weird that the window, I could have sworn.
Okay. Are you okay?
Yeah. I just, I had a, I just had a rough night. I guess I should've, I shouldn't have fallen asleep
in that chair. That's probably what did it. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. And she pops back out. Cool.
Yeah. I'm going to go to a shower and meet her up front.
She's going to skip to the big house. Oh, okay.
Oh no. Not like. I thought she was going to skip.
I'm going to get drunk. It doesn't matter. No, she's just going to skip to the Lou.
Nice. My darling.
She stopped skipping and explodes.
Roll scene. You're following her and she's skipping ahead a little bit.
And as you guys are approaching the main house, there's a big like wrap around porch on this
hexagonal building in the middle that you like walked up the stairs to go through the main door
and standing up there is James wearing the same white dress shirt as yesterday.
Maybe not the same one keeping the uniform and next to him is a young girl seems to be
10, 11, 12, somewhere in there. And she's got pigtails.
And as they see Angela and Roger Fairfield walking up, the little girl gets a big smile
on her face and runs off the porch. Go ahead and roll human for me.
Fail. 67 on a 10.
You notice nothing as this little girl comes running up and she is going Anne, Anne, Anne
with a big smile on her face and runs up and tries to give Angela Fairfield a hug.
How does she react? I don't think I would stop it or anything.
Get away from my wife, child. That's my wife.
And Angela backs up and is like, Oh, hi, I'm, I'm Angela. It's what's your name? And the
girl looks up at her confused. It's like, I'm a Maggie.
Fuck you, Zach. Can I, is, uh, is, can I tell this girl and with her hair,
can I compare it to the hair tie I saw in my room? Is it probably her hair tie?
And I think it's probably hair time. Holy shit. Yeah. There's lots of people named
Maggie, I guess. Have you ever had a hit of just the mango nectar that you can get in like the
bottle? It's weird that it's called have you seen, I have gotten a hit of the mango nectar.
It's just the fruit with water in it. It's the nectar of the mango.
You heard what I said, Justin. Gross.
The nectar of the man go all over the place.
Charles Digby. You wake up staring. Who? Who me? You wake up staring at the walkie
talkie on your nightstand. Roll constitution.
That is a no, no pass. You feel fucking terrible. Yeah.
Terrible to the point to where you feel, Oh God, what? Oh, in your arm, like all over you feel
weird, but your arm specifically hurts. And when you look down at it, you see that on the inside
of your elbow, there's a little bit of dried blood and there's a slight bruise around it.
And you feel as if you may have been drugged. Oh, Oh yeah. Like a, like the syringe entrance
and you feel woozy. Oh no. I need you to roll sanity. Okay.
Uh, 19 with the pass, whether I have a 10 sand in those memories
from last night, they're still swirling around, but you can kind of push them down
enough to not dwell on them too hard. But at the same time you have this investigators sensation.
Something's awry. Not only is something awry,
but this is not your second day at calm comfy campground. Oh, what day is it? You have no idea,
but this is not normal. Those memories, they might be real. They might not be, but you don't
feel like you just arrived here. Yeah. Is the walkie talkie on? It still is on. Can I like
get a little like, hello, hello, like click into it or I can, I don't use a walkie talkie in real
life, but you just click the button and you talk into it. Yeah. Hello. Is, is anyone here? Radio
silence. Okay. So get dressed, slide that walkie talkie in my back pocket. Roll alertness.
Pass. 48 on a 70. When you went to grab the walkie talkie to use it, you realize that it's
been moved. Like it's still on your nightstand where it was, but it's not it. Maybe it's like
you sat it there when you were in bed, but when you woke up, it was just out of reach,
like on the far side and you had it on the closer side. Don't like that.
Can I roll like a search to see if anything else is a mess in here from when I went to sleep,
anything else I would notice or is that really the only go ahead and roll search. Okay.
36 70. Yes. All right. So as you're like getting ready and stuff, you realize that
the front door, you locked it last night. You're positive it's unlocked. Fuck. I'm starting to get
antsy, but also kind of like keep my cool. I'll pop open the front door and kind of like,
as soon as you open the front door, you see the bell boy is standing there with his hand up. Like
he was about to knock on the door and I'm just like, Oh, Oh, what, what crazy timing. Did you
see me coming? What's going on? Hey, hi, hi, Mr. Digby. Right. Yeah. That that's me. I just
wondering if you've seen Jack Russell, the boat man. You met him last night. Have you seen him
around this morning? Have you been, I haven't been out of my cottage since I woke up. I just
woke up just now. Oh, okay. Sorry. Oh, late riser there. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well,
uh, no big deal. Not an issue, but, uh, you know, he's not in his apartment, so, uh,
maybe just holler. Let us know when you come up. You'll be at the main house soon for another
meeting. So yeah. Yeah. If I see anything, I'll, I'll let you guys know. Okay. Thanks. I'll be on
my way. Slam the door. Like what the fuck is happening when you turn around? You hear,
we'll use that search roll and roll it over. You hear heavy breathing from underneath your feet.
Oh God. Is it wood floor? Yeah. I like kind of skip back almost like I'm like trying to
Dodge something that isn't there, but I'm like jump in the air and jump back. Is it like following me
or is it still where, where the sound was emanating from? That's where it was. Hello.
It is someone down there and I kind of like knock on the wood. Roll search again.
Ooh, a nine on a 70. Yeah. You can definitely hear that someone's down there, but they're not
responding. You can roll persuade if you want to try to like persuade them to talk to you.
Yeah. I'm going to be like, Hey, don't be afraid. I'm here. Like, cause I know something fucked
up is happening. So I might be worried that something fucked up is happening to this person.
A crit success. 44 on a 50. Can I trust you? Jack? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, as much as you can
trust anyone. I'll take it. And one of the floorboards pops up and then another one pops
up and he climbs up out of the floor beneath you. Hey, um, and he looks like absolute shit.
He's like sweating profusely and his face is pale white. Yeah. Digby. Right. Charles. Yeah.
That's that's me. You're a, what did they tell me? You were, you're some kind of investigator,
right? Yeah. Yeah. I trust you. You know what the fuck is going on? I have no idea. I have this.
I take out the walkie talk. I have this. Is that yours? What, what is some, some little
girl or something? Talk to me on here at one point last night. And then I fell asleep and I had all
these fucked up dreams. You were there. What were we doing? We were on the canoes on the water,
escaping something. I don't, I don't understand something fucked up and creepy. And then out of
nowhere, we snapped into this white led room with tapes everywhere. Oh, you've been to the tape
room. Yeah. I know your name was on all these tapes. There's hundreds of your name. That
explains a lot. My memory is shot right now. It's all split and twine with each other. It's all
coming up on its own ends and flipping around inside my brain. And then there's this and I
show him my arm with like the bruise. What looks like maybe I got my blood taken or something
drugged. He looks super happy and he holds up his arm. Oh mate. He reaches back down into the floor
and pulls out a duffel bag and rummages around through there and grabs a syringe out. And he's
like, I didn't do that to you, mate. I know I didn't, but I did do it to me. What is this?
It's an inoculation. And he keeps his voice down and then he immediately realizes
and he starts looking around at the corners of the room. Can I look too,
to see if I see like a camera placement? Yeah, roll search.
Nope. Fail. He gets really close to you and he's like, stop looking. They might be watching.
Okay. I kind of stare at my feet a little bit. Let's get, ah, fuck. We gotta,
we gotta get out of here. But I, oh shit, shit, shit. Do you mind if I hide out here?
If you feel safer here, stay here. Are you going to fucking tell me? Are you a snitch?
No, no, no, no, no. Something, something bad is happening to all of us here.
I couldn't agree more. I don't know what it is, but we, we need to find out.
Scream. The room explodes.
You're all sitting in the meeting room that you had orientation in and it is Roger Fairfield,
Angela Fairfield, Charles Digby, Mark Bradley Cooper, and,
and Walter and Alan Grimes are all sitting there and the door opens and James comes in and he's
like, Hey, um, real quick. Do you mind if I borrow you for just a moment, Angela, if you wouldn't
mind coming on out here, I need to have a word. Is everything all right? Don't worry. It'll be
fine. Uh, yeah, no, it's, uh, it's not a big deal. We just need to, Hey Angela, are you really his
wife? Real human fail. He seems fine. And the explanation that he gives is valid.
All right, have fun. Do they remember the reveal about Martin? Yep. He's going to act like they
don't. I, yeah, I kind of want to like look and kind of be like, do you guys sleep okay?
Roger perks up a little. I didn't really. Do you think maybe we all had a shared dream of some
kind last night? I that's entirely possible. Walter, tell them, was it the cassette cases?
Was it the canoes as well? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I also had those dreams. Do you guys have,
and he like reaches out his arms. So does Roger injected. Would your wife with you? I asked if
she had any weird dreams and she did, but they weren't ours. Did you look at her arm?
You dumb son of a bitch. I didn't, I didn't need to look at her arm because
I saw yesterday. What do you mean? What do you mean? She already, she already had a mark on her
arm yesterday. I hadn't seen it before. I asked her about it. She told me it was, she and I,
we travel overseas often. We have to get vaccinations. She told me it was a reaction
to a vaccination, but I didn't have that reaction. Did she have it? Are you saying before you got to
the campground? I mean, I noticed it when we got here. Yeah. That's weird. Do you guys all remember
that I'm a billionaire? We knew, we knew that you were a villain. We did not know that you
were a billionaire. Now maybe you'll treat me with the proper respect. Oh shit. You can tell
by the look on Alan's face that he won't. I mean, the thought of don't forget that we,
a man like Alan thinking anything about me, that doesn't move Martin.
Even if you think that his son is a mechanical boy. Oh, I don't care what he thinks. I'm going
to steal his son and deconstruct him at my factory. Walter, Walter says, don't forget
that we can check your movements on our television. Yeah. Well, good luck with that. Is it all of us?
Is it every, every cabin? I didn't see anything on my TV. I checked this morning. I also didn't
find any cameras. I look at Alan and I, um, no, no, no, no, no, no. Listen, I've been practicing
martial arts my entire adult life. We saw you do it in your bedroom the other night. I know
I'm basically the wind. So if I want to be unseen, you're not going to see me understand.
Did any of you, well, I was going to ask if you found cameras in your cabins, but I did. I think
we know the answer. I just told you that I looked for cameras and didn't find one. I did not look
for cameras. So there could be Roger. We found cameras in our cabin. Who's got your channel?
Who's got our channel? Which one of you has our channel? Alan, I have something to tell you.
You're not actually Alan. I brought you here with me. You're a secret government project
from the late seventies. You're a clone of Donald duck and Richard Nixon.
Father is that, is that,
is that mostly I'll keep you around for my own amusement. Is that true? That would explain why
we don't remember arriving here. I'm just fucking with them. Do you guys remember arriving?
No, no, I just, I know I lost a little sanity when I thought about it in a manner of speaking.
I'm kind of like freaking out a little bit now, realizing I don't actually remember
saying for you, Roger Fairfield, who didn't realize that he didn't know how we got here.
Of course I know how we got here. We came up the
fail. Oh, you got a 97. I got a 94 dice. The two of you know innately inside of you that
you have absolutely no memory of being on your way here or even a boat ride to get to this island.
You have no fucking clue how you got here. Do we lose sanity? Good question.
Shut the fuck up, man. Dude, don't fucking tell him who's dead.
Listen guys, this might not be great news necessarily from your perspectives, but I think,
I think something to keep in mind, we saw the names of a lot of famous people on those tapes,
people who've gone out into the world and done things presumably after they've been here.
So, you know, just try to keep your head on straight and hopefully we'll get out of this.
Why did you guys come here? To work on my shit.
Yeah. It was that.
It was Angela's idea. She thought it would be good for our marriage.
Do you remember when she posed the idea to you to come here?
Yeah. I mean, we, we had a fight. She said that this would help us.
That memory begins swirling around and it feels just as distant and confusing
as being in the canoes or being in the room with all the shelves.
Wow. You, huh, seem to start becoming pale. What is happening?
It looks like you have like an eyelash in your eye.
Quick, put a spoon in his mouth.
You're not supposed to do that anymore.
I thought it was a wallet.
I put a wallet.
Well, most people have a wallet. Not many people have spoons.
Not in general, just on them traditionally.
Bradley Cooper's wallet wouldn't fit inside of someone's because you're a villionaire.
Oh my God.
Billionaire. Say it.
Billionaire.
That's right.
Yeah.
I show you my slim wallet. All cards.
I look over at Roger. Do you think your wife has left you here to escape or should we try to
escape?
That's, that's a good point. Uh, Oh God, James, James is probably in on whatever this is that's
happening to us. And she's alone with him right now. Roger's going to stand up and start walking
to the door.
Roger, wait, wait.
Hold on. We need to think.
Your wife.
Those tapes.
She wasn't with us.
They didn't, they didn't get, get, they didn't get to her.
Do you remember your life with Angela before coming here?
Sure. Of course.
Roll sanity.
Quit asking Jovia remembers things.
We just sit in this room for the next 20 minutes, getting Joe down to zero.
I pass.
And do you love her and is she?
And what is actually, how'd you guys meet?
What's your middle name?
Okay. So you're a human. Like you are dead.
Yeah. I passed my sanity rule. So yeah. Uh, yeah, of course I remember her.
Right. When Roger gets up, I look at Alan wanting to follow after Roger, but I,
what kind of a look do I get from Alan?
Uh, wide-eyed and confused. He is still wondering if he is a Silicon Valley project created
by Bradley Cooper.
You'll never know.
I go over to, um, Alan, I reach under his chin and press up.
Oh, that's my tongue.
I think that you're okay.
I go over to the robot boy and I do the same thing.
My like Husky blue eye, blue gray eyes, black.
And I am still.
Luke, take off your headphones and plug up those ears.
I found the factory reset on this freak.
I think Rogers freaked out. What the fuck?
Don't you remember from the dream? He's a mechanical boy.
That was an idea you floated out of fucking insanity.
That's not a real thing that could happen that the boy copped to.
Hey guys, he just closes his eyes. They don't go black.
Oh, so, okay. Rewind.
Sorry. Oh, I was mistaken.
Look, he's just closing really hard. He is a little freak.
Maybe this kid's not as smart as I thought. He might not be.
I knew he wasn't a mechanical boy.
Trust me. We're working on that though.
Maybe, maybe, maybe touch his chin again.
Yeah. Turn him, turn back on.
Do it in person.
Somebody else can do that if they want it.
It's quiet.
Oh, Alan, Alan will do it. Yeah. Alan immediately.
Like after you, as you guys are having this conversation, he's like, well,
don't talk about my son. And he clicks underneath your chin.
Alan pulls his finger away from underneath your chin.
You back with us, bud?
I instinctively punch Martin.
Okay. That's going to be contested because he's some martial arts expert.
All right. Unarmed combat.
34 on a 40.
75 on a 70.
He's not expecting it from this like, from this deactivated robot boy.
So as soon as I'm back.
Roll a D4.
Yeah, that's going to be easy.
That's a four.
No, I meant to give you the other dice.
You punch him in the throat.
As soon as I do it,
as soon as I do it, I, I do it and I withdraw my hand.
And then immediately I put my hand on his shoulder and I am not supposed to do that.
I am not supposed to do that.
Yeah. You're violating your prime directive kid.
I am so sorry. And I get your fucking hand off me.
Hey.
This is real life.
No matter how high you look on me, I think that you could fall.
I knew I'd make you believe.
I'd leave you all without me.
Well, oh well, how you doin'?
Now I think you could follow me.
Cornered, room in at least right.
Cornered, room in at least right.
Cornered, room in at least right.
Cornered, room in at least right.
