Hello, my friends.
It's your pizza delivery driver, Wolf the Dog.
And I'm here to deliver you a box
of hot, fresh, contention news pizza
in 30 minutes or less, or you get your money back.
And y'all know we are delivering
that steamy, gooey, cheesy news
straight from 694.2 PTBP.
Wolf the Dog's favorite kind of pizza
is mayonnaise pizza with anchovies on it.
I like my pizza to have some extra stink on it,
my babies.
Now, before y'all burn the roof of your mouth
on that hot delivery, we got an announcement.
This week, Wolf is here to tell y'all
that we are going to have a special presentation
in a few weeks here on 694.2 PTBP,
contention's newest and only radio station.
We are going to broadcast a recap episode
with listener Q&A from a podcast
called Pretending to be People.
If you have questions for any of the fine people
on that show, send them to at Pretending Pod
on Twitter or Instagram, or post them
on our Facebook page or the subreddit,
or email them to pretendingpod at gmail.com,
or go all out.
Record audio of you asking your questions
and send them that so they can use it
in the episode, my babies.
Speaking of questions, I want answers.
It's time for the news.
Officer Keith Vigna convinced a woman
to murder Ferguson, his handsome and well-dressed brother.
He then murdered that woman and stole the watch
that was passed down from William Beanes
off of Fergie's corpse.
Currently, Keith is in bed at Hotel Motel.
Call him Ferguson, call him the Duke.
Either way, he's a real motherfucker.
Currently, Officer John Lee Pettymore
and Drew Andrews are being held hostage
by the Fonzie lady who works for Marvin Glass
after she killed two of the Pettymore cousins.
I'm grieving all week with you, John P.
Officer Clark Bishop was inducted
into the Circle of Knowledge.
There, he ran into a mysterious woman from his past.
Currently, Clark is in a cab headed back
to contention from the mill on the other side of the city.
There's always something happening in contention,
and 100% of the time, it is Kudzu with no backbone.
I had a guy jump in front of my car today
and I thought I had killed him,
and in fact, I think he might have been a ghost
because I don't know how I didn't hit him.
Wait, what?
I was driving down town.
Joe killed again, but he just kept going.
That's exactly.
I was driving downtown right in front of Jimmy John's.
This guy was walking on the sidewalk,
and I don't know if he was fucking with me
or if he really was trying to commit suicide,
but he did this big, exaggerated
Oh, wow. leap in front of my car,
and I didn't adjust.
I mean, it was as if he wanted to slap my headlight.
He was that close when he jumped,
and I didn't feel a bump or anything,
and I looked in my rear-view mirror,
and he was just walking and looked at me
and just kept walking with headphones on.
I don't know what he was doing.
I think he was fucking with me,
but how I didn't hit him is still a mystery to me.
It was insane.
That's a dumb way to fuck with people.
Yeah.
My life in DJ.
I know a hilarious prank.
When I went to the movie today,
I picked the second row in the very middle
where no one else was sitting,
and then I sit down, and the waiter comes up,
and I look over,
and the woman that had come in behind me
with three very rowdy children comes and looks,
and she goes, oh, I didn't realize you were sitting here,
and sits right next to me with her three kids,
and I was like, are you fucking kidding me?
Hey, I'm your dad now, kids.
It wasn't a bunch of kids,
but that happened to me at LMO
where it was an empty theater,
and I'd got my tickets early,
and then one other guy had gotten the seat next to me.
I was like, why would you have picked that,
or why did they give you that seat?
I don't understand how this happened.
And she said something, she's like,
oh, I'm so sorry, blah, blah, blah,
and I was like, you know what?
I came to a children's movie.
I was kind of expecting kids to be here.
I was like, just didn't expect somebody
to sit right next to me,
and she goes, you look really familiar,
and it turns out I had served her at Jilardi's once,
and she added me on Facebook a long time ago,
but she can't be 30 years old, but like, yeah.
So she was talking to me,
but she was fucking talking to me the whole time,
the whole movie.
Oh, you want the movie?
Yeah, dude.
She did share her pizza and her popcorn with me though.
That's cool as fuck.
However.
She wants you to raise those kids.
No joke, she goes, you kind of look like the dad now,
and I was like, yep.
That was planned, that was a planned move.
That was an absolute planned move.
Jesus, she was going to the Alamo to get a hubby.
Yep.
And she would call you hubby too.
I'm the dad now.
She was like, I'll hit you up on Facebook
next time I want to go see a movie.
I was like, yeah, sure.
Hold on just a second.
What would have happened if you would have written on a card
and told the people who work at Alamo
that the woman sitting next to you
won't stop talking to you?
But it's just escorted her out,
and you're like studiously not making eye contact.
Just looks at it and then looks up at her and is like,
ma'am, someone in the theater.
When we do the dream sequence thing,
is that going to be solo, red solo cup?
Solo, dolo.
Would you guys like to explain how this session is
going to start, or at least what I told you
and what you had to do?
Oh, yeah.
So you asked us.
Gearing up to this session.
You asked us to ask one yes or no question about the campaign
that you would answer truthfully in the form of a dream.
Wow, that was really succinct.
But I don't remember my dream I had last night,
so you might have to do it in real life.
Can you tell us the dreams you gave us?
What?
With your minds.
Luke's joke was that you were putting dreams in our head.
Which I do.
Which is like, you do that.
Yeah, you do pop up in my dreams a lot.
That makes sense.
Theoretically.
Oh, that makes sense.
Oh.
That makes sense.
Oh.
I'm coming.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, I'm coming.
Oh, boy.
You know, it's good to practice.
My panties are wet.
Same voice.
Well, with that, we'll start with Luke.
So do you remember the last thing
that happened to Keith Wigner?
I killed my brother.
Yeah, basically.
I orchestrated a plan to have my brother killed.
Yeah, and then pulled it off pretty well.
Also, yeah, I ended up, there's a little collateral damage.
Not that Keith cares, but yeah.
Jesus.
What was her name, Joan?
Joan.
Joan and Fergie are both.
Joan Robin.
And the last thing I believe that you did
was you made it back to Hotel Motel
and you put the watch that Ferguson had been wearing
within the handkerchief into your hotel safe.
Yes.
The motel's safe.
And your room, and then you went to sleep.
Keith Wigner, you are standing at a bar.
It is empty, except for yourself and the bartender.
The place smells like piss and vomit.
It looks like people left in a hurry.
The man behind the bar, he's like wearing clothes
that they look like they're from the Gilded Age,
you know, late 1800s.
He looks at you with a fearful smile.
What can I get you, sir?
Answers?
Cocaine?
The prior, what's that, what do you say?
The previous one, the first one.
Not the latter.
As soon as you.
I got enough of that.
As soon as you stumble over all of those words,
the saloon-style doors of this wooden floor joint
fling open as a woman that you recognize
struts toward your side, carrying with her a massive trunk.
She heaves it onto the bar and opens it up,
revealing a few familiar items.
The camera, the gun, and the radio
are sitting there in the trunk.
The camera's light is red, as is the light on the gun,
but the light on the radio is green,
and you hear yourself say,
well, fuck, Mary, the camera won't be ready until one,
and you know these other two take a few days.
What if they came for me?
What if they come for me?
Immediately, she's gone, and Lloyd, the barkeep,
pulls a corkscrew out of his pocket and holds it out,
and holds it on the bar in front of you, pointy-side up.
Abruptly, he slams his fucking head into the corkscrew
and stares at you as he begins twisting the corkscrew,
little bits of cocaine falling out of the hole in his head.
You look down, and the coke has fallen into perfect lines,
forming a little stick figure family of uppers.
You pull out a $100 bill that has Abraham Lincoln on it,
and you roll it up real tight.
As you inhale the powder bumper sticker family,
Lloyd steps backward, phasing through the wall of the bar,
and disappearing from sight completely.
You are pulling into the police department parking lot
in your police cruiser, and you have that weird feeling,
like you were on autopilot the whole drive.
You were just remembering your dream from last night.
That's not the only thing on your mind, though.
You see yourself grabbing the revolver with your handkerchief,
putting it in her hands, and pulling the trigger.
You see the flash.
You see her blood spill out onto the duvet cover.
You're parked in the contention police department parking lot.
Damn.
John Lee.
The ground is hard, wet, and cold.
You are rolling across it with relative ease,
avoiding the sight of the older man in the fancy suit
mopping the floor and singing mouth trumpet,
along with Louis Armstrong.
Looking up out the window,
you notice it is dark and stormy outside.
The door that reads open from your side swings in,
and the bell atop the door rings,
queuing the owner of this establishment
to stop his portable music player and holler,
We're closed for the night, bud.
You look up to the figure standing in the doorway,
their black cloak shielding their identity,
just as they drop a massive book on the ground
and stumble back out into the night.
Your vision blurs and distorts, disorienting you,
and it feels like the world is upside down.
You look around, and you are sitting on the floor
in the back of clinkers.
The sound of some children's television program
being blared over pool balls and drunken conversation
is immediately nostalgic.
A young Gary Daley, an oversized sweater
and tall white socks,
walks in and pulls a large leather book out of his bag.
He looks over his shoulder as he opens the book,
and he winces as he rips a page from the big old tome.
He pauses, listens, quickly puts the book back in his bag
as he moves directly toward you with his torn sheet in hand.
Pulling out a knife, Gary Daley begins chanting,
reading from this paper.
The script seems to catch little sparks
as he mutters each phrase like a karaoke situation,
but with paper and fire.
He continues to chant as he presses the blade of the knife
against his thumb, the elasticity of his skin
gaining more and more tension
until finally breaking under enough pressure
and releasing the blood necessary to complete this spell.
Gary Daley clenches his fist and holds it above your head,
letting a few drops fall onto your bald baby head.
The sparks ignite what remains of the paper
and the flames begin to float and dance in the air.
These tiny bits of flame do a little synchronized jig
around your head, bathing your body in warm light.
The flames disappear and Gary quickly grabs a rag
and washes the blood off of your baby head
while he talks to himself.
Grandpa, you kooky old wizard.
I hope this does him good.
Well, two down, one to go.
Hey, hey John, what are you thinking about?
You realize you have pulled into the parking lot
of the contention police department
in Drew's cherry red Mini Cooper with black stripes.
A terrified Drew Andrews is sitting silently next to you.
A woman who fashions herself
to look like Arthur Herbert Fonzarelli
from the 1970s television program Happy Days
is sitting in the back seat holding both of your guns.
Now she still has the guns.
Every move you make, every bond you break,
every step you take, I'll be watching you.
I'll be watching you.
Oh, right.
Joe, you remember the last thing
that happened to Clark Bishop?
Kinda.
I think you kinda blacked out in an odd place
and came to for a second in a taxi.
Oh, you mean at the end, yeah, yeah.
And you turned back and you were leaving the middle.
Which is probably just a Quinkadink.
Can't mean anything.
Nope.
You realize how close you are and so you begin to run.
You do not stop, you do not slow, you run.
It is imperative that you get there, that you stop them.
Fuck, you're on the highway, you dodge the traffic,
you can make it, you jump off the bridge.
There's no way you're going to hit the water,
you brace for impact.
You've seen a lot of fucked up shit
but you can't remember a time when your shin bone
was shooting through your kneecap.
Fuck, your pain tolerance is incredible.
You keep running.
It doesn't really look like running anymore
but you fight through the awkwardness.
The blood loss is massive.
Then you see it, your old nemesis, your old buddy old pal.
You remember why these animals are filling the creeks.
You get the fuck in the creek too.
Blood is trailing behind
and the pain in your knee is searing.
Your favorite black mass is following you
along the shoreline and that's when you see it.
You're just there in the window.
Think fuck what happened stance.
You keep hobbling down the creek
trying to outpace your enemies before you're gone.
At the closest point to your backyard,
you muster everything in your reserves
and leap out of the creek,
waving your arms violently and shouting.
You desperately attempt to get your attention.
Run, run, get the fuck out of there.
You can get it right this time.
You wake up in the back of the cab
as it makes a sharp turn and hits a curb.
Looking out the window, you see that you have just arrived
at the contention police department.
Yeah, like a horse walks into a bar, yeah.
Except it was not, he wasn't there for drinks.
He was there for a fight.
I was trying to think what I would do in that situation.
You yell, why the long face?
You get out of the way.
Yeah, it's a horsey run.
No, that's what I mean though,
is the video, it's a really skinny room.
No, yeah, it's a narrow, all along this long bar.
One of the guys looks like he's about
to get kicked in the face.
I know, he looks resigned to it.
He's like, I'm not gonna be able to outrun it,
and I'm not gonna be able to get across its path.
Is it jumping and stuff?
Yeah, it's freakin' like,
yeah, it's saddle broke or something,
and it's freaking the fuck out.
Oh, like a horse would in a restaurant?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, just kind of like that.
It looks like a bucking Bronco
going one way through this restaurant
and then coming back the other way
as people just fucking scatter.
It made everyone a rodeo clown that day.
It was kicking tables and chairs and shit.
You could have had collateral damage either.
It was kicking that shit so hard.
It was like a cartoon flinging a chair back behind it.
This was a terrified horse.
On the news, it was like,
they interviewed the owner,
and it says, he likes to run away a lot.
This isn't surprising.
It's like, well, that's not good.
Yeah, it's not.
I brought it to this parade in the middle of town.
Your horse is in my bar.
Classic, classic Seabiscuit.
I always thought that might happen someday.
Did you at least get a cool video of it?
Well, you got to look out for those chairs that are flying
because they're flying at approximately one horsepower.
Whoa.
That was good.
That was science.
No, not boo.
No, it's just true.
Nay.
Hey.
The town of-
Hey is for horse and strength.
So close.
So close to a seamless transition.
Can I ask you an equestrian?
Oh my God.
Can we ask one more question?
No, not bound by the truth.
Yes, no restraints.
Yeah, yeah, just shoot.
Who did it?
Who did it?
He just doesn't have to tell us the truth.
Here's the goo.
Thomas's first question that he tried to send me was,
who-
No, what were the final hours of Maggie's,
Chief Maggie's life?
Nice.
I was like, reveal that to me in a dream.
Who killed her?
Tell me who killed her.
Art galore, dude.
I will say, you told us a while ago
that you might give us a chance to ask a question.
So for a while now I've been thinking about
really good heart of the issue questions
that you would have to elaborate on.
And when you gave us the yes or no right at the end there,
I was like, fuck.
Yeah, and I only gave you like 10 hours to think about it.
I think mine was pretty good.
The town of contention is draped in a thin layer of fog
on this sharp blustery not yet morning of December 5th.
There is an old Husky, a dirty shade of white,
walking slowly down the middle of the road.
The ancient dog's paw pauses mid-step
when it hears the humming of car engines approaching,
the only sound cutting through the dormant town
aside from the howling of the wind.
Through the arthritic pain pulsating through her joints,
this old Husky bounds off the street
and down an alley has three cars,
a yellow taxi cab, a cherry red Mini Cooper
with black stripes, and a contention police cruiser
pull into the contention police department parking lot.
John, do you wanna, or Thomas, do you wanna describe
what they see in the Mini Cooper?
Yeah, they see me, shit, sorry, I'm not Thomas.
I'm John Leapa anymore, oh, fuck it.
You can tell it's in Thomas.
Yeah, they see.
They see John Lee Pettymore, they see Drew driving his car,
which they would recognize as his,
and they see the Fonzie lady in the backseat.
Okay.
Does Clark have his wallet on him?
Do we all get there at the same time?
You all get there at the exact same time.
Clark, you.
Okay, so then they would also see John Lee Pettymore
like eyes super wide, like yanking his head
at the lady, like, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm.
Get a load of this.
Do I have everything on me?
You are wearing your pajamas,
and you don't have your cell phone, or your wallet,
or your gun on you.
Okay.
We're all in the parking lot.
You're all in the parking lot.
Okay, I get out of my cruiser.
I assume I am, I've got all my police uniform and everything.
Absolutely.
I get out, and I wait for them to get out.
So I say, what's her name?
You don't know yet, you've never asked her.
First of all, I say, all right,
we never got this out of the way.
First, I'm Officer John Lee Pettymore.
Yeah, I know.
What's your name?
Rosemary.
Rosemary, that's a very pretty name.
Thank you.
So check it out.
If you wanna get that gun.
Yeah, I do.
Yeah, you're gonna have to give us our guns back.
That's fine.
Just so you know, if I go missing or anything,
you're done, you're over.
You will be taken, you will be tortured.
Marvin Glass does not fuck around,
and he wants this gun, he wants it real bad,
and he's gonna get it.
Rosemary, I really hope you understand
that Marvin Glass is the least of my worries right now.
And he can send all of his goons,
but what we're dealing with is just a bit more stressful.
That's why I want you to help me.
So let's go get that gun.
All right, let's go get that gun.
Okay, my guns please though.
Okay.
All right, thank you.
And she hands your gun back to you,
and she hands the gun that you let Drew have back to him.
I take it.
Oh, okay.
Also, you guys would all notice
there's a car in the parking lot
that none of you recognize.
It is a red 2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse.
Hell yeah.
I lean up to my cabbie.
I'm a little short, I don't have my wallet on me, my man.
Is there any chance I could get this right on the house,
pay it back next time I see you?
He turns and looks at you, and he's just like.
Nope.
Well, is this the Sesame Street taxi driver?
It's Oscar.
It's already been paid for.
Oh, I was linching.
Okay, you have a good night, and I get up.
He drives off as your first foot steps out of the door.
Clark, who was that spooky cab driver?
He was just giving me a ride to the station here.
Why don't you have, why are you in your pajamas?
I was sleepwalking.
Yeah?
I must've ended up here sleepwalking.
Well, you're a great liar, Clark.
Everybody, I want y'all to meet Rosemary.
Hey.
Rosemary, this is everyone.
Hey, I remember.
I immediately get freaked out.
Hey, it's okay.
Keith, Keith, get your gun on her.
No, no, no, no, guys, hold on, hold on.
She doesn't have a, I got my guns, it's all good.
How did you?
It's okay, it's fine, we're working together,
you guys are gonna give me the gun,
and then we're all gonna be friends,
everything's gonna be fine.
Well, what's gonna happen, Rosemary,
is that we're gonna go with you to the city with the gun.
Yeah, sure, whatever, fine.
We might give Marvin the gun
if he really decides he wants it at the end of things, but.
Okay.
Yeah, I think he wants it.
When did we decide all this?
You weren't really there.
You see, she had just executed two of my cousins
for no particular reason.
They were running away.
Keith, get your gun on her.
I've got two guns on her, and she's fine.
I do have, I have my hand on my gun,
but it's still holstered.
Anyway, y'all remember, y'all remember the Glass boys?
Oh, yeah.
Jermaine and Albert, is it?
Alfred.
Alfred, one of whom disappeared,
the other one wasn't, quit babbling about that gun.
Yep.
Well, so Rosemary here and Charles Donovan,
they're in our little town, trying to find those boys,
trying to find the gun that, Alfred, which one's around?
Which one's gone, which one's around?
Alfred's still around, but I mean, not really mentally.
Yeah, he won't shut up about the gun,
so Marvin Glass, that's Alfred's daddy.
He really wants that gun.
So we're gonna go talk to him?
Well, Marvin Glass is the head of the Glass crime family,
and I think if he wants his boy back,
he has some considerable resources
we might be able to call upon
to help us fight this unholy terror
that's descended upon our town.
So I kinda made an executive decision,
and I enlisted the mob to help us.
I'm here, I'm the mob,
and we're all gonna do great together, I think.
The contention police department and the Glass crime family
are going to be wonderful business partners
from here on out.
In temporary cahoots.
And she puts her hand on Clark Bishop's shoulder.
Yeah, Clark, you cool with that?
Good, good.
Keith, you cool with that?
Sure.
I elbow her and get away from the hand.
I turn directly to John, why does Marvin want the gun?
Well, okay, see, that's what's gonna happen,
is Marvin wants the gun
because he thinks he can turn his boy back around.
We have just seen the gun disappear, people,
so I don't think it doesn't really work that way,
but I think if we all put our heads together,
we can maybe bring some people back, like Tilly Bee.
Rosemary leans forward,
putting her head in the center of the group.
I push her back out.
Not Rosemary, this is.
And I kinda close off for that gap.
Oh, I thought we were putting our heads together.
No, Rosemary, this isn't about you, really.
So yeah, he wants that gun
because he thinks it'll help his boy,
or bring his boy back.
I think the only way to get the boy back
is to defeat this, you know,
ancient evil that's descended upon us,
and I think we might need more than just the three of us
to do that, so I thought maybe a bunch of mafia gins
would help things out,
like, and one very motivated mafia boss
trying to get his son back.
Yeah.
Do you see, I mean, because.
I don't have any better ideas.
Because they, like, the feds came by
and they weren't much help,
they're like, call this number
if you don't solve it in two days,
so I called the mob.
John, when would we be heading up to the city?
Right now.
You guys don't, I was gonna go,
me and Drew were gonna go,
y'all can go though, it might be helpful too,
but I don't know if we should leave,
you know what, I mean, it's an hour away.
Goo's not gonna eat the town in two hours, right?
Well, I hope not.
Did y'all see that dog on the way over here?
Why was it out of the water?
Oh.
Y'all seen any more, have we,
can I do a perception check or awareness check
to see if I've noticed other dogs
or animals wandering around like not.
You wouldn't need to roll to know
that it's been like this for a couple days now
or there have been any animals,
and this is absolutely the first animal you've seen
not in water in a couple days.
Okay, cool.
How far back was that dog?
It was right before we turned in, right?
Let's go catch it or talk to it or pet it.
Always thinking with your stomach.
Pet it.
Let's go pet it.
It wasn't a black lab, was it?
No, it was a husky, an old husky.
Why, you having weird dreams or something about black labs?
No, Kerry Page's dog's still missing.
Yeah, I think we know the creek to find that dog in.
It wasn't there when we passed it last night.
Fuck, maybe that dog needs more of it.
Well, maybe you should go get your clothes on.
That's a good idea.
One of you boys wanna give me a ride home real quick?
Don't you not have extras in the lockers right in there?
Do I?
Yeah, absolutely.
I'll go in and get changed.
Yeah.
Yeah, Clark, honestly, you're disgracing the badge right now.
Just Clark going in?
Yeah.
Oh, no, I'm gonna go get that gun.
Ah, right.
I wanna stay out here and look at the dog,
look for the dog.
I wanna go inside with them.
I toss the handgun to Drew, and I'm like, Drew, guard her.
No, man, well, I guess we've got what she wants, so.
He finally catches it.
I'm like, all right, all right, all right.
Everybody come in.
You two come inside.
Yeah, I'll come in.
Follow us, Rosemary.
Yeah, okay.
As I'm heading toward the door, I notice that car.
Yeah.
And I don't open the door, and I look back at you guys.
You guys know whose car that is?
That red?
No, I've never seen that car before.
No idea.
I look through the glass of the police department.
Do I see anybody through the glass?
You don't see anybody through the glass,
but you do see that the desk that Drew uses
that is within sight of the doorway
has papers stacked super high on the desk
that weren't there the last time you were at the station.
And Drew normally keeps his desk pretty clean.
Drew, give me that gun.
Give it back, all right.
Now get down, get behind one of these cars, Drew.
Okay.
A bigger one than your Mini Cooper.
Okay.
All right, be safe, buddy.
I wanna go look inside that car.
Okay.
I wanna kick the door down holding both those guns
and shout, freeze, motherfucker, contention PD.
Okay, let's take those one at a time.
So first, Keith, you walk over
to the red 2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse.
Freeze, motherfucker, contention PD.
I put my hands up.
And do you, what do you do?
You kick in the door?
I'll wait.
I'm about to, but I see him go over there,
so I pause with my foot just like inches away.
I put my finger up, I'm like, shh.
Oh, I've got two guns.
In case the car can hear us.
Totally.
You look inside of it and inside the car,
you see there's a big container of creatine powder
sitting in the floorboard of the shotgun seat.
That's like protein powder, right?
Protein powder, yes, sir.
And you also see two empty cans of Red Bull, the big ones.
The big ones.
You also see a pair of Oakleys sitting on the seat,
the shotgun seat.
Boys, it looks like we're dealing with a strong foe here.
A douchebag.
We got a real douchebag here.
Is this a two-door car?
I believe it is a two-door car.
All right, anything in the backseat?
No.
Okay, I turn around and I'm like, yeah, let's go inside.
Okay, so yeah, I kick open the door and I shout,
potential proof.
Potention PD, contention PD, freeze, douchebag.
And as you rush in, I assume, to the police department,
you see a young man who was just previously
walking furiously back and forth.
He's frozen solid, hands up in the air.
He's wearing a navy blue suit with a white shirt
and a red stripe tie.
And in one hand, he is holding a large can of Red Bull.
Drop it, party boy.
He drops the can of Red Bull and it hits the ground
and begins to spill onto the carpet,
the like very thin, shitty carpet
of the contention police department.
Oh look, you made a mess in my police department.
I come in behind John.
I'm not, I'm just literally at his back talking over him.
Who are you?
Men, it seems that I have found myself
the contention police officers that I am here to talk to.
If you would come on down
and reach into my jacket pocket here,
I think we won't have an issue
when you see, oh, it's a badge.
It's not a gun, it's a badge.
I do.
John, you keep your gun on him.
I also have my gun aimed at him.
I'm heading over there
and I'm reaching for the thing in my pocket
as I go for his penis.
The thing in your pocket?
Yeah.
The penis.
Okay, oh shit, yeah.
Okay, as you.
And I'm going, I wanna see his badge.
Okay, so you reach in just right there.
Yes, it's that one.
And you pull an FBI badge.
As soon as I see it, I point up
and shoot into the bottom neck area.
Okay.
All right, let's go ahead and roll.
If you could roll a firearms check for me.
Pass, 43 on an 80.
All right, and he rolled an aught four,
which means that you win.
So yours is higher and passed.
So describe what happened.
Real quick, what were you competing on there?
I used his alertness to see if he would recognize
that it was coming in order to even try
to resist the attack.
Gotcha, okay.
We don't talk about mechanics very much.
I typically just roll, but yes, ask that more often.
And I can always explain what I'm doing.
I don't think that was a listener thing.
That was just for me.
Yeah, absolutely.
I don't think anybody's gonna give a shit, but.
I don't think the people who listen to this will care.
If you give a shit, don't listen to us.
Yeah, we are barely playing by rules.
Oh, I am always cheating.
Yeah, I rolled a critical success every time.
High tension moment.
So what happens?
So I shoot and you guys see a little tranquilizer dart
hit him.
I hope it's really quick acting.
He goes, oh my God, what in the world is going on?
As he like starts to wobble and wobble
and then he looks at you and he's like,
hey, what's up?
I look at the badge.
What's the name on it?
Agent Chad, Trent Chad, Trent Chad.
Hey, hey, Chad, are you with me?
I'm gonna need you to sit down
and I kind of help him sit in the nearby chair.
I love sitting.
I turn back to John.
I'll explain, but get Keith in here.
Okay, my gun is on you now, by the way.
Trust me, John, please.
I do, you're Clark.
Yeah, I will come in like, what are you doing?
Wait, you got one of those for Rosemary?
Do we need it?
Yeah, hold on, what's going on here?
How many you got?
I think just one more.
Is that just a trink or like what'd you just do?
I'll explain to you guys.
We can just shoot her.
Here's what's going on.
I had a, I hope you guys will respect my privacy.
You're pretty.
But I had some stuff happen last night
and I just want you to trust me
that I got it on good authority
that the FBI was gonna be here this morning
and that it was our job to make sure
they didn't report back about all the crazy shit
that was happening here in contention.
You said good authority.
They gave me this gun, these tranq darts,
and they said that these darts are special
and whoever we tranq them with,
they'll have to obey our orders for a while.
Okay.
Do you know how long a while is, mechanically speaking?
I don't know it in world or mechanically.
I guess we'll just find out.
I think our best bet though is to give them
a bunch of instructions right the fuck now.
Do we have to fry and pan them over the head?
Well, hey man, that's really cool.
It's a really cool gun you got there.
What are we gonna tell them to do?
My only thought is just to make sure
he leaves and doesn't come back
and whatever he tells his superiors
is something that doesn't make them wanna come back.
Okay, man, as much as I wanna send him
on some hypnotized shenanigans,
I think that's probably the best bet.
Do you think that we'd have time
for shenanigans afterward?
Sure.
That's true.
Yeah, I was right behind you guys the whole time.
I told, buddy, I told you to get the Honda car.
Oh, yeah, I snuck in here, I guess, after.
Did you get upset when you saw
that your paperwork was all disturbed?
Well, you know how I like my desk to always be clean.
Hey, Drew, those papers over there,
are they all yours or some of them his?
Drew starts looking through.
He has pulled out tons of files
out of your filing cabinets and is sorting through them.
They're all ours, though.
Yeah.
So, hey, buddy, who sent you here?
Yeah, the FBI.
And what did they tell you you might find here?
Three of the worst police officers
in the history of the United States of America.
I guess that's, I guess that's you guys.
I wouldn't normally take immense offense to that,
but I understand that in today's law enforcement,
it's often more of a PR game than anything,
and frankly, we've been within' that pretty mightily.
So you might not know what we're doin'
to actually save the world.
I think we're probably the best police officers
in America, I would say.
Hey, Chad, you ever, certainly the bravest.
Have you ever conducted a press conference?
You ever conducted a press conference for yourself?
Press conferences are my specialty.
Guys, what if we have him calm down?
The popular is awesome.
Yes, Chad.
I'm very good with public relations.
Everyone loves me all the time, mostly.
Why wouldn't they?
Yep.
Yeah, so can you relate to the public for us?
What should we tell him that is goin' on, then?
What if we, oh, shit.
Well, what we'll tell him is that there has been,
well, it's super dark, but here's a possible,
here's a possible cover story.
All right, we tell them that contention
is a crossroads for human trafficking,
and that all their children and people
that then disappeared are in slavery.
Yeah, so what he's gonna say is that the FBI
has a task force on the way.
The meager resources of the contention PD were overwhelmed,
despite the brave efforts of all the officers here,
and that if you see anything, like black goo-related,
why don't you just call on in to Drew down here
at the hotline and let him know?
Maybe not the black goo.
Maybe not the black goo.
Maybe just the stuff flattering us.
We could tell him to give the contention PD
as wide a berth as possible,
that they are still part of the task force
and are the feet on the ground.
Don't interfere with us.
We should also say we're working closely
with the first church of contention.
I had a wiper.
I was thinking we might have a conference at the church.
Yeah.
Clark, you are.
That's good.
You're a genius.
Clark is a, he's kinda rocking back on his heels,
a little bit proud of that.
So do we wanna have that untelevised event that he does
and then send him on his way back and say,
they got it under control,
or actually have the FBI come out here
and no, we don't want them to come.
No, I think we have them do the press conference
and then get the fuck out of town
and don't ever come back.
Don't ever come back.
Tell his superiors that it must have been a false alarm
that contention PD's got everything under control
in that town.
Bizarre internet hoax.
There you go.
It's just a attack on small town America.
What time do you guys wanna have this conference?
Cause we're gonna need to.
We should do it today.
What time is it right now?
Early.
It is super early.
It's like five in the morning, 4.30 in the morning.
You know what?
We don't know how much longer
these truth serum darts are gonna work.
Let's hold it.
Whatever you wanna call it.
A 10 a.m. press conference.
I'm hoping.
No, no, no, no.
What we gotta do is go down to that church
right the fuck now, get up on the auditorium,
film one of them on our smartphones
and get him out of here.
And then go back to business.
I don't think it should be filmed though.
That's not a bad idea if we film it
and just give it to the local television station
on the morning news.
We can pose in front all Mr. Science theater style,
just silhouetted acting like reporters.
Hank, question.
Clark is already heading toward the evidence locker
to find the camera that we always use for filming things.
Okay.
Absolutely.
I like that.
And then we'll send it into.
When you go back there.
What is the local news channel?
We probably just get the city news out here.
Yeah, that's right.
We're only an hour away.
Probably the only news around is the city.
Well, there's probably a couple radio.
I mean, of course there's a couple radio stations
that we all listen to and love.
Local talk radio.
Oh, let's do that.
Let's do a public service announcement on the radio.
You could even have Wolf the dog post it.
Yeah.
Well, everybody in town loves Wolf the dog.
That's true.
Okay, I like the idea.
All right, let's get this done quick.
We can just record it right here then.
Yep.
All right, say this idiot.
What?
Drew, top up something pretty for this dumb ass to say.
Okay, what the fuck?
I have to do it all.
No, you have to do it all.
I don't know if it's necessary that we even say anything
because we've said what he's gonna say.
The bullet points that we wanna hit are everything's okay,
let the contention PD do whatever the fuck they want.
And don't worry, everything's gonna be all right.
And that everything the contention PD has been doing
has been a-okay, what we needed them to do.
Above and beyond.
Don't worry, but be careful out there.
Yep.
So we have him say that.
Yeah.
Awesome.
We can have Drew email it over to Wolf the dog.
For immediate release.
Yeah, for immediate release.
Yeah.
Haven't played a couple times over the course of the day.
Perfect.
Well, cause that's the thing,
this is gonna be a big news.
They're gonna want this.
They're not gonna want it.
This is hot shit.
They're not gonna want it.
Hot shit.
Well, they've been waiting to hear something from you guys.
That was mostly Drew's fault.
Oh, and tell them to repeat it.
Oh, hey, yeah.
Should we have somebody else besides Drew email him?
Remember when he didn't tell us
about those 30 missing people?
I think his heart's in the right place, but.
Well, you guys are right here.
You can watch me.
We can all email them together.
Drew, the whole point of your job
is that you're supposed to be able to do it
while we're not watching you.
Yes, and that was an excellent opportunity for this story.
Well, you can prove yourself to us by doing it correctly.
And how about you get dressed?
Yeah, buddy.
And let's do the next thing.
Retroactively.
As soon as agent is done recording.
Can we start over?
Can we start over?
As soon as the agent is done recording
and maybe those two are getting the emails sent off,
I'm telling them about.
And now I'm gonna need you to go back to your superiors
and tell them kind of what you said on that news broadcast,
that everything's okay here in the contention area.
Yeah.
And that there's no reason to send anybody else down here
for a while at least,
but you probably never need them again.
It's just an internet hoax.
So I did it?
I did it right?
I just solved the case, buddy.
I pat him on the back.
You did.
You did.
You killed him.
And he was your boss.
I'd give you a promotion.
You look strong and energized.
You look swole, buddy.
Thank you.
Look at them wings.
I appreciate it.
I'll just go get in my car.
Hey, wait, real quick.
Before you fucking go,
could you mop up that Red Bull you spilled?
Yeah, of course.
All right, thanks, you dumb piece of shit.
And then I shoot him dead.
Oh no, we're gonna have to lure another FBI agent down here
and hypnotize him all over again.
And he's gonna have to clean up this mess.
No, I don't shoot him.
I failed my firearm, shit.
Clark, when you go to the back of the police station
to grab your change of clothes,
you have a habit of peeking in on the cells.
There's no one in the cells.
Dr. Murray Jacobs is gone.
Dr. Murray Jacobs and the body of Doug Jacobs
are no longer in the cells.
Are all our artifacts still there?
The cell doors are locked.
I do the cartoon walk by and then slowly walk back.
And you confirm.
No one's there.
Hey, boys, I'm still gonna get changed,
but cells are empty, God fucking damn it.
I go back and get changed.
But just the people are gone, not our stuff.
The stuff is in a locker.
The stuff is in the evidence room, I think.
None of us let them out.
Just look for yourself as I kind of motion
with a hand over toward them.
Okay, we go check it out.
Hey, Clark, did you notice that everybody's gone?
I don't respond.
Put my clothes on.
What the fuck?
I check the doors to make sure that they're actually locked.
They're locked and secured.
Well, this is a quandary.
I come back into the room fully dressed.
Oh, hey, I check the locks.
I tried Murray Jacobs' cell phone number,
which I assume we acquired during routine police paperwork.
Yeah, that flies.
It goes to voicemail immediately, it doesn't ring.
I turn to Drew.
Hey, Drew, when was the last time you noticed them in there?
Well, they were in there last night.
Isn't it last night right now?
Well, they were in there like seven hours ago, for sure.
Well, it's a good thing we're in a police station
with cameras, let's go check those.
Nice.
A fist bump, Keith.
Watching the security footage of the last couple of hours
fast forwarding through, you see the cat in your police station
running all over the place, constantly jumping, jumping,
jumping, jumping, jumping, jumping from spot to spot
to spot, hiding, running, running.
And when you are watching the footage of the cells,
you see both Dr. Murray Jacobs and the body
of Doug Jacobs silently just get really scared
and move back up against the wall,
and they start kind of moving away.
And then all of a sudden, you see their bodies picked up
off the ground and slammed into the ground
and slammed into the ground.
And then as if they were never there, they are gone.
What the hell could that have been?
If you guys could go ahead and roll sanity.
Do we need to?
That's a really good point, because you have seen this
happen a lot of times.
We just know what it is, but I pass anyway.
And especially because it was also on camera,
I won't call for a sanity roll there.
I want to rewind the tape and get to the very moment
that the cat started freaking out and see if I can tell
which direction it was looking when it started freaking out.
Interesting.
Did the cat get gooed too?
You didn't see the cat disappear.
As you're finding the spot where the cat got freaked out,
it was looking up.
I look up.
You see the paneled ceiling of the police department.
You know, the kind of ceiling that they have in classrooms
that you can throw pencils into.
Drop ceiling.
Drop ceiling.
Drop ceiling.
So, hey, y'all remember when the body of John Peters
fell from the sky onto my cop cruiser?
Do you think?
Oh, yeah.
Mm-hmm.
I don't know.
That happened up, you know what I mean?
The sky opened.
Well, I mean, that happened.
Cat was looking up.
Happened in the junkyard body.
Happened.
We're not talking about the slamming.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Is that, yeah, the falling from the sky is.
Yeah, the falling from the sky.
Is different, but they got smashed repeatedly
into the ground and then disappeared.
Julie Maxwell and Leo Piston.
Got smashed into the ground and then disappeared.
John Peters.
John Peters fell from the sky and did not disappear.
The first body fell and didn't disappear.
Good work, yep.
Very succinctly put, Keith.
Thank you.
Seems like we might be dealing with the same.
Do you think it's all the same goo?
Probably all the same goo.
And we, did we figure out,
we think that the animals can see the goo?
Well, they can sense it.
Animals have a pretty natural awareness.
What if we all turn into cats?
Clark, right now, I think that's best case scenario.
And then we could just run free, John.
Well, I think we're gonna have to wait
till the radio turns back on.
We're gonna have to wait till the radio turns back on
to test that theory out.
I kind of do a sheepish laugh.
We can't do that.
Real quick, I don't know how any of this all works,
but I was thinking about, I think at some point,
one of us is probably gonna have to shoot ourselves
with that gun to go to this other place
where all this weird shit and those photographs
are coming from.
And then maybe the radio, or the helmet.
One of them, I think there's a sequence maybe
that takes you there and brings you back.
But I'm not sure what swapping bodies has to do with it.
Maybe one of us has to die.
Well, we'll be able to take a picture again today.
Why?
I don't know why.
So, you think it's on a daily timer?
Why did you say that?
Did you have some kind of weird dream about that?
I don't know, I just, it was,
I felt like that was just in my mind.
I don't know how I knew that.
So, something I was thinking about is the last time.
I think maybe around one o'clock today,
we'll be able to take that picture.
That's specific, Keith.
It's just, it's in my mind, it's a hunch.
I don't know how I know it, though.
Yeah, all right, what the hell do you know, buddy?
Hey, Keith rolled to be a better liar.
Keith rolled to lie to us right now.
Is it weird shit?
I don't know, I just, it popped into my head.
I put my hand on Keith's shoulder.
Weird shit is all around us, man.
If you just happen to know this, I fucking believe you, man.
I just knew it.
I don't know, I can't remember how or what.
Did we not all know that?
Can I do a hument to see if he's lying about
just knowing that?
I don't like to play where you can roll hument
against other players.
Oh, so Luke just gets the bullshit.
We've also, so early on, there was a time I played
with a different group and somebody had an incredibly
high Persuade and they just forced Dean's player
to keep doing stupid stuff by rolling Persuade against him.
Yeah, that doesn't sound fun.
I mean, it sounds fun.
No, it's objectively the worst scenario.
That's a really good point about, yeah.
It was really funny for everyone except for Dean.
Which is annoying, I'd be like, okay, well,
you can just play my character then.
Yeah, so I don't like it.
What are the recourses for discovering
if a player is lying to you?
What do you think?
Well, I was about to say, if you want to play it out.
I've kind of just said that I believe him.
Yeah, so let's role play it.
You can not believe me if you don't want.
I don't believe that you just don't.
I think you got more you're not telling us.
Well, that's-
Is there any reason why you're not telling us?
Honestly, it just popped in my head.
I thought maybe, did we not already know?
You know, I might be wrong even, let's just see.
Let me go check and see, is it red still?
You guys walk into the evidence locker
and you see the helmet and it's light is red.
You see the camera, it's light is red.
You see the gun, it's light is red.
And you see the radio and it's light is green.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
