Y'all, I'm so fuckin' pumped. This is so fuckin' tasty.
Even though y'all are listening to me from 26 years in the past,
I know that this very special nice episode number will bring you to a delicious audio climax like it does me.
It's episode 69, my babies!
From the Station 694.2 PTBP,
I'm Wolf the Dog, and I'm from the future.
You are whoever the fuck you are from the past.
Let's get it, y'all.
Let's intertwine, like the good numbers 6 and 9, and bring each other to a new plane of existence.
Where pleasure is the only thing we can feel,
as we become one sexy oily blob together in the corners of space-time.
Uh...
So anyway, this week's Howlin' with Wolf comes from Mandy.
At SketchyPixels, who tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pod.
They write,
Hello, Wolf the Dog.
Ah, wooooo!
Longtime contention-based fan of the show here, and I had a question for you.
I don't know how much you know about tabletop games or role-playing,
but I'm hoping to get a regular group here in contention to play.
I have experience running a couple games,
and would love to host a new group since my last group kind of vanished.
I boasted around town about meeting up at the library.
No one's really showed up yet, and the town has seemed kind of empty lately.
But I'm sure it'll pick up soon.
Anyone interested in playing can come down to the library pretty much whenever.
I'm there all the time.
At all times.
Just waitin' with my dice.
Waiting.
Always waiting.
My question is, if you could create a character to go on an adventure,
what kind of character would you make?
I also wanted to return shout-out my very good friend Disa, who shouted me out the other day.
Thanks for getting me into the show and for generally being an awesome friend.
Thanks for writin' in, Mandy.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
But really, what the fuck is role-playing?
The only role I know how to play is that of Wolf the Dog, baby.
He is very strong, very sexy, and very smart, and very addicted to trash can eateries.
If you're the kind of hoe who wants this show to grow with gusto,
throw us some dough and bestow your bows and crows with the no.
That one was a stretch.
And my producer definitely wrote that and made me read it,
or he was gonna incinerate all my trash.
Now, uh, we're on Patreon.
And please tell your friends and internet followers to listen to this damn show.
Goddamn, I wish I knew how to get on the internet.
Sounds wild, y'all.
Now it's time for the news.
Bradley Cooper found Jack Russell's go-bag in his floorboards
while Walter and Alan Grimes watched him on their television.
Roger and Angela Fairfield had a perfectly normal conversation
about vaccinations needed to go abroad.
Charles Digby had a short and confusing conversation
with a young girl on a walkie-talkie he found under his bed.
What the fuck is going on?
I thought this one was supposed to, you know, be like nice,
like calm and comfy and shit,
or like the good number 69.
I guess I don't know much,
but I do know universal healthcare shouldn't be divisive.
Sex work is work.
Food waste and the existence of billionaires have the same solution.
And this brand new track that I'm premiering here for y'all is a bit on the nose.
It's Dream Girl with Pretty Sexual.
Don't make me crazy, baby
This is real love dream
I knew I'd make you be foolish
There we go. Episode 69.
Hey, that's a sex number. It is indeed, and this is a sex episode.
Angela and Roger gonna fuck.
You told me to expect something today.
I didn't realize. Oh, some actual roleplay.
We might actually just upload a video of us like larping it.
If that's more appropriate for the no, that makes total sense.
You're cool with that, right?
Yeah, it'll just be in character won't be like it's me and you
when I signed up for this podcast.
I knew that there would be some light sex involved.
That's what the contract said that you wrote up.
I've changed the word light in the contract.
So we are going to I asked all of you guys to to come in a little
prepared this week, which I always feel nervous.
Actually, that's laughing because my eyes went wide.
No, I can always count on you, Joe.
Oh, no.
So what did I ask you for?
We're going to talk about a bad memory.
We are indeed and I asked you to present some sort of a first-person
narrative of a bad memory that is that is brought you to calm comfy
campground, right?
Yeah, it was something that related to how we got here.
Yeah, God my voice feels really like rough and deep right now cuz
this is the first while I we don't always record on Tuesday nights,
but pretty much always and we're doing a Saturday.
It's brunch time.
It should have been.
Saturday record session is going to get a little silly maybe Joe's
Roger Fairfield goes to sleep.
He drifts into a deep slumber sitting on a chair book on your chest
learning about the flora of the area around calm comfy campground.
And then hey Zach, will you tell me about some of that?
Yeah, there's plants.
What you didn't write it out.
You didn't talk about what all the trees were here.
I don't know a lot of science words.
There's big ones and small ones, green ones and brown ones.
Yeah, so far so good.
Cool.
There's a lot of flowers in that book that cover many many different
species and different shrubberies and bushes.
It's it's actually it's it's quite remarkable for the area that it
has plants.
Just how many just how many different species.
Yes, and so as you fall into this this sweet sweet nap night nap the
long night nap that you'll wake up from probably in the morning.
Sure.
Why not?
I would like you to just give me a rundown from a first-person
perspective of a bad memory that brought you here.
Oh shit.
This isn't how I thought this was going to happen.
Okay.
Okay.
I thought for sure I'd be talking to somebody about it.
You're talking to the listeners about it.
Well, I you know kind of hold on.
Sorry about that.
I had to just go into the kitchen.
I don't know if you could hear the bleed through on the mics of
Justin and Thomas and Luke having just a joyful conversation.
We don't want them having fun out there.
No, no fun whatsoever out there and put a kibosh on that.
I was so confused to find them standing all in the same room.
They didn't need to be that loud to hear each other.
It's wild so strange.
Okay.
All right, Joe Rogers having a dream.
Yeah, he is in the dream.
Yes.
He oh you said first person.
I I'm dreaming of I'm dreaming of my time before I met Angela.
It's I'm in a classroom and I'm doing my notes and I'm going home
and studying and I'm reading my textbooks and I'm falling asleep
and I'm waking up and I'm going to the gym and I'm going to class
and I'm going home and studying and I'm falling asleep in just
one day on the way to class.
I ran into this girl and I mean ran into her.
She stopped me in my tracks because she was looking down and
I was looking up and boom and her bracelet went flying and
my glasses flew off and I gathered all those things up and
she put the glasses on my face.
I something about something about her face that I didn't go
to class that day.
I asked her to go get a cup of coffee with me meet you make
you we were kind of inseparable after that.
We she was she was not like me at all.
If she saw a cool car, she would run over and ask the person
in the parking lot.
If it was theirs and talk to them about it and I would not
do that.
That's not something I would ever have done just talking
to strangers talking to strangers at all.
But it's just because I wasn't that interested but she's
interested.
She's she's interested in everything.
It's she's always asking stuff.
She's always asking about my life.
She's asking about my work and I don't like to talk about
that very often.
I don't know.
I'm an archaeologist and I feel like everybody would find
that boring.
I don't like to talk about my work because I see eyes glaze
over but she would always ask and I would go and tell her
what I could so Raj.
What what did you what are you working on today?
I mean, it's just old dusty bricks out to yeah, but they're
your dusty bricks and I want to know about your dusty bricks.
I mean, it's not we found we found a we found a city we
found a city a city a whole city.
Oh my God.
That's like a big deal or I don't have to feign interest.
It's just I'm interested.
Really?
Of course.
I am.
It's it's our life.
It is it's cool.
It's an old.
It's an old old city that nobody's seen it before.
What's it called?
We're just calling it the nameless city right now.
We don't really have a term for it.
That's spooky.
It's it's neat as you're reliving this moment with Angela.
She freezes completely.
And you notice that the air is stagnant around you no more
sound you'd heard birds chirping second ago.
They're no longer chirping.
You heard a car was literally driving by at that exact moment.
He kind of clants out the window and it is stopped in the
middle of the road and walking into the room is a man with
black dress shoes gray slacks and a white shirt.
It's James the executive director of calm comfy campground.
So Roger, what would you want to change in this moment?
If you could go back it was it wasn't it wasn't that moment
that that that moment was was nice.
It was it was all the times after that that she she just
kept asking kept asking kept trying to tell me have me tell
her more it became exhausting.
I couldn't I didn't I didn't my work is my work.
I don't I don't want to have to relay my notes every night
to her.
I would get I would get snippy sometimes when she would ask
about my work and one night I yelled at her.
Let's go there and he snaps his fingers and he's gone and
you are where were you when this took place laying in bed
hot.
We laying in our separate beds.
Yeah.
Well, it's 26 years ago.
Obviously, I love Lucy style bedroom.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, but like just I mean any like a single detail like a
single detail.
We don't it's dusty.
It's dusty and there's rocks and sometimes.
There's writing on the fucking rocks Angela and she just
looks at you with these big eyes and you see a little bit
of the light just die in them.
Life freezes once again and James walks into the room.
So that wasn't great.
No, it's not fun to see it again.
Do you think that there was anything else leading to this
or was it just a repetition that led you down this aggressive
pathway?
I mean, she's just she's just so so different from the way
I used to live every everything about her is the antithesis
of me.
She likes to do things and I do the same things.
Oh, I thought of something really cool to say in this voice
in the shower last night and I practiced it.
But I don't remember what it was.
Oh, man.
I literally I think it was just calling somebody a chump.
I'm just picture you in the shower.
I think it was shut it jump.
I thought of that.
I was like, that's actually hilarious.
Your body wash is like ball episode 69 Thomas.
That's the sex number.
That's my second name and favorite number after the drug
number.
Oh, you prefer the drug number?
Yeah.
Yeah me too.
69 is like a great concept, but it's not honestly like it's
too distracting.
You can't focus on the pleasure.
You're giving.
Okay, we went different directions.
So well because it's the same thing you can't focus on the
pleasure you're getting because you're focused on the pleasure
you're giving I tend to focus on the pleasure.
I'm giving Zach.
So that's well, that's what I was trying to believe on.
All right, so I we went over this with Joe but I asked you
guys to to be able to relay a bad memory in first person.
And so we're just going to jump right on in as you fall asleep
in your very nice pajamas silken high-thread count jammies.
Your mind goes blank for the first time all day.
Not thinking about Cube not thinking about shades of white.
That's such an ignorant thing to say.
Well, I'm an ignorant boy.
I could show you color palettes that would blow your mind.
I had a friend he considered me a friend.
I didn't necessarily treat him like much of one but we met
after college.
This was 26 years ago.
Not not like the 26 years ago.
We might hypothetically be living in now.
This was actually 26 years ago and it was a time for technology.
We were just some California kids out there me Martin Cupertino
and Bill Bosniak.
You know a lot, you know a lot more technically than I did
and and we dreamed of building something big together.
I was working for for a video game company called Campari.
They came to us with a challenge if you could remove as
many chips as possible from from the circuit board for their
for the new video game, they would give you $50 a chip.
No a hundred dollars a chip.
I swear.
I just read the Wikipedia on this so I know what I'm talking
about. Wikipedia is a thing that will exist 26 years in the
future, which is where I consider myself to be existing at
all times spiritually.
So Bill I knew he could he could take a crack at it.
He could he could whittle down the chips on that circuit board
where I couldn't and I promised him we'd split the reward
evenly. He came back to me a few weeks later having removed
50 chips.
That's $5,000 in 26 years ago money.
That was a lot of money at the time.
I took his design to Campari.
They gave me the $5,000 and I told Bill that they had only
given us $700.
I gave him $350.
And it haunts me.
Wait $700.
I thought we were supposed to get wasn't it was a hundred
dollars a chip, right?
This is I'm Bill.
Noted California technologist Bill Bosniak.
Bill Bosniak here love California.
That that pans.
Yeah, so Bill they they kind of fucked us.
I mean you did great work buddy, but they didn't give us
the full 5,000.
They only gave us $700.
So here's your 350 big guy and at that exact moment life
freezes Bill's face like it's been paused and walking into
the room is a man in a white dress shirt gray slacks and
black dress shoes.
And it's James the executive director of calm comfy campground.
So Bradley or should I say Martin if you could I fooled
you if you could go back to this moment and you could change
anything.
I've thought about that a lot.
Would you yeah, I'd tell him they didn't pay us anything
and keep all the money for myself.
I use that to start our company the stock options.
He got from that alone more than made up for it.
I mean if I had had 350 extra bucks to put into that 26
years ago.
That might be worth two or three points, you know on the
stock these days.
That's a few more million dollars for him for old Bill is
the regret of not being able to get your friend more money
later.
I made my friend a very wealthy man not as wealthy as he
might have been if I was honest with him over the 15 years
or so of our professional Association.
I've thought about both ways.
What if I gave him his full amount?
What if I gave him nothing neither option seems satisfactory?
I wouldn't be where I was today without it.
I guess I regret nothing.
This place really works.
I want this is Joe's.
Yeah, it's just nice bag.
Not anymore.
I just put my dice in my dice bag now tell Joe anything
totally my dice bag.
Hello, Justin.
Well, hello, Justin.
It's so nice to see you.
I forgot the rest of the Hello Dolly.
I don't know the words.
You said the ones I know.
Yep.
Those are the ones it's so something something something.
Yeah.
Hello Dolly.
Hello Dolly.
You're my Dolly.
Oh, you're my Louis Armstrong Louis Louis Louis Louis when
I'm wearing my formal attire, I am Louis and this the sweaters
obviously so Justin it's episode 69.
Oh, I forgot about that.
Yeah, I don't think it might have a celebrated it.
The best number we should have started episode 1 with like
this is the countdown to episode 69 I asked you to have a
bad memory prepared and we're going to dive into it as you
fall asleep caffeine riddled mind racing, but tuckered out
from a long day at calm comfy campground you get into bed
after having a less than normal experience with a walkie-talkie
under your bed.
Yeah, that was unsettling but it is on your nightstand as
you sleep.
Yeah, but not not unsettling enough that I don't leave it
on right next to your glutton for unsettlement.
Come on, baby as you drift asleep your mind opens back up
and you find yourself amidst this memory.
So when we first got together Sam was everything to me.
She warmed my heart in a way that no one else had since I
was like a teenager or something.
I don't think I've ever known a love like that in my entire
life that made me want to cling to her all the harder.
We had these matching coffee cups each with the first letter
of our first names.
It was one of the first things we bought when we first moved
in together after our first year of living with each other.
I started noticing some things it's in my nature to pick
up on other people's routines and whatnot.
I noticed that she was running late from work more often.
I told myself it was all fine.
It'd be okay me and Rolo had the place to ourselves every
now and then boys night in and all that Taco Tuesday with
Rolo. Sure.
Why not?
She would tell me about these happy hour things with her
co-workers.
It was helping her network move up the ladder all that stuff
a couple nights.
She would get home real late.
Then it started to spread to some weekend nights this drifted
on for about a month.
So I did what I'm good at.
I started tailing her.
I took some pictures of her with her friends co-workers whoever
she was with I started keeping a folder with pictures and
names to see if they matched with people from work like she
had told me so one night I get a call from a client and I
have to storm off somewhere to capture some pictures of someone
in a timely manner.
I get back home real late that night Sam is she's on the floor
crying but furious looking at the pictures of her and her
peers that I had taken my heart nearly stopped.
I just about projectile vomit from the nerves.
Everything was a fucking mess.
I remember in this moment looking at my overweight cat Rolo
and I could see in his eyes this feeling of like holy shit
you fucked up guy.
She yells at me now.
I'm used to being yelled at my job doesn't always elicit joy
from others, but this felt like the wrath of some kind of
cruel dark God was coming my way her raised voice pierced
my soul.
I try to tell her that I was just worried about how she'd
been spending more time away from me.
I was just concerned about her really honest, but she could
see right through my bullshit.
She knew it was because I didn't trust her deep down that
I have trouble trusting anyone.
She said exactly that to me and I denied it.
I get defensive.
I start running down all the things I had seen her doing
at what times and where I told her that I had a reason not
to trust her.
That's when she threw her coffee cup down on the floor next
to all those fucking pictures.
She started packing up her stuff in a hurry.
She was out of there so fast the next morning.
Just me my obese cat and one half of a matching set of coffee
cups and those goddamn pictures that I never should have
taken and as Charles Digby is staring down at these pictures
the world stops like someone paused the television.
That morning you could hear the birds chirping dogs playing
outside in the neighborhood.
You could hear the city streets.
But all of that is now completely silent and stepping into
the room is a man wearing a white button-down shirt gray
slacks and black dress shoes and it's James the executive
director at calm comfy campground.
So that was pretty rough.
Now if you if you could talk to this version of yourself
right here, what would you say to him?
I'd yell at him and say what what have you done?
You've ruined one of the best things you've ever had going
in your life.
You fucking fool.
You're no longer standing over these pictures, but you're
standing in your workroom your office holding your camera
about to go out and tail Sam for the first time and you can
see the look on your own face.
And again everything pauses and James steps up now if you
had the opportunity, would you change it?
I absolutely would I would I would do anything to undo what
I did take the camera out of his hands.
I died put my hands on the camera and yank it out and a
wrestle it away from yourself.
Yeah, is he like really stiff?
Yeah.
Yeah got that rigor mortis.
Yeah, I'm like just like take it out like really fucking
feisty angry.
That's good.
It's good.
Now.
What would you have to do?
What would you have to explain to this version of yourself
in order to keep you from doing this again?
You got to trust people.
You can't just assume the worst in everybody even though
that's your that's your day job.
You can't do that with the people you love you have to
assume the best out of the people you love.
Luke in the room.
I'm here, baby.
Are you ready for episode 69?
I've never been more ready.
That means we've been doing this for like a long time like
I'm like a couple months.
So Walter Grimes turns his chin down to his chest and those
piercing blue baby eyes clothes or turn dark.
Yeah, I'm in my room laying in bed looking at book not
really reading it or taking it in just kind of staring
and Alan walks into the room and he's in a bit of a huff
and he comes over to me and I hear noises from another
room and he doesn't say anything.
He just comes over and he places his finger underneath
my chin and everything goes dark, but I'm not off.
I can't move.
I can't see but I can still hear the voices get closer
and I hear Alan talk about selling me.
I hear two men enter the room and I can feel them touching
me and I feel their presence and I can tell they're looking
me over and inspecting different parts of my body and Alan
keep saying numbers and they are negotiating about how much
I'm worth and at the end of it Alan he tells them to leave
and he turns me back on and he asked if I'm okay is everything
okay Walter and he acts like nothing happened and I yeah,
I don't ask him about it, but it's the first time I realized
that I consider Alan my father, but I don't know if he considers
me his son and at that exact moment Walters face freezes
like it's been paused almost like he's been turned off but
you notice that the ceiling fan in the room that was on previous
is just frozen in the air above you and at that moment the
door opens and a man walks in he's wearing white button-down
shirt gray slacks and black shoes and it is James the executive
director at calm comfy campground.
So Walter, why did you tell him everything was okay?
Everything is okay.
Do you actually believe that it's what I've been told do you
have thoughts that aren't what you've been told?
Yes.
I try not to think about them like what mostly bad things.
I'm not real.
I mean I am real but not in the way that you are.
I mean, I'm here talking to you.
We're in one of your memories.
You seem real to me.
Okay.
So if you're not real to you, what does that make you feel inferior?
Do you worry about that sometimes?
Yes, when I'm trying to learn more and read sometimes I don't
actually read and I ruminate on bad thoughts.
Is it your goal to get rid of this inferior feeling that would
be nice.
Yes, and how do you intend to achieve that goal?
I don't think about it often.
So I haven't thought that far ahead.
Do you think it's possible?
Anything is possible.
I'm going to combat Thomas's character with deep gravel boys.
Nice try bees the deep gravelly boys.
Ooh, I do like that.
Did you be DJ me?
Did you be fair to be a part of that group?
Alan?
You gotta go and go fuck yourself.
Fuck off Nixon.
Well before them, I'm part of a girl.
Yeah, me too.
But I'm probably crying because I'm friends with everybody.
What could you not understand me?
Oh, I'm Alan.
Fuck.
Yeah, you keep doing it.
Fuck.
My name is Alan.
Fuck.
That's my favorite RnB.
Oh my God.
That would be such a fucking good name for a musician.
His son Robin.
Fuck Robin.
Fuck it.
Yeah, he's done.
He's over.
All right, you guys ready for this?
Yeah, no, maybe wait.
No, no, no, he's spookified the room.
The room is blue Roger Fairfield and Charles Digby are together
in a canoe.
Walter and Alan Grimes are together in a canoe.
Bradley Cooper.
You're in a canoe with Jack Russell.
I reach back and scratches fluffy eyes.
So you're all paddling aggressively teeth clenched tight desperately
trying to get to the other side of Lake calm and behind you
you hear a scoop as something massive and dense dips back
down into the brackish waters of Lake calm Walter Walter.
We gotta get out of here.
I paddle I'd like to use an athletics check to row harder
than them.
Fantastic.
Yes.
Let's go ahead and have an athletics competition between
these three canoes to see who gets in the lead and who
is left behind 91 Jack slows us down 28 on a 30 for and
then I roll the five.
I failed a 56 on a 30 Walter and Alan Grimes are 20 yards
ahead of everyone else and then in the very back is going
to be Bradley Cooper and Jack Russell and the other four
of you do not look back as you just continue to paddle
and paddle and paddle and you're freaking the fuck out.
We're panicked.
Oh, yeah, okay, Walter.
Don't look back.
Just keep paddling and Walter is getting it like he put
you in the back because of your just innate athleticism
and you are side to side side to side just paddling paddling
so smooth into these dark waters and you are flying towards
the green trees ahead in the shoreline that is approaching
and behind you guys hear Jack Russell.
Wait, nope.
Bradley nope, you're close Bradley Cooper.
I can't I can't row anymore.
You'll row to save my life or I'll fucking kill you Bradley
Cooper Charles Digby Walter and Alan Grimes and Roger Fairfield.
You are all standing in a Spartan and sterile room filled
with shelves and oddly lit by the floor the ceiling above
you is dark with the shadows cast by rows and rows of metal
shelves the floor is emanating bright white LED lighting
this room may not be infinite, but you can't see a wall
in any direction.
The shelves are filled with cassette tapes each has a name
and a number they're grouped together five to seven people
at a time and most numbers go up from one to four so anywhere
from five to 30 tapes per grouping.
There were names.
Yeah, there's names on the on the cassette tapes.
I want to read a couple.
Yeah, absolutely.
So everyone go ahead and roll intelligence pass pass a 59
on a 75 48 on a 65 pass 54 on 60.
Okay, so everyone passes so you guys are going to recognize
the names of many politicians CEOs activists journalists
religious figures Etc.
There's a bunch of different names, but and you don't recognize
all of them.
But because you guys know say excedrin.
Yeah, excedrin excedrin migraine our new sponsor like the
middle of your head is on fire right now and you guys are
just like looking through and you're recognizing about half
the names you come across and I know that guy see exactly
everyone roll luck.
I don't think we gave these characters love scores.
So we'll give them 50.
Okay pass fail fail all under over under 50 pass pass
crit fail.
All right.
So Walter as you're looking around you find everyone roll
search while I'm telling hey Joe, what are Clark Bishop's
parents names?
Have we said no.
Oh, then it's a Jerry and Eunice Jerry and Eunice Bishop
are both found.
I don't know that guy.
That's not for you guys.
That's just for the listeners and then who passed search
checks all of us, but Jeff, okay, fantastic.
So you guys find a shelf that has the same name over and
over and over on every tape hundreds is it Jack Russell
and it's Jack Russell the next shelf over has even more tapes
with the same name.
This was where I was going to say Jack Russell, right?
Yeah, if I had to guess I'd say there's about five or four
missing and I pulled them out of my pockets when you reach
into your pockets.
They're not there damn and you see then the numbers that
you think should be there are in the shelf.
Well funny story guys.
I've seen these tapes before they were hidden in my room
along with what seemed like basically some some get out
and go shit the Jack had do our characters have any
feeling about suddenly being here.
Do we are we aware that this all of a sudden has happened
that we have happened to do this place.
This feels like a memory that is happening in the future
and you're living it now.
Wow.
Okay.
Did you did you get a chance to look at the tapes?
What's on the tapes?
No, I couldn't find the weird metallic again.
I figured he might have a Walkman there wasn't really one
around anywhere else.
Don't talk about my son ever again.
What else was in the go bag two things don't talk to my
son ever again and what's in the go back.
I saw you tell your father not to talk to me kid.
I saw get on my nerves.
You had a map in the bag.
Yeah, I saw that.
How'd you see that your cabins on our TV?
We were changing the channels on the TV and we saw the inside
of your cabin.
That's a gross invasion.
Did you see anything related to the proprietary development
of Cube Walter now and look at each other with wide eyes
like Luke and Zach are doing right now.
No, no, no good good.
You've never heard of Cube.
You wouldn't understand it if you saw it.
What now?
Let's shut up.
What's at the northeast part of the map the door explain
the door.
It just says the door where on the map the northeast side
Roger raises his hand.
I'm playing catch up here.
What what's going on?
He pointed at the northeast part of the map on on our TV.
Yeah, what was the map?
The map is a map of this place come comfy campgrounds looked
like maybe Jack had written it up.
He marked a trail that led out of here to the door.
Are we sure we're in calm comfy campgrounds right now?
Everyone looks at each other.
How rustic is this room?
It is neither rustic nor elegant for these tapes video tapes
or cassette audio cassette.
Okay.
Is there a tape player in here looking around you just see
shelves shelves and shelves and shelves Alan when you were
looking through your TV.
Did you see an image of the woods?
I don't believe so.
No, no, we watched Wheel of Fortune for one clue and then
we what was the clue beer-battered shrimp?
Excuse me.
It was beer-battered rock shrimp.
There it is.
It's very important to the plot.
So I just thought it might be the episode that in the that
would have been cool.
Yeah, kind of kind of insane.
You didn't do that.
It was just Luke's improv.
So don't well, I had watched well looks a bad deal.
I had watched Wheel of Fortune and that was one of the clues
in my mind beer-battered rock shrimp.
Yeah, that sounds good.
It does Alan.
How many other cameras do you think you saw on the TV?
We turned it off.
So just the one.
Yeah.
Okay.
I saw a camera in the forest whenever I was doing a little
investigating.
Let's call it.
Can you elaborate on your investigation?
That was just, you know, wandering about looking for stuff.
You saw a camera?
There was a camera up in a tree.
I couldn't get up to it though, but I was curious why it
was there.
I thought maybe it was to look out for wild animals or
something.
But if it's in one of our rooms, it could have been in all
of our rooms.
I didn't even notice that I had a TV.
I don't own a TV at home.
Very cool.
Wow.
I want to be friends with you.
Full, I'm full.
All my spots are full.
Listen, while we're talking about what we did while we were
exploring.
I took a canoe out alone on the lake.
But we're not supposed to do that.
I can handle it.
Okay.
There's some kind of lake monster.
That's all.
Of a lake a lake monster.
Yeah, some creature in the lake.
Did you see it?
I heard it.
I saw its form underwater is Jack in the room with us, right?
Jack is not and Alan Grimes speaks up and is like but but
Jack said that there aren't fish in the lake.
Yeah, probably cuz this thing ate him.
Charles Digby gets or maybe so we didn't catch this thing.
He gets a little no-putt out and does a little some little
Scribbies Zach just smiled like I was right.
We need to go fishing for a fish man.
Is a is Angela in the room?
No, hmm.
Wait, where's Angela?
Where's your wife?
She's probably smoking a joint because she's cool Angela.
She's right.
Oh and it and Angie Angie.
How many tapes have Angela written on them?
You guys actually immediately thereafter stumble upon a group.
The names are Charles Digby Roger Fairfield Alan Grimes
Walter Grimes and Martin Cupertino.
How many of each of those names?
More than four.
Did you say there was hundreds with Jack Russell?
Yeah.
Yeah, the ones in my cabin were like from the 580s.
Wow, your group has maybe 12.
Well, it seems like we've been repeating this experience for
not as long as say poor Jack Russell.
What do you what do you mean repeat repeating?
What is that?
I mean, doesn't that seem like what's going on here?
Have you been here before?
Haven't we look we've been here 12 times.
How did you come to that?
Why would that be a thing that you think of?
I mean remember like just a second ago when we were all
running for our lives in the canoe and then a second before
that when we were here at our first day.
Is that how it would feel to us?
All the memories are starting to just swirl together.
I remember the boats of Charles.
We were in a boat together.
That was yeah, I think was that that did I mean that happened?
I remember I think I remember remember I did it.
I don't know Charles Digby is very fucked up right now.
It doesn't make sense.
Look at look at the tapes.
There's a Martin here.
Who's who's Martin Cupertino?
I'm Martin Cupertino.
Yeah, that's right.
You're the Martin Cupertino Silicon Valley.
Philip billionaire.
What a billionaire.
It's a toy.
That's a term I coined myself.
Would Roger have knowledge of that name and that person?
I think everyone would Oh ever used email.
I've heard of this.
Yeah, it sounds very futuristic.
It's very lucrative as are the other things my company develops
but wait, why did you tell us that your name was Bradley Cooper?
I don't I'm a celebrity at a health resort.
I was trying to pick a non-famous inconspicuous name.
And Bradley Cooper seems like a pretty standard, you know,
boring white guys name for boring definitely mid-90s.
Very boring picked a great name.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I hate that name.
I think I think he's charming but yeah, maybe he's a little
limited in his range.
But he does what he does.
Right.
Yeah, I mean fun.
He was a raccoon guy.
That's some rain.
Just like Vin Diesel's a tree anyway.
We're launching our next big product Cube.
You guys will own one soon.
You'll have to what does it do?
What doesn't it do?
Not much.
It doesn't not do much because it does nearly everything.
Do you like your Walkman?
Do you all like the Walkman that you own?
I do sure.
Yeah, well, it'll do that but email to and other things spreadsheets.
Yeah, you know what a personal computer is, right?
Yeah.
This is that but it looks like a jellybean kind of it's real
fanciful.
Can it fax?
No, that's a fax machine.
Oh dang, so it doesn't do everything.
It doesn't do what is no longer needed.
Listen, if people would adapt to do Technologies when they
come out, we wouldn't be burdened with this inefficiency
that plagues our system people would get things done.
They would have the answers to all of life's problems in
their hands.
That's why I'm here.
I'm trying to figure this out for all of you fucking people
in this world, but if it can't fax, I mean speaking of Technologies
is adopting Luke roll luck on a 50 to see if you have a cassette
Walkman with I don't bummer town.
That would have been fun.
I I go over to Alan and whisper in his ear.
Am I cube?
You can fax.
Okay, wait.
So the boy is a machine.
He's a weird machine boy.
No, yeah, I whispered that in his ear.
She didn't hear it.
Roll it in Thomas.
Seven you heard it you there boy.
Why'd you say that?
Are you some kind of machine boy?
He's just a boy.
I'm just a boy a mechanical boy.
He's just a boy.
Yeah, I know you think that I see a very smart bright man
who has a great feature ahead of him roll humid.
23 he's fucking lying.
Oh, you're lying.
He's not a boy.
He's a mechanical boy.
So Roger at not having heard the whisper mechanical boy.
What my start I start like looking you up and down and
I'm like we have to integrate this into Cube my Walter's
face looks like it's crying but oil comes out.
Yeah.
No, it's just this nothing sailing solution.
Nothing.
Nothing comes out.
He's just crying dry cry.
Try cry.
I'm trying to hide it.
But is it ugly?
Well Walter, you could be the most important boy on the
face of this planet Solomon and quite feel a little bad.
Now Angela Angie, where did she where did she go?
Hey, I think she's not here.
I put my hand on her shoulder.
I'm like calm down.
We need to figure this out.
I just want to know where my wife is.
I Angela's name was not in our batch, right?
It was not not in the budget are collected tapes.
That is correct.
Hey Angela's name isn't here.
Is there any other machinery around here consoles any kind
of shelves on shelves baby on shelves and just white light
underneath can I can I look around Jack Russell's cubbyhole?
Are there other names there that we would know Jack Russell
has two full shelves like all to himself standing next to
each other but then past that it's all the same as normal
but I was getting at it since our names are all grouped
together.
I wondered if he was grouped together with somebody that
he is close to or something seemingly not.
Okay.
I want to grab one of the tapes.
Do they have any like titles or anything on her?
Is it just our names and numbers names and numbers?
Is there a brand on the cassette?
Oh, there's just a symbol.
It's a circle with six smaller circles surrounding it dope.
I don't know what that means.
Use my detective instance circle seems smart like it's a
circle of knowing things to be known.
I knew I'd make you be foolish corner room and it was
right you made me crazy baby this is real life
I think
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
