Greetings my disciples, it is your leader in prayer and song, Wolf the Dog, and I am
here to preach the good word about all the happenings in this silly thing we call life.
I'm also here to tell y'all about how to attain true salvation and get y'all into dumps to
meet heaven.
The one true secret to life and happiness is...
Oh wait, before that we got a show to run here y'all, apologies.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf comes from Doug Blake, who recommended pretending to be people
on Facebook.
I mean, this week's Howlin' with Wolf is an Ari Manstein event review by ZomBenny2099.
The location for this event could not have been better, set among the classically themed
mausoleum littered venue that is the city cemetery.
The Samba Stone family plots lent a sense of reverence that most crawfish boils sadly
lack these days.
Upon my arrival I was instantly hit with sweet and savory smells that reaffirmed my hopes
that this would be a boil to remember.
But alas, the only thing I will remember is my disappointment.
First and foremost the service was terrible, there weren't even any eating utensils provided.
I actually witnessed a hip, well dressed young man, obviously from the city, resort to eatin'
straight from the pot as no one came to serve him.
Needless to say, I never actually got to taste any crawfish.
Equally as disappointing, the music was nonsensical.
I'm as down with new age music as the next city dweller, but this was just weird gibberish
that seemed to last forever and yet was over as soon as it began.
I was not alone in thinking this as several frustrated diners shot the DJ.
It was around this time that I took my leave, disappointed and hungry.
Still, all things considered, not the worst crawfish boil I've been to, two and a half
stars out of five.
You know, Wolf ain't never been to a crawfish boil that didn't have some kinda crazy shit
go down.
But all that crazy shit always leads to a massive reward at the end of the night when
they dump out all them shells into the trash, a treasure trove of candy red exoskeletons
discarded by the masses, all so your old little old wolf can take a Scrooge McDuck
dive into them, swimmin' around gettin' my fill with my mouth wide open.
That is the kinda spicy bug I like to eat.
So anyway, you need to remember, if you wanna write up somethin' for your wolf to how, tag
at PretendingPod on Instagram or Twitter, tag PretendingToBePeople on Facebook, or write
a five-star review and email us at PretendingPod at Gmail.com.
You are due to get bruised and lose your shoes if you choose to snooze on the news, baby.
Keith Vigna was shoved into a secret room in Jim Cook's house.
Clark Bishop found a well-worn VHS tape of his parents playing Wheel of Fortune and winning
a honeymoon.
John Lee Pettymore found an envelope with a letter from Jim Cook alongside three folders
outlining three different operations.
The group recovered at a walk-in clinic before toolin' up and enterin' Marvin Glass's playground
through a trap door like great in an alleyway.
Speaking of playgrounds, I hear those PretendingToBePeople boys are gonna be playin' around and loitering
on Twitch this Friday.
They can be found at twitch.tv slash pretendingpodstreams.
I hear one of those boys might sound a lot like me.
Yeah, right, that'd be crazy, y'all.
Aw, hell yeah, the thought of those boys streamin' has Wolf's face beamin'.
But until then, I'll keep dreamin' and dreamin' of incessant screamin'.
It's Kudzu with no backbone.
Let it pop, pop, pop, pop, in your butthole pop.
Put all the poppers in your butthole now.
Put them up there and lick them real good.
Let me get that popper.
Make it a spicy butthole.
Spicy butthole in my pants.
Spicy butthole does my dance.
I like dancing with my butt.
You will like me when I strut.
Strut.
Oh!
Luke, what'd you do for your birthday?
I literally woke up, sat on my couch, smoked weed all day, and watched Twitch.
Nice.
What'd you watch on Twitch?
I watched, well, at 8 p.m. is when Lord Caboon plays Grand Theft Auto roleplay.
So I watched that from about 8 p.m. until 3 in the morning.
That's Mr. Chang.
That's Mr. Chang.
He's my favorite.
The voice is a fun character.
Anyway, he's also, I think, the most watched Grand Theft Auto roleplayer on Twitch.
He's a lot of fun.
Anyway, I did that, and I also watched.
It is a lot of fun.
I watched a movie called About Time.
Oh yeah, with Donal Gleason.
Is that his name?
That's Brendan Gleason's son.
No way.
Yeah, Matt I. Moody's son.
Which I didn't know for a long time.
Oh yeah, because he's also in a couple, or maybe one Black Mirror episode.
The fucking fairytale.
Yeah.
But no, it was an enjoyable movie, cheesy at times, but I also love Rachel McAdams.
Oh yeah.
And I forgot, well, didn't forget, but Margot Robbie was in it as well.
Oh, I didn't remember that.
Isn't Bill Nye the dad in that?
Is that how you say his name?
Wait.
I think it's Nye.
Nye.
Oh, I thought you said Bill Nye.
I'm like, no.
Bill Nye, the British guy.
Yeah, no.
I very much enjoyed it.
Bill Nye.
And before I watched About Time, I watched.
Peach, Bill Nye.
I watched some Chef's Table, and I watched a guy play this survival game, I don't remember,
something dark.
Long Winter or something like that?
The Long Dark is what it was called.
The Long Dark.
Nice.
But yeah, I ordered Postmates slash Uber Eats twice.
Oh wow.
Yeah.
Fucking birthday baby.
Yeah, you really hit it up.
And I was thinking about going to Cherry Picker later in the night, and I was like, you know
what?
Fuck it.
I'm literally not going to change out of my pajamas.
I had a great time.
Hell yeah.
Well, heck yeah.
And you can finally vote.
I can finally vote now.
Yeah, listeners, Luke is legal.
You can vote at 16 in Missouri.
Yeah.
We've been trotting out this jail bait for you, but Lukey boys are all grown up.
When I was younger, I leaned very much to the left, but you know, my parents, a lot
of older people say like, once you get older, you'll be more conservative.
And yesterday I woke up and I was like, damn, I kind of want to vote for Donald Trump today.
Oh my God.
Well that's legitimately horrifying.
Happy birthday.
Yeah, thank you very much.
No, that'll never happen.
Listeners, I'm kidding.
Happy birthday.
Unless you like Donald Trump, then give us more of your money.
Yeah.
Pledge to us, not him.
So, uh, Joe, when Joe got into the home today, he opened up the fridge to grab one of the
beers that he brought.
And then he just started giggling like a madman.
I bought myself some long neck Coronas.
It turns out they weren't all long.
I had somehow bought the seven ounce Corona bottles that for some reason look like long
necks coming out of the top of the six pack, but they just got little stubby bottle bottoms.
Why did they make those?
For the light drinker?
I guess.
I don't know.
Well, wow.
It's for kids.
Well, I mean, what is the drinking age in Mexico?
21.
No, it's, I drank when I was like 14 there.
That's so cool.
Like two years ago.
Yeah.
I went to the swim up bar and I was like, I like, whatever that drink is, it looks good.
And it was like a, like a mudslide or a white Russian or something.
And I drink and I was like, tastes good, but kind of bad.
And then my dad was like, what the fuck are you like?
I didn't do it on purpose, but she didn't get a boner in the pool and that's why you
don't like big mouth.
All right.
So I forgot about that.
I mean, I don't hate it, but I mean, I've only, I've only seen like, all right, so let's
get into this episode 39.
That's a big number.
We're almost to a, almost a 30, 30 more to go.
We're almost at, if you listen to us, you could have worked an entire work week, but
instead you enjoyed it with us.
So let's kick it off the bat.
You guys were, I believe, falling through the, the grate in front of the dirty dog grooming.
Is that correct?
The giant building downtown that, you know, is the glass compound or some cool flowers
around.
Absolutely.
Maybe the last time you'll ever see flowers, you know, as you guys are falling, let's go
ahead.
And as you head into the den of sin, as you've been calling it, let's do it.
You called it that.
Yeah.
I certainly did.
As you guys have been calling it, we called it that because you learned it from watching
you.
And as you guys are falling, let's, let's do an equipment check.
Let's see what you guys have on you.
Who wants to start last episode?
I just bought, or I bought three pistols altogether.
I've got two in the waistband and one in my boot.
And then a John Lee Pettymore bought us all a couple of flash grenades, a couple of regular
grenades and a couple of smoke grenades.
Cool.
And you're also wearing an old school contention, police officers uniform.
Correct.
Anything else on you?
I might have one more pistol.
I guess I would still have the one that Maggie gave me to take out, you can have four on
you if you want.
It's a lot of pistols.
Yeah, sure.
All right.
Tell me if it's too meta, but I have giant pockets in my giant shorts.
I don't know.
Maybe I should be carrying your guns at first now.
That's fine.
I hate it.
If I would've thought about it last episode, I would have said it.
He throws it to you while you're falling midair.
Okay.
So what do you have on you Luke?
I have my small but powerful pistol, two frag grenades, two flash grenades, two smoke grenades.
And then on my back I have the giant fully auto machine gun.
Two ARs welded together.
Basically.
Cold fusion gun.
It's like a double neck guitar, but a gun.
That's fucking awesome.
What a great description.
It's balling.
And then, well, I'll ask this later.
And Thomas, what do you have on you?
What does John Lee, Kevin Pettimore have on you?
He's got his robot body.
He's got body armor on top of that.
All the grenades, same as the others.
He's got a powerful pistol with a large magazine and a semi-automatic shotgun.
Absolutely.
Armed to the veritable teeth.
To the veritable teeth indeed, my good sir.
Joe and I were talking.
I think maybe we should say what our health points are before we start, just so the listener
knows.
I think that's really smart.
Let's get a rundown of your health and your sanity.
I am currently at 16 hit points.
I had a maximum of 26 and my current sanity is at 18 with a breaking point at six.
I have 25 out of 25 hit points and my sanity is at 11 with a breaking point of eight.
All right.
That's 19 of 20 hit points and my sanity is at 18.
Good.
Pretty good sanity.
Yeah.
All right.
Does anyone have any final words?
We're here to eat ass and kill bubblegum and we're all out of bubblegum.
You know how that trap door opened at the last episode?
Clark clings to the edge, pulls himself up and leaves.
He just goes back to his house, watches Wheel of Fortune until he dies, until the end of
the world.
It starts out with all of us going, three Wilhelm screams.
Also while we were spot on, I forgot to add while we were at a, unbeknownst to pretty
much anybody at the gun shop, I had filled some of one of the cargo pants.
I went over to the bait shop of the, of the gun store and filled one of my pockets up
with a catfish food.
Oh, very small.
Why catfish?
Have you ever seen catfish food?
It's like real mushy and super stinky.
Is that what you cover your arm with?
Yeah.
Have you ever gone noodling?
I think I might have told this story once, but I went with my dad or my uncle.
We went gigging and noodling one day.
Giggings fun.
You get to eat some frog legs.
Noodling sucks because a catfish bites your fucking arm and that's how you catch it.
So yeah, that sounds like garbage.
Yeah, I'll definitely allow that.
You're supposed to use your dick.
Oh, mine's not big enough.
It's recreation.
Boom.
I can only fold it in half once.
Call back.
Eight times if you really tried.
Uh, anyway, yeah, so I do have that.
As you fall downward into darkness, you almost immediately feel your body's slow and begin
to float gently like you're just hanging weightless in vast nothingness.
And then abruptly a bright light covers your entire field of vision and huge words appear
in front of you in a spray painted font as a rumbling voice reads the massive tag that
says, welcome to the scrap it.
What you can only assume is the biggest Omnimax screen of all time fades to black and a video
begins to play.
It looks to be the inside of an enormous arena made of glass.
In the background, hundreds of screaming spectators in the foreground, a hole begins to form in
the floor and a shadowy form begins to emerge.
But before this person can even hit the lights of the arena, a giant metal tentacle erupts
into view, gripping the humanoid being and ripping it out of frame.
The screen fades to black and you feel your feet touch the ground, your weight coming
back down into your bodies.
You all are standing in a cube of a room 20 feet across, made almost entirely of the oily
obsidian you have previously seen in this building.
It is disorienting.
Across the room is a mouth of a concrete cave with the logo for the scrap pit spray painted
above its entrance.
To your left are two guards standing in front of a red, deep buttoned plush door.
The guards are in full brown jumpsuits.
They each have a large scythe strapped to their backs and the blade of each scythe is
shaped like an enormous fish hook.
A closer look reveals these men have unnatural matching faces.
Their eyes are far apart, almost on either side of their face.
Their noses do not jut out but are rather two slits above their two wide thick lipped
mouths and they have a few flaps on either side of their necks.
They turn and upon seeing you, press a button that lights up green and they move out of
the way to either side of the gaudy door.
What do you do?
Noodle them, Keith.
I think we just go, I think, I think, uh, I think we just go right through that door.
We do a little noodle and nod over at them and then we go right past.
Clark wants to look up.
Can I see where we came from or is it, is it a closed space that we fell from?
It is just darkness above you.
What do we see through the doors?
Through the doors is a, another smaller room made completely out of the same oily black
material.
I just feel like we're going to walk into another Marvin Glass stadium.
I mean, I don't really have any other options at this point.
I think we go through the gaudy doors and I mean they hit the green button.
Gotta be better than a hypothetical red button.
Can I see what you guys are picturing?
How are you arranged right now?
Are you two backing him already?
Do you have, he's in the middle and we're escorting them and I on either side.
He's got a gun wound that we literally gave him and I think we're just maybe have your
hands behind your back, but not like cuffed or anything.
And we're like, and we glued dog fur all over him, so he looks real Chewbacca.
But I think we just, we look like he's our prisoner and we're walking him.
I'll keep maybe a sullen head down kind of look on me the whole time.
I like you best when you look like that.
All right, so you guys march him into the, I might emphasize my limp even like look real
wounded and I'm non-threatening, but they've got me handily.
These total fish men absolutely pay attention to your hobble.
You guys march Clark Bishop into this room and the room's interior walls, floor and ceiling
are the same beautiful like onyx obsidian reflector and the door closes behind you.
There's nothing, just the shimmering black mirror on all six sides.
And then you feel the room begin to move.
Who has the lowest luck?
I have 35.
I got 60.
I've got 20.
All righty.
Thomas, go ahead and roll luck for me.
All right.
I'm going to use these dice that Joe got me for the first time.
Nice.
Hope they serve you well.
I'm going to open mine up too.
Oh, okay.
93.
All right.
That's my fault.
I'm so sorry.
Son of a bitch.
I loaded you up.
I'm so sorry.
That's my fault.
I'm so sorry.
Son of a bitch.
I loaded your guys' dice.
I'm the only one getting out of here alive.
I'm going to win.
I'm not going to win.
It's a me, Joe-io.
Wildy Joe.
One of the walls opens, and you are looking into this dark room lit by two lanterns on
either side of the room that have open flames coming from them.
Right in front of you, there are six individuals passed out all in their underwear.
Most are pretty rough-looking young children, and one is Oz, Mayhem, Wolf.
They are all unconscious as a group of what I can only describe as grandmothers.
They are older women.
They are all dressed in long skirts and cardigans, and they have their hair up in tight little
buns like Aunt B. How about that?
They are all humming and walking in a strange pattern around this room, pouring a strange
liquid into the mouths of these six passed out individuals.
Real quick, I just need all of you to roll Sanity for me.
Fail.
38.
Oh my god, I passed 14 on an 18.
Fuck.
I rolled a 33.
Crit fail.
Yeah.
Keith Vigna and Thomas John Lee Pettymore both lose one Sanity, and for this, Joe, I'm
going to have you just take your headphones off and plug your ear holes.
Okay.
And don't read our lips.
This is the first time we've mentioned Joe's embarrassing ear holes instead of ears.
He just has these weird, like a Voldemort-like sucky-
I'm nervous about all the laughter I'm seeing around the room.
He really plugged them.
His mom is a rhino.
Yeah, they are rhino ears.
So as you guys are looking into this room, the two of you see two ethereal spirits that
are hanging above these grandmothers, and one is a black dog and the other is a red
lion, and they are weaving in and out of these grandmothers as they're walking and pouring
this liquid into the mouths of the passed out individuals, and these spirits are diving
in and out of the bodies that are lying in front of you.
Does there seem to be any connection between their movements or who they're diving into
and who the grandmas are giving what it is?
Absolutely.
Okay.
Joe, you can come back now.
I saw some hand gestures coming from Zach over there, and I turned away real quick just
to make sure I wouldn't glean anything from the beautiful sign language you're providing.
Well, they say that you can put mute on a good story and still know what's happening,
but I don't know if that would work for this medium.
Not for this medium.
I don't know, listeners.
Give it a shot.
I am disturbed, and I look at Kevin John, who's like wide-eyed.
What the fuck was that?
I don't know, man.
As you guys are staring at each other, one of the elderly women just walks into the room
with you, and the door shuts behind her, and she just turns to face the door and stands
there.
Blergeith.
I don't say anything.
I just stand there hoping that this elevator goes to someone we can talk to.
It continues moving, and she turns around to the two of you.
Oh, do you have a prisoner?
We do.
Yes.
What did he do?
He betrayed Marvin Glass.
Well, that is not a good idea, young sir, she says to Clark Bishop.
That's why we brought him here.
He needs to be punished.
Well, we'll certainly make sure that he's punished, won't we?
I hope so.
You better.
But we'd like, yeah, we'd like to tell- We need him for a while first, though.
We need to tell somebody higher up, well, I was, I don't know who you are, but if you
could get us to somebody, I was tasked with a major-
He's new.
I was tasked with something major for Marvin, and he got in my way and made that task impossible.
Oh, I'm sure you were, honey.
This is Keith Vigna.
He's going to be around working for us for a while, why don't you go ahead and introduce
yourself?
Oh, hi Keith.
Kevin, thank you for making me aware of not introducing myself, I'm so sorry, that's such
rude manners of mine.
Keith Vigna, my name is Ursula, it's very nice to meet you, Ursula Oscythe, it's very
nice to meet you.
It's nice to meet you as well, I can't look, or I am looking forward to working with you
in the future.
Ursula, you could say it better than me, why don't you tell Keith a little bit about what
you and the others like you do here?
Oh, well of course, yeah, welcome.
So basically what we do is we carry on a very old tradition of making sure that the sacrifices
are ready to be useful.
And how do you go about that?
As you well know, it's a long drawn out process of lots of ingredients and lots of words and
lots of specific directions and maths, but after some time we're able to put together
a nice sort of change of blood for those that we bathe in our fun time juice.
Oh, I think I've heard of, Kevin's been telling me about, it sounds like a fun time, you know,
all around.
It is, it absolutely is.
And I know that you seem to be looking for someone to speak to, Keith Vigna, is that
right?
Well, I had spoken with Marvin just earlier today and I was supposed to do something for
him and I need to talk with him and let him know what happened and ask him what I can
do next.
The door begins to open and she says, well, I'm sure you're going exactly where you need
to.
Nice to meet you.
And then motions for you to get off the elevator.
Have a good one, Ursula.
Good to see you, Kevin.
And then I think in my head, we're probably supposed to get off here.
Yeah, Keith.
Yeah.
Yeah, you get out.
Let's do it.
Let's do that.
Get the fuck out of the elevator.
I didn't say it out loud.
This is my elevator now.
She was totally hitting on me, right?
Dude, did you see the way she looked at you?
That was weird.
Wow.
She's kind of old, but she's not that bad looking.
Ursula, it's not maybe the name I would pick.
All that torturing kept her fit.
Okay.
We walk off the elevator.
You guys are still having this conversation and the camera zooms out and you are in a
massive room.
The door is already shut behind you and this room is dark and it is damp and you smell,
you know that like that kind of YMCA kind of aquarium kind of smell going on?
Nasty chlorine.
Yes.
It is endless and it smells fucking terrible and also extremely fishy.
If there was a place to do noodling, it would be here.
Get your arm ready.
Looking out, you see that there is a grid of catwalks that are absolutely infinite going
away from you.
Above them is a light fog and this is all hanging over dark greenish murky water below.
It's open water below us.
It is open water below you and in the squares of the grid in the opening where the catwalks
are not covering, hanging from the foggy darkness above are rusty moss covered chains.
Now some of the chains are just hanging like 10 feet out of the water and some of the chains
go all the way in the water.
In the distance, you see that a handful of these have people hanging from them.
Are they alive or are they corpses?
They are small in your view.
They're far away.
No, they're small.
They're just tiny people.
I mean, I've seen one of those.
They're hanging at the bottom of the chains.
Still above the water.
Above the water.
Still well above the water.
Gotcha.
Yes.
This is spooky.
Let's keep moving.
Dude, that's a really cool image.
I just picture that so well in my brain and it's creepy and kind of beautiful in a weird
way.
Green fog, like on a swampy.
I mean, you said they're far away, but can we see movement from any of them that are
hanging?
Yeah.
And let's go ahead and roll alertness for me or search depending.
You can each roll on this one.
I'll give it to you.
Sixteen on a 60 for alertness.
Forty one on a 70 for alertness.
I got a 38 on 60 for alertness.
All right.
Did we all pass?
Mm-hmm.
Nice.
Group success.
We're alert as fuck.
You guys get to see everything.
Oh, you guys get to see everything.
Is that still Ursula talking?
Only for Kevin.
So you see there is only one guard in sight and it is one of these unnatural looking fish
men wearing a brown jumpsuit.
You also hear three voices in the unseen darkness across the enormous chamber.
And because you guys rolled so well, you're going to recognize the voices that you hear.
Keith, one of them is Francis Beans.
My niece.
Your niece.
The other two are voices that you guys haven't heard in a while.
It is Kathy and George Piston.
Oh.
Wow.
It's been a while.
Days even.
Now, if you'll remember Kathy and George Piston, George is Leo's brother, Leo Piston, and they
run the Piston Pig Farm and the Piston Junkyard.
Keith spent some time out there.
I believe Kathy shot him in the foot.
She did.
I got to take a little trip on her school bus.
Yeah, which was full of about a hundred homeless people.
Yeah.
It was also that junkyard that kind of started us on this entire path where there was a body
that showed up there.
Absolutely.
Where'd your pencil go?
I just dropped it right down there.
Real fast, Keith, what was your brother's name?
Yeah, real fast, Keith.
What was your brother's name?
Was it not Francis?
No, Francis was my niece.
Fucking what was that?
Some knew him.
It has something to do with beans.
Oh, I know what it is.
I know what it is.
It's Fergie.
Fergie.
I was thinking it was Francis.
Go back and look at all the beans names.
There's a pattern there.
So yeah, Fergie makes sense.
Sorry.
Can we hear what they're saying?
You are a little bit too far away from them right now to actually hear what they're saying,
but you just recognize the tenor of their voices.
So we don't have eyes on them?
You can kind of see outlines that would help you realize who they were.
They are like 200 yards away from you.
There is some sort of light source in here.
It's not pitch black at all.
It is not.
No, there is some unseen light source.
Are they like in front of us or do they come from?
Yeah, they're in front of you.
As far as we can tell from here, are they just standing on a random catwalk or is there
something near them that they're maybe congregated near?
Well, it seems like based on those great roles that Francis Beans is standing on a catwalk.
Kathy and George Piston are both hanging.
Gotcha.
Oh wow.
Oh.
This is fucking cool.
I like whispered, do you guys want to, I mean, want to just approach them?
Is it just in front of us that we can walk or can we take other paths?
It's a big old grid, baby.
John, do you know where we are if you've been in here before?
No, unfortunately not.
Do you guys want to go straight at Francis?
We can just like push her over the rail.
I mean, yeah, we could.
One down.
Let her sleep with the fishmen.
We try to get around her, but I don't want to get lost in this place.
We might go talk to Francis, see if she can lead us.
That's true.
We could, if she starts to get violent, we can just three versus one.
She's a little girl.
Just throwing it out there.
We could also wait for her to leave and follow her.
Follow and also maybe rescue Kathy and George and have another, have an army with us.
I don't know.
But maybe also fuck these pistons.
Yeah.
That's also true.
I don't know what it would be to go talk to her, but we can also wait until she leaves
and try to follow her where she's going.
What do you guys think?
I'll do whatever you guys want.
I'm the prisoner right now.
But not in real life.
You can't have that mindset.
Oh man, we've already lost.
It's like when you were a kid and you were trying to get out of school, so you acted
sick, but acting sick made you feel bad.
And then you just wasted a day.
I just mean you guys captured me fair and square and I don't know.
I'm your prisoner, dammit.
I think we should just go, let's go talk to her.
Let's go talk to her.
Worst case scenario, we push her into one of these feed and fish tanks.
Just say, Hey, uh, Hey Frankie.
Uh, well let's, let's walk up and get closer to her.
I say that.
I say, Hey Frankie.
As you guys are walking down the catwalk, you would see you're getting into a section
where there are more people hanging.
Most of them are unconscious and they are all hanging from a fish hook that is going
through their crossed forearms.
So their arms are crossed and through the spot where they are crossing, there is a fish
hook going in both forearms.
I kind of awkwardly nod and wave as the people, as we pass, excuse me, sorry, passing through.
Just one of them sees Kevin and he's like, fuck you, you devil.
Every single mess you've ever made in your life is one more thing that's taken you closer
to hell fire and brimstone.
You absolute piece of devil witch garbage.
I get right up in his face and I say, yeah, I'm going to hell and I'll see you there.
And then I'd poke him in the eye.
Ow, ow, fuck, ow, shit, do you have any eye drops?
As you guys continue, you do see that one of the...
Can I scan other faces?
Is there anybody else here that I recognize or no?
Yeah, as you scan the rest of the faces, you do recognize the body of agent Trent Chad
also hanging from one of these fish hooks and his eyes rise up to meet yours and he
freaks the fuck out.
What?
What?
You guys were, you're dead, you're fucking dead.
He looks at Keith Vigna and Clark Bishop and he's like, what the absolute fuck happened?
The last time I saw you, you, you, you, and, and now you're...
And he kind of notices that Keith is walking a prisoner, Clark Bishop with Kevin.
He's like, you're working with these fucking assholes now?
What is wrong with you?
I stick my tongue out at him and go, wow, have fun DM.
I have absolutely no words for the wretch that you have become.
I say sayonara bitch and then we keep walking.
I want to shoot him a wink.
You can definitely wink at him.
I shoot him a wink.
Does he react at all?
He spits it, Keith.
I keep looking forward.
All right.
As you guys are going, you can hear Francis beans.
All right.
So like, seriously, I'm only going to ask you like one more time.
Who started the fucking outbreak in contention?
Who did it?
Kathy piston spits.
I told you, I don't know what that means.
I don't know what that means.
Where?
Okay, like where is the residue collecting then?
Like you've been in contention this whole time.
So like, just fucking tell me, is the residue collecting in any specific spot?
Kathy is shaking her head and she's like, I, I, and you see that Francis beans has a
lever and she is slowly lowering George piston toward this water.
George begins actually whimpering as he's lowered towards this water and Kathy looks
over at him and she's like, no, for real.
I don't know what residue you're talking about.
I don't know where it would be collecting.
I, I just, I don't think I have any of the answers that you're, and she gets cut off
by Francis again.
Who's like, yeah.
Okay.
Like seriously though, what is the circle of knowledge use the people for?
You of all people should fucking know that.
And Kathy just spits at her client confidentiality and then Francis says, all right, well, or
she's making fun of her.
Yeah.
She's mocking her.
She's mocking her whale.
Have you seen any of them silver spares?
Francis says, were they, uh, like, you know, at the circle or were they in contention?
Have you ever seen any of these things?
And Kathy's just lowers her head.
I'm not gonna George, George, I love you.
I love you.
And George is being dipped slowly into the water and as his feet touch, he starts moaning
out.
He's like, no Lord, please God, if you're out there, I would be willing if you did me
a service right now and just let me.
And Francis is laughing maniacally as she's slowly lowering it.
And if you guys are still walking, you're approaching right now.
Wow.
Yeah, you do.
I don't do anything yet, but there's still part of my brain that was a police officer
that makes me just want to fucking stop this immediately.
I'm trying to get her attention and Francis turns around and the lever stops.
So George is feeder in the water.
She turns around and she's like, Kevin, Oh, God damn it.
Nope.
What?
Just talk like you normally do.
Yeah.
You know what your normal voice.
Here's act with.
Keith fucking Figna, if it isn't you and your new best friend, Kevin, and I see we have
company finally, wait, what the fuck is he doing here?
You were in the room when Marvin told me to, uh, bring Stan Manstein back, right?
Yeah.
He killed Stan Manstein.
What the fuck?
So we're bringing him to Marvin to have a little conversation, try to figure out what
we can do if we can, you know, I just, I didn't want to come back empty handed.
So I brought you something.
All right.
Well, like you were sent down here, weren't you?
Yeah.
Okay.
Then like, I guess hang him up and we'll talk to him now.
Give me a second.
I'm trying to get something good out of these fucking contentioners.
God damn it.
Francis.
Marvin told me he needs to see you upstairs when that's a loose end.
I'm sorry.
Go about your business.
Wait, like what's the loose end?
Like when did he tell you that leaving?
I'm sorry.
I'm a little confused the past few days, but uh, the loose end I was talking about was
you leaving him here dangling, not tortured.
You should torture him a little more.
Roll persuade for me there, Thomas 37 on a 60 very nice.
I think you're right.
I think we should hang him up right now and fucking torture him until he starts talking.
So like, uh, just hold on.
Just hold on right there.
I'm seriously, I'm deadly in the middle of something right now.
And she begins lowering George.
I use my metal hand to whack her in the back of the head and try to knock her out.
Ooh, doggy.
All right.
Uh, you're going to roll unarmed combat against her unarmed combat.
Can I get a plus for my heavy metal hand?
I'll give you a plus to damage for the heavy metal hand.
So I'm rolling a unarmed.
Yep.
It's clearly armed though.
What did she roll?
She rolled a 10.
God damn it.
I rolled an 82 and a 40.
Keith, I'm going to have you roll dexterity.
It's going to be a pretty fucking important dexterity check.
What's your dexterity?
60.
And that's a 90.
Doesn't matter.
It's one 91.
Keith, as you go to whack your niece with your big old metal club hand, she uses your
momentum against you and throws you directly into the water.
God damn it.
Do I, can I do some sort of saving chance to cling onto the side?
That would have been the dexterity that you just rolled and failed.
So as you splash into the water, I need you to roll a sanity check.
Oh, just him?
Just him.
I've failed, but not over my power.
Okay.
26 on him.
Take one sanity damage.
Psychic water.
As you begin fucking panicking at the thought of what is underneath you right now.
Now with that sanity loss, what that reminds you of, do you remember what happened to your
little fish boyfriend, Peter Dieter?
Yes.
You realized that that was an extremely large tank of water.
Just like the one I'm in right now.
Yeah, which is crazy because that means that you are now swimming around with the thing
that you saw inside there.
Are these multiple tanks or one giant tank?
This is one giant tank, baby.
I want to start swimming over to the glass edge of this tank.
Oh, it is not even close.
You can't even see the edge.
I mean, how far above is the catwalk from where I am?
Five feet.
Help me.
Can I, in the confusion of his assail, heaven helps those who help themselves.
Yeah, so we are going to move on.
So Clark actually does get first action.
I would like to finish what Keith tried to do.
I want to try and knock her out.
Okay.
I'm rolling unarmed.
Hell yeah.
I rolled a six on a 70.
Describe what you would like to do.
Well, when Keith went for her and swung wide or whatever happened there, I just seized
that opportunity because she wouldn't have been looking at the prisoner and I just walk
up and wallop her.
It's just a straight punch to the side of her head.
Alrighty.
Go ahead and roll a D6 for damage here.
It's a two.
Alrighty.
You punch her in the head.
Jon, what are you doing?
I would like to use law to try and handcuff her.
Love it.
So you go to handcuff her.
Roll that law check for me.
Fuck.
94 on a 50.
So you go to hand.
Okay.
You guys curse dice.
So you guys are all standing there and Keith goes to swing at her.
She uses his momentum against him and throws him into the water below.
Clark goes swings, punches her, makes a connection as Jon goes around the back and tries to get
her hands in handcuffs.
She wriggles out of his grasp and she kind of backs away and she goes to take off running.
She's going to run toward where you guys came from.
And it is Keith's turn.
What are you doing?
I pull the big, huge gun off my back and I try to use the magazine clips to reach up
to the catwalk and, you know, kind of hike it in there and pull myself up out of the
water.
That's super cool.
That's very smart.
So I'm going to have you roll athletics in order to kick your legs hard enough to lift
your body out of the water enough.
Fucking shit.
Oh boy.
It's a crit fail.
55 on a 50.
Oh damn.
Right there.
I'm going to use different dice.
Keith, as you move your gun into position, the clip lodges itself into the catwalk and
you accidentally click, I'm guessing, a button on a gun that makes a clip pop out and then
the gun slips out of your hands and falls into the water out of your...
It's strapped on my back though.
You rolled a crit fail.
And you took it off your back too.
I like where your head's at, but you done fucked up and you lost your gun.
It's in the water and it is floating down into the darkness past where you can see.
You can barely see your feet in this murky, dark green water.
And above you, this clip is lodged into the catwalk.
Clark, it is your turn.
I'm going to rush her again.
Okay.
She is running away from you currently.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot she was running away.
Do you want to chase after her?
Yeah.
What kind of role would I need for that?
Do I have a run skill?
You would be, well, just tell me what you're going to do and then we'll figure it out from
there.
Well, okay.
The problem is that...
What would Clark do?
You can look at your athletics to know how well you'd hold up in a race.
I've got an idea of what Jon would do that wouldn't take any time or action away from
his turn.
I just want to shout at her.
Know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to turn and help Keith out of the pool.
Yeah.
Take that free action and go ahead and holler.
Francis!
Francis!
The blood just got riled up.
You know, family.
And he's just, you know, he was just trying to wrestle around.
Get back here.
You've got torturing to do.
All right.
So let's get that roll.
How are you helping Keith out of the pool?
I'll lay belly on the catwalk and reach my hands down toward him.
All right.
Keith, I'm going to have you roll luck for a timing situation here.
Nope.
54 and a 35.
Amazing.
And Thomas, do you want to do anything else with your turn here?
Can I do a persuade roll on yelling at her?
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah.
51 on a 60.
All righty.
And she rolled a 98 to try to fight your persuade.
And so she stops and she turns around.
She's like, crushed her in my mind vice.
She's like, God damn it, Kevin, you know how much I like really like torturing.
Yeah.
And you know Keith's an idiot.
Why don't you come, you know, look, he's in this water.
Come get him, help get him out and then you can torture.
As she's running back toward you, she's yelling at you and she's like, get your prisoner,
handcuff him.
And so you, your attempt to handcuff her was so piss poor that she didn't even realize
you were trying to handcuff her.
And so she's now telling you to get ahold of the prisoner that you had.
Right.
The person I just tried to handcuff.
Exactly.
What a persuade roll you had and two in a row.
I'll definitely count all that.
So Keith, I swim over to the chain that George is hanging from.
So smart.
And I try to crawl up him and up onto the chain in order to at least one, get out of
the water, two to try to get to the catwalk.
And with that absolutely dog shit luck roll that you had earlier, that was for the timing
of the whole situation.
And looking down as you hold on to the body of George piston, you feel this movement from
underneath you and you can hear water moving at a rapid pace and looking down, you actually
see the creature.
It is moving so quickly toward you that all of the grime in the water that is in between
you and it is starting to dissipate as it's coming toward you.
And you see a clear picture of one of these mutated fish men.
But like the one that you saw earlier, it looks exactly like the ones in the Brown jumpsuits,
but it is four times larger.
And both of its legs are kind of like welded together like this one giant fin.
It opens its maw and swims up right at you.
Clark it's your turn.
What are you doing?
You're hanging over the side, but Keith swim away from you.
Fuck, I guess I'm standing up.
I heard the exchange about the cuff thing.
And so I'm going to try and play it cool.
I'm just going to stand back up and that's it.
I mean, yeah.
I yell at Francis, he shot in the leg.
He can't get away.
Help me get Keith now.
She begins running up toward you and Kathy Piston is crying.
George Piston is hollering to his God.
Keith Vigna is crawling up the body of George Piston.
Clark Bishop is standing on the catwalk with his hands behind his back.
And Francis beans is running toward Kevin in her eyes.
John Lee Pettymore to try to grab Keith when all of a sudden this giant fish mouth comes
up from in between the catwalk grid and grabs wholly on to George Piston's body, closes
its mouth and dips back into the water.
The fish hook is just hanging right above the water covered in blood.
And there's a giant splash in the water hits all of your feet.
And the four of you stand there in the wake of the disappearance of Keith Vigna and George
Piston.
Oh no.
I bet I could have helped hear more.
How am I the only one trying to fool over How can you have enough trying to get me to
the end?

