Hello my hungry babies, it's your chef Wolf the dog, and I'm here to serve you up some real tasty news grub cooked up right here in contention.
Now don't let the local health inspector know that I cook all my grub with a microwave here at 694.2 PTBP.
A microwave is the only way to get that real good flavor from the rats I catch down here in the basement.
This week Wolf is here to reiterate to y'all that we are going to have a special presentation in a few weeks here on 694.2 PTBP, contention's newest and only radio station.
We're going to broadcast a recap episode with listener Q&A from a podcast called Pretending to be People.
If you have questions for any of the fine people on that show, act quickly, deadline is May 7th at noon Central Time y'all.
And send them to at PretendingPod on Twitter or Instagram, or post them on our Facebook page or the subreddit, or email them to pretendingpod at gmail dot com.
Or go all out, record that audio of you asking your question and send that so they can use it in the episode my babies.
But enough with that which is fictional, it is time for the news.
The officers met back at the contention police station early in the morning of December 5th along with Drew and their new partner in crime Rosemary, an actual member of the Glass crime family.
In the station, an FBI agent named Trent Chad was sorting through contention's paperwork, Clark shot him with a dart and agent Trent Chad became very very impressionable.
With agent Trent Chad's newfound pliability, the officers worked out ways in order to convince the public as well as the feds that the local authorities have everything under control in contention.
But of course y'all, nothing could be further from the truth.
The officers found the cells holding Dr. Marie Jacobs and her cat man to be empty.
Upon checking the security footage, they confirmed the black ooze slammed the two jailbirds into the ground of their cells before disappearing entirely.
Keith blurted out that the camera will be ready to use at 1pm.
They checked the evidence room and saw a single green light beaming from the old glass tube covered radio.
Seems like a pretty shitty radio to me.
Wolf the dog always has the green light and it's always go go go with kudzu's no backbone.
Luke, do you remember the time that me you and Thomas were at **** and he told our server?
There was a logic behind it.
What did you say? I don't remember.
I said you're fat.
Oh, because she was pregnant.
Because she was pregnant. It was an attempted twist on the thing and it didn't work.
Yeah, I immediately felt very weird.
You looked like you wanted to be anywhere else in the world.
I still remember the look of just like as your face fell and her face fell.
And I was just like, oh, fuck.
Oh, God, that was horrible.
In your defense, I can see the train of thought.
I can hear it coming out also.
It was so funny because I used to bet it didn't work.
Yeah, right.
It didn't work because I used to **** with her.
What's her name?
I don't know her name. Thank God.
I would come in there all the time and then I was just like, I just wanted to be like, I am so sorry.
What?
Anyway, just remembering one of my favorite moments.
I just don't speak in public anymore.
That was hilarious, dude.
Okay, let's play this game.
Let's play this game.
Okay, so what we're going to do is because it is, I wrote December 4th.
It's December 5th.
Baby shark.
So because it's a new day, I have personally forgotten many of the rules set up for this campaign when it comes to hit points and willpower.
So what we're going to do is we're going to roll constitution for more hit points.
Cool.
So you guys all get to roll con right now.
Oh, yeah, I'm way low on hit points.
You guys have been fucked up by a lot of different stuff, but mostly that fight with a big robot man.
Yeah, so I've failed.
Okay.
I passed.
Okay.
Do I have to do it for my max or for my current?
Current con.
Oh, sorry.
I did not do current.
Yeah, I got a nine, so yeah.
Why is your constitution different now than-
It's not.
Your con should never-
Oh, yeah, it doesn't change.
I was looking at current hit points.
It doesn't change.
Right, right.
But no, I got a nine on a 70, so.
Okay.
And Thomas failed.
Yeah.
Can I go to the doctor or something?
So John gets one hit point back.
Keith gets one D4.
So you want to roll a D4 if you pass.
Clark, pass or fail?
He passed.
All right.
So you guys both get a D4 hit points.
Fuck.
I just got one.
And I rolled a D4.
Clark gets one.
And Keith gets-
Two.
What's your max, Joe?
Max hit points is 26.
My current is 12.
Oh, word.
You were worse than me.
I'm at eight.
Shit.
I thought I was doing that at 12.
Now I'm at 13.
Yeah, because somebody fell on my face.
I'm the tank now.
Someone fell on my face.
Well, some idiot hadn't been lying in the road.
That's true.
You guys also all had a really rough night.
And when you don't get a full night's sleep, you automatically get reduced to two willpower
points.
Are you kidding me?
Two, two or by two?
To two.
So all of you are now at two willpower.
That's actually not that big a deal for me.
I was at five.
What if my current is one?
Do I go up to two?
So with you-
What the fuck?
We've been playing fast and loose with these willpower points because you're all fucking
addicted to cocaine now.
Oh, yeah.
Mostly, Keith.
But after this morning, me too.
So you're all at two willpower.
Keith, I'm going to go ahead and give you two willpower.
So I'm at two total.
So how this works is you are all-
Sleepy.
Sleepy and completely having basically an emotional breakdown, physical as well.
So you're all going to take a negative 20% to all roles until you either fix your willpower
or do an upper.
How long do we have to sleep to fix our willpower?
Full night's rest.
Not even a cat nap or whatever won't bump it up a few points.
That does make sense because when I'm feeling down and I get even an hour, I do feel better.
You get two or three more hours after that.
Cool.
Let's take a nap.
Would we still be rolling minus 20%?
I don't understand.
No.
So basically you roll at minus 20% on all roles when you either have one or two willpower.
Oh, cool.
Okay.
So if you gain any willpower, you won't be at that negative anymore.
Cool.
Okay.
How's that sound?
Are you sleeping in drugs to gain willpower back?
Different drugs?
Different drugs?
No.
Yeah.
I don't think so.
Okay.
Well, okay.
So I'm going to do some cocaine.
Yeah.
So it is 6 a.m. on December 5th and all three of you are reeling from the events of last night.
The dreams you cannot quite understand and the revelations of the morning.
You all stand in the evidence locker looking at the camera, gun, radio, and helmet all
with strange glass tubes making them look like they came from a weird old-timey steampunk
laboratory.
The camera, gun, and helmet each has a glowing red light giving this small room an eerie
tent.
The radio's green light is lit.
Keith, you feel something press against the back of your leg and then the back of your
thigh climbing and then you hear a meow and notice Doug, the cat previously called Salem,
has walked into the room and is pawing at you.
Oh my God.
This poor dude is fucking trapped in a cat's body.
What was it?
How did we communicate with him?
One meow for yes.
Two for no.
Yeah.
What should we ask him?
It looks like he wants to talk to Clark.
Was it me?
That was me.
Oh.
It looks like he wants to talk to Keith.
Hey.
Meow?
Meow.
I am there.
Hey, what?
Shit.
It's yes or no questions.
How you doing?
Meow.
Meow.
Help me out here, guys.
The cat jumps up onto-
Wait.
I've got to.
Okay.
Wait.
Not wait.
I mean, wait.
Me.
Stop talking, Thomas.
You go.
Shut up, Thomas.
Shut up, Thomas.
Stupid piece of shit.
The cat jumps up onto the shelf and immediately starts rubbing against the radio.
Oh, dude.
I'm running out of the room.
Clark is running out of the room.
Get out of there, boys.
You're going to switch a body.
Clark, when you run out, you see Agent Tramp.
He's like, what?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
You see Agent Trent Chad still mopping up his Red Bull spill and Drew is sorting through
all these different files and Rosemary, whose name you now know, the Fonzie lady, she is
just standing in the middle with her arms crossed and tapping her foot.
I want to grab the cat by the scruff and get it away from the radio.
You do so.
Doug, are you trying to body swap with us?
When the cat looks at you and you're holding it, I need you to roll a dexterity real quick
because Doug freaks the fuck out when you grab him.
Oh, I pass.
Eight.
Okay, then you can describe as he is looking at you and meowing and losing it.
Yeah, there's just an intricate cat juggle as he tries to get away and then an arm reaches
out blind and just grabs him and brings him out and then the same thing happens again
and then finally I just press him tight to my chest and I look him dead in his little cat eyes.
He looks horrified.
What do you say?
I say, Doug, we're going to do everything we can to get you back to your body, but you
can't be trying to steal ours.
Maybe Chad's later, but not right now.
We kind of need you to just, well, actually maybe right now.
I don't know.
We could get a lot out of you, but hey guys, let's, let's do you want to swap with, yes,
with Chad and Doug?
Yeah, yeah.
I was thinking Rosemary, but she has knowledge that we need.
We need Rosemary, yeah.
Yeah.
Let's do it with FBI guy.
Okay.
All right.
Do you want to be in a presumably hunky FBI agent's body, Doug?
How are we going to do this though?
I don't want to be in that room when that radio goes off.
Doug, if we put a incapacitated Chad in that room with you, could you swap bodies using
that radio?
Meow.
Let's do it, boys.
All in favor, say aye.
Clark is out of the evidence.
Clark is out of the evidence room right now.
That's true.
Okay.
Let's just do it.
Let's just do it.
I'll go grab Chad.
Okay.
I walk out into...
Keith, is it, is it you?
It's me.
I'm not, I am me.
We've got a plan though.
Bubblegum tree.
I'm going to walk out too.
Bubblegum tree.
Wait.
Yeah.
So you didn't switch bodies with him?
No, but we got a plan.
Is John?
No, John is still John.
He's Bubblegum tree.
But here, come here.
I got to whisper something to you.
Okay.
We're going to switch Chad's body with Doug's body.
We're going to put Chad in the cat.
Don't, don't tell him though.
Okay.
I mean, does Doug, is Doug okay with that?
He meowed.
He meowed.
He meowed for yes.
What is?
Okay.
I really, I really liked the idea, but he, Doug doesn't know the FBI.
Like we have to have somebody tell the FBI not to come back here.
Uh, we'll just text it from his phone.
Yeah.
That's not too bad, fellas.
So he texts the main office, right?
Says, Hey, listen, I'm not, I'm heading up to the city for the afternoon to do a little
sightseeing and I'll be back tomorrow.
Cause the contention situation is locked down and we can keep them distracted for a little
while because we can just tell Doug what to say cause he'll have Chad's voice.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
We just use Doug.
Hey, can we fight Chad right now?
I don't think we need to.
No, no, no.
Do you think we could take Chad just in case Doug really goes, uh, loose cannon on us?
Oh, that's agent.
Agent Chad looks up.
Would you guys like to fight?
Maybe maybe ladder Chad, buddy, uh, ladder, maybe ladder, mama, ladder, mama, ladder,
big and sign.
Uh, maybe later, Chad, you just go close your little eyes.
Now you just take a little nap immediately.
Chad, while mopping up his red bull spill, which he's been doing for like 10 minutes
now, he just closes his eyes and lays down on the ground.
All right, let's drag him into the room.
He's a better cat than Doug.
We could just, I mean, we can drag him.
Sure.
I helped.
I helped the dragon.
I mean, we could have just asked him to walk in there with the cat.
Yeah.
But if he's, we drag him into the room with the radio as you drag him in, you notice he's
like squeezing his eyes closed to make sure that he like is staying consistent with your
hopes and dreams.
Yeah.
Hell yeah.
We probably just have Chad press the button then immediately Doug.
This cat is just like walking back and forth meowing just like Doug, we're going to leave
you in the room, do your thing.
We'll be back in a moment.
I'm yeah.
As soon as I'm like across the threshold with the body as far into the door as I can, I'm
stepping over it and out of the door.
Yep.
Say, Hey guys, real quick.
Do you think that, well, I guess it would only be beneficial to us if Doug was still
under the influence of the, Oh, cause it's still in his body.
Yeah.
I was going to think that could be a hindrance, but it'd actually be a great on hindrance
for sure.
We could, we could, uh, we could ask him whatever we need to about how he got that way and all
that stuff.
Yeah.
Okay.
Uh, I, you know, all the boys out, the door shuts.
I put my ear to the door.
I'm looking like under the door for like a flash of light or something.
Clarkie, what do you see, what do you hear?
What do we hear?
You hear some pong about as Doug enjoys his cat body.
One last time.
You hear
he turned on the radio boys.
And then you hear a click, a song start to play from inside the evidence locker of the
police department of contention.
And then you hear the song start to change and you overhear audio that does not make
any sense to you that gets louder until it becomes a jumble and there is a high pitched
noise just screeching in all of your ears.
As you hear a massive, massive noise and a light flashes brightly from all crevices of
the door.
And then there is silence.
And you hear from inside the evidence locker
Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh.
All right.
Oh, all right.
Whoa.
Oh shit.
I knock on the door.
Oh fuck.
Doug, is that you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh man.
Oh man.
Oh, Doug.
Why don't you get up and get on out here?
Whoa, guys, do you know what, can you open up the door?
You hear like, uh, the, the, the handle is moving and he says, can you, can you guys
open up the door for me?
I opened the door for him standing before you is the body of agent Trent Chad.
Also inside is a cat laying on the ground.
Is the cat alive?
The cat wakes up, seemingly opens its eyes, looks around, looks at itself, starts freaking
out and makes a run for the door.
Close the door.
I'm going to try to do a decks check.
Well, yeah.
Close the door.
And also who's got the best decks.
I have 60, 65, 60.
All right.
What do you, what can we do a twofer where he tries to close the door and a cat duty
cat patrol.
All right.
Uh, yeah.
Go ahead and roll first.
Keith to give, uh, to give John a plus 20.
I got a 33.
All right.
That's a Chris success.
You automatically, you guys automatically slam the door in Doug's face immediately upon
the door slamming from inside.
You hear a, Oh, is that what you guys want?
You want it?
Should I be in here?
And Oh God.
Oh no.
Oh fuck.
Why is this not a visual medium?
Your face was amazing.
Yeah.
That was awesome.
Doug subdue the cat.
I've got it.
Okay.
I'm, I'm going to go to the front door of the police department and walk it and make
sure there's no way anybody's living here until we want them to, Hey, Hey, what's going
on in there?
Hey, uh, can I get the gun now please?
In a minute.
Rosemary.
Yeah.
We're dealing with some others.
Hey drew, can you run to the store across the way?
What do you need?
We need a cat carrier.
Okay.
Um, ASAP cat carrier.
Uh, I can go pick one of those up, uh, uh, ASAP Doug, as soon as fucking possible.
Oh, drew, it's been a long night.
My dude.
Yeah.
No, no, no.
I, it's been a long night and uh, drew, uh, drew kind of looks at everyone and looks at
his keys and turns around and runs out of the police station.
Cool.
Oh.
I locked the door behind him.
Let's get Doug in here.
Where's the gun, John Rosemary, you give us one fucking minute.
We're dealing with some body switching shit here.
More crazy.
The kind of stuff your boss is interested in, but like right now you're not necessarily
our number one priority.
It's the guy who just switched bodies with the cat.
Okay.
Well, I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Well, it's related.
You're going to know more later if you just have some fucking patients and hold those
goddamn horses here.
Open the door up and let's Rosemary, you can see all this.
You're about to.
Yeah, you'll see it.
You're like a mob enforcer.
We're just letting hang out in our police station.
So could you just like chill, chill, uh, go ahead and roll, uh, persuade.
No.
Okay.
And just, uh, walked, unlocked the door of the police station and walks out.
That's probably good for us in the long run.
I mean, where's she going to go?
She doesn't have a car here.
She also doesn't have a gun.
Yeah.
Let's deal with Doug real quick.
Or should we try to stop her?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Doug, Rick, we might have to deal with something real quick.
Uh, just to double check.
Do you feel compelled to acquiesce to our desires?
Is that what you would like me to do?
Cool, cool, cool.
Hold on to that cat.
We'll be right back.
And I run out after Rosemary.
Okay.
What are the two of you doing, Clark and Keith?
I'm going to stand by inside the police department just to make sure he stays in here.
I'm back in full uniform, right?
Yeah.
I'll follow John out.
Okay.
Rosemary.
Rosemary, wait.
When you run outside, you actually see Drew is in his car and he's about to back up and
Rosemary is standing behind, banging on the trunk.
Rosemary, that's a very nice...
I pull my gun and point it at her.
All right.
Rosemary, hold on, hold on.
Get your man to open up the trunk door and then he can go get your cat carrier and I'll
come right back inside.
It's all fine.
Okay.
Everything's fine.
I'm going to come right back inside.
Just open up the trunk, Drew.
I drew all my gun too.
What's what's in the trunk, Rosemary?
I'm going to roll a...
All right.
Drew pops open the trunk and she says, thank you.
She reaches in and pulls out a briefcase, closes the door, hits the back of the trunk
and says, all right, Drew, you can go.
And then starts walking back toward you guys.
The gun lowered a little bit, but still out.
Same.
And she's just holding a metal briefcase and walking toward you.
Rosemary, what's in the briefcase there?
Five million dollars.
Interesting.
Why?
It's not yours.
Is it yours?
It is now.
Want to go have these?
No, thank you.
And she walks past you and heads to the door of the police station.
I turned to John, do you have any idea what the...
I've got no fucking clue what's going on.
Five million is?
She opens up the door and walks into the police station.
I guess she's back where we wanted her.
I assume so, though much wealthier than all of us, which I think means she's our boss
by American rules.
Is she our new chief?
There's only one rule here in America.
The almighty dollar.
Whoever has the most money is the chief of police.
Yeah, that's kind of how it works.
Dude, if either one of us win the Mega Millions tonight, we're going to have the best podcast
of all time.
Welcome to Pretend to Be People.
Oh man, we can finally get that.
We can buy the Nat soundboard.
That Thomas soundboard we've all been wanting.
We can hire...
Nice.
Nice.
No, no, no, no, no.
Nice.
We just have professional voice actors that we dictate everything we speak of.
I mean, yeah, that's the plan for this actual podcast, right?
That's where we're headed.
Yeah, this is...
What we've been doing is a rough draft.
It's a rough script.
Yeah, we're going to have...
It's the pilot season.
Sam Rockwell and Jake as Keith Vigna on a podcast for whatever reason.
Idris Elba is playing Maggie Cook.
Nice.
Makes lots of sense.
Clark goes back inside.
John also goes back inside.
I see them come back inside and I open up the door and I let Doug in to the main room.
He kind of throws the cat back into the evidence room as you shut the door and he walks out
and he looks at his hands and he's like, wow, everything is very weird.
Doug, do you remember who you are?
Yeah, I remember that and then he looks past you and his eyes widen and he says, oh my
God, oh my God.
And he starts freaking out and he backs up back against the wall and then he just starts
moving and just dodging and trying to run away.
There's the ooze.
Get it back.
The ooze is here, guys.
The fucking ooze.
Water, water, water.
I run into the sink that's in the police department.
You run into the sink.
Is it there?
You actually bump into it.
I grab the biggest container I can find, probably a bowl, but if not a cup, fill it with water
and I'm throwing it over my shoulders close to Doug as I can.
I go to the other sink and I just smash the faucet off so water is spraying everywhere.
I asked, Doug, can you see the ooze right now?
Yes, it's right there.
It's right there.
Don't let it touch you.
Don't let it touch you.
Where's he pointing to?
He's just pointing on the ground in the middle of the room.
So is water spraying, is water spraying everywhere?
Are we getting close?
Am I hitting it with water?
Am I?
Uh, I'm sorry.
Cause there's no way I would know.
Am I hitting them where he's pointing with water?
So in your mind, where is the sink in the police station?
I was picturing in my head just now like a firehouse kitchen to where it's like just
the, the side of the half of a room.
Sure.
Yeah.
Like that's kind of what I was like.
No real separation.
Yeah.
Just like a break room.
Microwave sink.
Right.
Toaster.
You know what I can picture?
That.
Cool.
So I smashed a bathroom.
I smashed a bathroom fixture.
Open the cabinet doors up and break the pipe off.
Yeah.
So you've got water flowing out from that side of the very open floor plan of the contention
police department.
Doug is still freaking out and sprinting about and Drew does not know or Drew's not there.
Rosemary has absolutely no idea what's going on.
She has walked over to Drew's desk and is like sitting up on top of the desk, just Indian
style holding the briefcase.
It's called crisscross applesauce now.
I am so sorry.
Sitting crisscross applesauce.
Fuck.
We got him.
Boom.
I guess I run over to where the water's flowing out and stand there just to be safe.
Yeah.
Doug get, get to the water.
He runs over and joins you and stays calm.
Doug, how big is the Zeus?
And his eyes get bigger than they were even a second ago.
The water is not stopping it.
And he sprints around the outside of the room and heads for the front door of the police
station.
Doug, if you head outside, please just remain right there and wait for further instruction.
I think I run after him.
I think I do too.
Like out of scare.
Yeah.
I'm going to try to find a vacuum, like a little dust devil, like handheld.
Okay.
So you're going to try to find your little vacuum and Keith and Clark are running after
Doug.
I abandoned my fireman's bucket line of water over my shoulder and yeah, it's hightailing
it.
Following the same path that he took.
Same.
Yeah.
Following the same path.
As you get to the front door, you see him standing in the parking lot and I need whoever
has the worst luck to roll luck right now for me.
What do you guys have?
75.
45.
65.
They're the ones outside though.
Did you mean of all of us?
I said what I meant.
I know what you meant.
I didn't hear you say oh.
I pass.
Crit pass.
Motherfucker.
33.
33 baby.
That's two 33s tonight.
Yeah, that is.
I hope that's on my mega millions ticket.
Clark, Keith, you run out the front door of the police station and see Doug standing in
the middle of the parking lot of the police and contention.
The fuck.
You see him standing in the middle of the parking lot and he is on his hands and knees
and he is weeping.
I yell at Doug.
You still see it.
Doug, come on buddy.
Come on.
I don't know what I see.
I don't see anything.
I go up to him and I slap him in the face and I say snap out of it, man.
Doug, we can't see it.
We need you to tell us if it's here.
I can't.
I can't see anything.
I don't know what's going on anymore.
It's just real.
And he just throws up onto the parking lot and he's now, I mean, completely bent over.
Snot is just pouring out of his nose.
He's like kind of spitting on the ground and he's like, I just don't know.
Is Keith's car in the lot with us?
The Cruiser is indeed.
Yes.
Okay.
Hey Keith, let's get him up into your car, man.
I put an arm under his arm.
I'll take the other?
Let's put him in the back.
I'm trying to give reassuring words, but I'm also, Clark needs him to shape up.
I want to know for sure what he sees.
I cast zone of truth.
Mage Hand.
He's weeping as you get him to the police cruiser.
I would like to persuade him not to weep.
I'm kidding.
I'm not even in.
Let's cut back to John in the police department.
You find a vacuum.
What are you doing with it?
Well, so not being able to see anything, I'm just like dancing from side to side, like
jumping back and forth and just like stabbing out in the air with this little dust devil.
What do you think, music wise, what's set to this?
I think it's totally silent.
I think you just hear his foot falls in wet wet squeaky feet and like Rosemary faintly
chuckling shut up, Rosemary, John, you look stupid.
Damn it.
I know cutting back, you get him into the police cruiser and he immediately just folds
a head into hands and he's breaking down.
When he looks at you guys, you see a ghost of a man.
I want to say, Hey, Hey, Hey Doug, will you, will you wipe your brow with your right hand?
He does so.
Okay.
I wanted to make sure he was still under the influence.
Okay.
That's, this is all understandable.
He's a man who became a cat who became a different man.
Very hard to process.
I uh, he starts coughing.
I start petting him on the back.
Get it out bud.
Get it out.
And no fur comes up cause he's in a human body now that didn't eat any hair.
Uh, but he just throws up a little bile onto the floor of the police cruiser.
Old habits die hard.
I know, but how long were you in that body?
I don't know.
Time, time isn't, isn't real.
And I was so cold.
Hey, if it makes you feel any better, we don't have any idea where your wife is.
Just kidding.
That's not true.
I think we have a pretty good idea where she is.
The upside down.
He looks up at you guys.
What's happening?
Why is this happening?
Do you remember anything before you change, changed bodies with that cat?
Yeah, I, what led up to that happening?
I was, uh, I was sick and uh, Marie was, uh, taking care of me and she brought, she brought
in this radio is that radio, that fucking radio and she turned it on and I, I don't
know.
Then it's just flashes.
I was cold.
I was in the water.
I mean, I was running away from this.
It felt like a dream.
I think I was dreaming and then he, uh, he looks up and he, he catches a glimpse of himself
in the rear view mirror of the cruiser and he's like, this is a dream.
This is a dream.
This is a dream.
This is a dream.
I'm going to dream.
You're in a dream.
You're in my dream and uh, we're all in this dream and it's fine.
Everything's fine.
I'm just going to wake up and everything's going to be fine.
You're fine.
It's fine.
Everything's going to be fine.
You're not dreaming, Doug.
I look at Keith.
I mean, sure.
Hey Doug, you're right.
This is, this is just a crazy dream and as soon as it's run its course, you'll wake up
next to Marie and everything's going to be all right.
But for now, why not give us as much help as you can?
What's the worst that could happen?
It's just a dream.
No Dougie, no cry.
All right.
What do we do?
What do we do?
Well, I got, I got, I got a question for you, Doug.
When we, when you were in that cat body, you seemed real confident when we asked you if
you knew how to use the radio to switch bodies back.
How did you know how to do it so well?
She just turned it on.
So you, you, is there a chance we, you could have switched bodies with any of us as far
as you know, or did you know that you were going to go into the detective's body somehow?
The detective?
I'm sorry.
Uh, the body that you're in right now.
I just knew that I, there was a great chance that I wasn't going to be a cat anymore.
Okay.
So you didn't like think real hard about wanting to be that body on the floor or anything
like that?
No, I was just thinking about being, I mean, when I was in there, sure.
I was just thinking like, be a human, be a human, be a human, but like, you know, like,
what's that even mean?
You know?
Sure.
It's a dream.
Doesn't have to make any sense over his head at Keith and roll my eyes.
Cutting back to in the police department, John, you're, you're vacuuming around and
just like sprinting all over the place, leaping from side to side.
As you do, you see there is a briefcase that is like a leather briefcase that you haven't
seen before ever in the police department.
And it has a little plaque on it, placard that just says, uh, agent Chad on it.
And as you're going about your business, uh, you notice that on one of the desks.
So I'm going to stop in my tracks for just a moment.
Does a goo monster eat me roll now?
You're good.
Okay.
I take a breath.
I'm standing there for maybe like 15, 20 seconds.
And then I go over to the, once I'm sure the coast is clear, I go over to the case.
Uh, why'd you stop dancing?
I think that might've been some kind of illusory goo monster, but I'm not really sure.
Oh yeah, totally.
We're dealing with a man who had his brain transferred into a cat.
Yeah, that all adds up.
More like his consciousness.
Sure.
You're such a dick, Rosemary.
Well, you're a fucking idiot and you're talking nonsense.
Smarter than you says under his breath.
That is actually true for the listeners.
Uh, John has a 75 intelligence and Rosemary has a 45.
I'm way smarter than you.
So I go over to the case and see if I can, is it locked or anything?
No, it's not locked.
What has Chad been up to?
When you open it, you notice there are a lot of things inside this briefcase.
There's a lot of things inside this briefcase.
Four specifically.
Well, I mean, several.
But the first thing is a bunch of signs.
Rosemary, I think it's a sign.
It's a bunch of these signs.
There is also a list that is right here and there is also a map that is right here and
there's also a little device in there that you would recognize as a cell phone jammer
and it is turned on.
It's strawberry.
Cutting back into the parking lot.
Oh shit, Keith, John.
Oh, Doug, we need you to come tell us if you see any of that goo.
I don't know.
You know, honestly, I'm pretty sure I was just seeing that stuff.
Well, why don't you just come in with us and just double check.
Okay.
And so he gets out and he's, you know, he's still trying to get it together.
He's crying a bit.
He's crying a bit, but you guys get him in.
What do you see, Doug?
Looks around.
It must be gone now.
No goo.
Got a wet floor though, seemingly.
And then he kind of walks over to where you guys just were in the mirror above the sink
and he just stares in it and he starts feeling his face.
I walk over to John.
What you looking at there?
Hey guys.
So, Agent Chad had some weird stuff in his briefcase.
You should probably take a look at this.
I was just going to say we might be careful though in case he had some like, since the
animals seem to have been able to see the goo and maybe he just had some residuals from
being a cat, that goo might still be in here.
Hey Doug, you think the goo is still in here?
I don't, honestly, I just, um, I don't know what you're talking about.
You think the scary thing, the thing that scared you?
Yeah, I, you know, I've been through a lot and I just, um, you know, I think I just freaked
out but everything seems to be fine, uh, now, you know, I don't, I think my head is clear.
It's, uh, I don't know if you were aware of this, but you're in my dream right now, where
I'm another person, which is nuts, uh, so, you know.
That seems like pretty standard dream stuff for me.
No, I don't think I've ever had a dream where I wasn't myself, but, uh, here is a little
dust devil in case you get the wheelies again and then you can scoop, you can scoop it up.
You can scoop up the, with the dust devil?
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
And then he grabs it.
All right.
He just kind of rubs it, keeps looking in the mirror.
He's, he's really, you know, as one might be when in a different body, he is fascinated
by his reflection.
Sure.
Yeah.
As you guys probably saw, Chad had this, these signs to put up all over town, uh, saying
attention a chemical spill from the unincorporated land.
Once the town perdition just west of contention is heading this way, please evacuate immediately.
Don't forget your pets.
There's this list of all the places he was going to post the signage at.
It's all, it's all the main hotspots in town here.
You talk, talk about that one for an equal opportunity podcast.
Everybody gets to read a little something.
Uh, yeah, he's also, uh, got this map here.
It's it's color coded showing all the missing persons and the days that they all left.
And it would have been nice to have had drew tell us about that.
It would have been, he had a lot on his mind.
It's over the dates of December 1st, December 2nd and December 3rd.
There's a couple of dots on December 1st, three on the second and then an explosion
on the third.
That's correct.
Dots all over the town.
Okay.
Yeah.
So if you get a chance to study that list, is there anything out of the ordinary?
That list is just a list of the places that exist in contention.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
I don't think there's anything further to examine in that list.
Rosemary says, well, didn't he, uh, didn't he get there this morning before any place
opened?
Probably didn't have a chance yet to go to any of them.
That's why there's so many posters in the whatever you guys are.
Yeah.
I mean, what are you Rosemary?
Rosemary.
Clearly he hadn't put the signs up yet.
I don't know what you're trying to tell us yet.
He didn't put the signs up yet.
That's why they're in the briefcase.
And it looks like there's a little squares for him to make a check mark where he went
and there are no checkmarks.
I'm sorry.
I cut you off.
I said what I needed to say.
Rosemary, do you think you're telling us something new?
We all got that pretty quick.
Yeah.
It's just been a while since I talked to him.
I just want to remind you that my intelligence is 45.
All right.
What a weird way to quantify your own intelligence, but, uh, out of 50 in my mom's eyes.
Yeah.
Mama's love us all.
What do we do now guys?
Well, I would still like to talk to the, uh, the big guy in the city with Rosemary here.
Well, what should we do with Doug?
Well, Doug is a very useful tool.
Yeah.
We want him to stick with us for as long as possible at this point.
Also seems like we could probably get more information out of them.
Well, I think if you want to go by yourself, you want to come with, I mean, you are going
to go talk to a mob boss, so maybe it's not the safest for one police officer to go kind
of seems safer than being in a town with a goo monster, but Clark or Clark.
Hey Clark.
Yes.
Joe.
Oh, it's fun to watch someone break mentally in person.
Hey John, can you remind me why did the, the Bob want the gun?
All right, so John Peters owed money, gambling debts, we assume to the mob, uh, to the glass
crime family.
He sent his two boys down there, Marvin glass, sent his two boys to go collect that money
after Peters had already come in to possession of the artifacts and some magic fuckery happened.
One of the boys disappeared, Jermaine Jermaine.
The other one is a babbling idiot just talking about that gun now, Alfred, gun boy.
So that's really all Rosemary knows is that she's supposed to come down here and get this
gun gun and take it back to, uh, the Marvin glass boss.
Yeah.
And after we got to talking, I was thinking that, you know, perhaps we could recruit this
Marvin glass and his army of games to help us out down here in exchange for maybe getting
his boy back from the upside down.
So you're hoping that this gun means that much to him, but that's your big, that's your
bargaining chip, right?
I'm hoping, well, I'm hoping his bullet means that much to him, but yeah, the gun is the
bridge to the boy.
I pulled John far away from Rosemary.
I mean, that's what we're bluffing, right?
We don't know where the gun works.
I don't know fucking shit about how the gun works, but we fucking like, that's kind of
my whole pitch to Mr. Glass.
It's like, Hey man, there's some weird supernatural shit happening.
And uh, if you want your boy back, we could really use any operational assistance your
organization could provide that comes without the pesky oversight of say the FBI.
So I thought maybe he could pitch in and would have a strong motivation to do so.
I E it's child.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It sounds risky, but if you think you can do it, the manpower would be helpful.
Yeah.
And just, you know, more minds on this thing, crime boys thinking crime ways, it's a criminal
goo.
It's already taken so many people.
So it's a criminal goo.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, so one thing I think we should definitely do is, is there any truth to this?
Was this talk of the chemical spill?
That's probably just a cover up.
Is it a cover up or is there some truth to it?
Yeah.
Something happened in Perdition.
That could be that they think that there's something moving this way either way.
Exactly.
I also think maybe it's not a bad idea to just go ahead and post those around town to
save more people.
I'm with you.
Yeah.
Uh, but maybe we go check out Perdition.
Also get some of these protesters out of our hair.
Yeah, for sure.
Do we, do we need to edit our radio message to adhere to the attention signs that we've
just now gotten?
That would not be a bad idea.
We could have Doug do that right now.
Hopefully.
Yeah.
Hey Doug.
Yeah.
Come over here for a second.
Sure.
Can you, uh, here, let me, let me just write it down and I write down exactly what I want
him to say.
Okay.
Would you mind reading this into this recorder here for us and just, just read it as naturally
as you can.
But hit me with it.
I don't know what it's going to say.
It says, attention, a chemical spill from the unincorporated land once the town Perdition
just west of contention is heading this way, please evacuate immediately.
Do not forget your bets.
Okay.
Let me give that a go.
And the contention PD are on your side.
Once again.
Yeah.
Uh, tension, a chemical spill from the unincorporated land once the town Perdition just west of
contention is heading this way, please evacuate immediately.
Don't forget your pets.
And say the boys in blue are here for you.
The boys in blue are here for you.
That's right.
The contention PD is your B F D, which stands for best friends and dependable.
You know, Doug, you, you went a little off script at the end, but you really got the
message across and I think that was, it was good at lip and it's great how much you sound
like Chad.
That's awesome.
Thank you.
Voices come from the body, not the person.
I didn't think you were, it doesn't make sense to me either.
This does make sense.
Yeah.
It's just very convenient that we can still have Chad's body as well.
Uh, okay.
So a couple, I was going to say a couple of things are going to happen.
That's not our podcast.
There are other role playing podcasts.
Have you met anyone?
They also have a role playing podcast.
I hate everyone.
Yeah.
Okay.
So you have Doug record that message and pretty immediately you see Rosemary is getting a
pretty tired of this shit and she's a stood up now, John gun now, or I'm going to go find
your briefcase.
I don't know what that means, but well, listen, let me talk with the boys for just a second
and I think we're going to move things towards getting you that gun.
Can you hold on real quick while I confer five minutes?
All right.
Oh, I thought she was going to start counting.
Yeah, me too.
That would not have been enough for minutes.
Oh, you don't know what a minute is.
You're real dumb.
Three minutes.
Oh no.
Why did Marvin glass and trust you with this last few minutes?
Let's go start back at 60 then you're good.
All right boys.
John Stossel.
I'm not aware of the reference.
He's on 60 minutes.
Good one Rosemary.
Now I get it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Boys, she's getting pretty antsy about this gun and getting back to the city.
I don't know that we have any other leads other than this.
Well, we've got unincorporated land in perdition, but that might be a pretty dangerous place
to go to.
Also, it could just be a thing that the FBI said.
Would we know, would you be able to swing by the unincorporated land quite easily on
your way to the city from contention?
Couldn't be more in the opposite direction.
Guys, that couldn't be more in the opposite direction.
I mean, contingent is not that big.
That's not going to add more than an hour or so, I don't think.
That well, yeah, but I mean, I think Tom is of the essence.
What is she going to do if we like, we'll get there eventually.
She's not going to like kill us.
And if she does, she'll only kill one of us.
You can't hear this Rosemary.
We're talking.
Out of your shot.
She just overheard laughter.
She's on Instagram.
She just follows shit posters.
She's watching puppy cuts.
Yeah.
What do you think?
Well, I'd like to go.
You boys don't have to come with me, but, uh, it might be more convenient for recording
purposes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, Joe's at a pickle there.
I don't think Clark would go at all.
He'd be afraid of the mob and feel like we have to take care of shit here, but I also
don't want to be away from them for a long time.
It could be if you guys go to the city and all that shit.
I don't know.
Hey John, how about can we, can we, can we ask Rosemary to give us the morning to put
up these signs and get in touch with dog and get the radio broadcast out and then maybe
we could run up there and run up to city.
We can leave Ray in charge for, she's testy, but I don't know if she has a real strong
bargaining position here.
Right.
Cause it's three men in this office with guns.
So and we have the one thing that she wants.
Yeah, that's exactly right.
And we can stop by here first or no, maybe we'll decide on the way.
We could always just have Drew do the signs.
Oh fuck.
Joe didn't think of that.
Clark probably would have cause that's a very good idea.
There's no reason that we need to do that personally.
Grunt work.
Who has the best alertness?
Got a 70.
Do you want to roll alertness Clark?
I helipass a three on a, it would be a 50 since a minus 20% but yeah, three.
Which we forgot about all podcasts.
I don't think anybody's rolled.
What did we forget?
Sorry.
The minus 20.
But you guys crit.
Yeah.
Succeeded.
So that's true.
Oh man.
I need to be a better handler.
Also my, like it wouldn't have affected, I think I've done two roles because it rolled
like super low on all your roles.
Okay.
That makes me feel better.
So you pass, you notice very clearly Rosemary is listening in on the conversation.
Hey, get out of here.
Get on out.
Cause she's just still sitting where she is, right?
She didn't walk over to us.
If you are in the same room still, yeah, no, she's just intently listening to your conversation.
I just pulled John in a little closer.
I think she can hear us.
It's not ideal, but she's also not the brightest bulb.
Rosemary, did you hear any of that?
No.
All right.
She heard.
Did you like any of it?
Yeah.
Rosemary, we need an hour in contention before we can leave.
Is that all right?
Keep in mind we all have pistols and the one thing you want in the world and the one thing
your boss wants in the world.
Your boss is a pretty scary dude.
So consider this hour your entire fucking life.
Like I'll give you an hour for a hundred thousand dollars.
We'll get it to you later.
Yeah.
I mean you've got $5 million in your hand.
I don't know.
John deal.
No, no deal.
Why would that be a deal?
Okay.
And she gets up and has a briefcase and she walks toward the front door of the police
station.
I've moved a blocker.
What do you want to do?
I want you to wait a fucking hour while we take care of some shit and then get that gun
for your boss.
Quick question.
Are we going to bring her with us?
Yeah.
Yeah.
One hour.
That's fine.
One hour.
All right.
God damn it.
Is Drew, is Drew going to put up the signs for us?
Yeah.
Are we going to go here or are we going to, oh, yeah, we might not need that hour.
What are we doing with her hour?
So fucked.
Shit.
That's it.
We're going to go put the signs.
How far away is Perdition?
Hour.
One hour away.
Damn it.
She's stupid.
She doesn't know how long an hour is.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
Once we're in the car, like we can just drive somewhere and then she's still captive with
us.
Did you hear that Rosemary?
She looks up from her phone.
What?
I mean, our two options are either go to the city or go here.
I think we should have Drew put up the signs.
Yeah.
That'll make Clark feel better.
And then I think we should just go to the city.
Yeah.
And if we need to, we can stop here on the way back.
Okay.
Let's do it.
I want to call Drew and tell him, Drew, forget the cat carrier.
Would you come on back to the office?
Don't forget the cat carrier.
I've already got it.
Perfect.
Don't worry.
Then let's bring that on in.
When you get into the office on your desk, there's going to be a pile of flyers and a
list next to it.
And I want you to go and put a flyer at every place on that list.
Oh, okay.
Just tape it to the door.
Don't even, if somebody tries to stop you, just say the police are in control, turn on
your radio and listen to the message from dog.
Yeah.
Clark, I don't think anyone's going to stop me.
There's like nobody here.
This place is a ghost town.
What?
Like there's just nobody around.
Like I've been driving around.
I went to the, I went to the store and there's like no shoppers.
There's no cars driving around.
This is crazy.
I just like came in and grabbed the cat grabber.
What was it that I have?
Cat carrier.
A cat carrier.
Yeah.
That's what I grabbed.
And yeah, I just, uh, I waited at the checkout for a while, but, uh, nobody's, uh, you stole
it, Drew.
No, I didn't steal it.
I'm still waiting.
Oh, I give you permission to come on and come on back to the office.
Don't worry about putting cash down.
We'll, we'll get, we'll settle up with them later.
Oh, okay.
I'll just leave cash though.
Okay.
If it makes you feel better.
Okay.
And don't worry.
We're on it.
Yeah.
Same.
Cool.
We're all on it.
Shit.
The entire town disappearing does add a wrench to our plans.
Do we need to leave Drew around if there's nobody here?
Should he come with us?
You guys hear a car pull up in the parking lot of the police department and, uh, there's
a knock at the door.
You guys are standing kind of in the entryway and you look over and you see a woman.
Uh, she's an older woman with a big glasses, bigger hair.
She's knocking on the door.
Do I recognize her?
Yeah, I think you would.
Uh, this is Jan Manstein, Jan Manstein.
She is Ari's mother.
Ari is a, your co-worker, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Woman.
Fuck.
Who works in the police department and does a lot of stuff around town for you guys.
And this is her mom, Jan.
I wave at her through the glass.
Hey, Jan.
Hey, Jan.
What's going on?
Oh, hi.
Yeah.
Um, yeah, no, uh, I'm just here to, uh, I mean, I'm here to pick up.
Her things, uh, you know, she, she, she would have wanted that.
Maybe she wouldn't have, I don't know, but I got to get the stuff.
Maybe.
I don't know, but probably I should probably get it.
She'll need it.
So, uh, I just need to come inside, come inside.
So have a seat.
Yeah.
She walks in and she's like just completely scattered and she's like, Oh gosh, you know,
I, I just, I thought that, you know, uh, she would want me to, to have her, which desk
was, was Ari's.
What do you mean was, what do you mean was the fire in the city?
Ari's dead.
What fire?
The hospital fire?
Yes.
Is Clark saying who's Ari or is Clark totally aware who Ari is?
Ari's Ray.
I know we outside know that.
What's Clark doing right now?
Oh, that's a good point.
What are we doing every time we hear that Ray has a different name, you're immediately
confused and then you have a flood of memories with Ari.
Perfect.
Okay.
Did we send Ray to the hospital?
Yes.
Woof.
You sent Florence to the hospital in the ambulance with Rosemary after the skirmish, after we
shot hotel, hotel, right, right, right, right.
You sent Ari to keep an eye or Florence or Ray or Tim to keep an eye on Rosemary.
That's weird.
We forgot about that until just now.
Rosemary, can I talk to you for a minute?
Yeah.
And Clark, do you show her where Ari's desk was and so she begins collecting the belongings
of her daughter.
I'm very somber.
Jana, I'm, I can't tell you how sorry I am.
You know, you sign up for this life and you know, she, she always, she always knew that,
you know, go, gosh, maybe there would, you know, but you know, as a mother, you know,
you always think, you know, the, maybe everything will be all right, but maybe it won't, I,
it's just, it's hard, but, uh, I'm sure you'll all, you'll all be there tomorrow, right?
For the funeral, obviously.
Of course.
What, what time is that?
Uh, it's at, uh, it's, it's at 11 or 10.
I think it's, we're doing at 11, 10 30.
It's a 10 30.
No, no, no, no.
I decided on 11.
Yeah, no, it's 11.
It's all right.
We'll sign up for sure.
And we'll be there.
Did Rosemary burn down the hospital?
That's what I'm asking her.
Cut to John and Rosemary in the back room and she eyes the evidence locker door.
Are you going to give me the gun now?
Hey, first of all, Rosemary, you're never fucking getting that gun.
It's going directly into Marvin Glass's hands.
If it goes anywhere, you can escort it with us, but I'm not giving you the gun.
We clear on that.
First of all, uh, did you fucking burn down the hospital in the city and kill one of our
officers?
No.
Rosemary.
Come on.
No.
Rosemary.
Yeah.
Did you burn down the hospital?
Yeah.
Rosemary.
You know, mobsters go to the hospital.
The city needs a hospital.
Mobsters get hurt all the time.
They put me in.
I don't like handcuffs.
They put me in handcuffs.
I don't like handcuffs.
Well, you shot it, please.
Or, well, I guess we shot it.
You tried to stab Keith.
He tried to fucking shoot me.
Cause you were trying to stab Rosemary.
He came at me with a knife.
Okay.
Well, listen, that's not ideal.
That's not really cool.
Fully fucking aware, John.
All right.
Well, uh, can you just play it cool for like five fucking minutes because the mother of
the fucking cop you burned to death along with, what was it?
40 other people.
Yeah.
I didn't put that together, but she's out there right now.
I'm always cool, John.
That is literally never true.
So you guys walk back out into the station.
Jan is, uh, finishing packing up everything and oh gosh, I just, you know, I, Stan is
gonna, he's, he's gonna fall apart.
I just don't know.
I don't know what to tell him.
I, maybe I should, maybe I shouldn't.
Should I tell him?
What do you think?
Should I?
Would you like one of us to tell him?
Yes.
Yes.
No, no, no, no.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yes.
Please.
And then real quick, remind me where he lives and his exact relation to you so there's no
faux pas.
Oh yeah.
No.
Stan is, uh, my ex husband, Ari's father, uh, he's been in the city asylum for 28 years.
Oh, well as it just so happens, we're about to go up to the city.
So that might be pretty convenient.
If you could let him know, that would be, no, no, you shouldn't.
No, I should be the one to tell, no, you do it.
You do it.
No, I should be the one.
Okay.
Bye.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Okay.
Before you go.
Hey, do you see anybody else out in town when you came over here?
Well, contention is a small town, right?
I am never around here, but traffic on the roads, any people walking about, a bunch of
green lights.
I, well, I think I ran into one red maybe on the way in perhaps.
Yeah.
Um, have a good day.
Animals.
Wait, wait, wait, Jan, when we, when we talked to Stan, do you want us to tell him anything
for you?
Maybe like the last time you talked to Ari, maybe something she said then, do you remember
the last time you talked to her?
Yes.
Yeah.
It was, uh, it was just the other night.
What did she say?
She said, uh, her last words were, I'm going to bed now.
No, they were, I love you.
No, it was just that she'd just eaten Mac and cheese.
No, no, no.
She said, I love you.
And I said, I love you.
I can't.
That's fine.
We'll tell Stan that she, she said, I love you.
And then one last thing.
Does the name Ray mean anything to you?
No.
Florence?
No.
Okay.
Are those Ari's friends?
Yeah, those were Ari's friends.
Okay.
Um, okay.
I'll go.
Uh, I'll see you tomorrow.
It's in the city.
It's at the city cemetery.
She's going to be buried with her family.
So yeah, we'll definitely be there.
And she collects the things and leaves.
I turned to John, do you, you remember array and a Florence?
Yeah, man.
Yeah.
This is the first fucking time I've heard of Ari, but I feel like I've known her for
years.
Clark gets a chill.
I just got a chill.
Can you guys roll sanity, uh, fail, fail, say one on a 27.
Holy shit.
65 on an 18, 78 on a 27.
Wow.
You guys all lose one sanity.
All these different iterations of your coworkers start flooding into your brain and you can't
keep them separated.
They're all starting to combine into this strange amalgamation of this person that now
you can't remember any of what their faces look like.
You vaguely remember some names, some stories, but you never necessarily got close to this
person, but you remember their last name was Manstein.
Yeah.
Losers.
All of them.
I mean, they didn't really stick in your mind, but they were all Manstein.
Yeah.
Whoa.
Is that what close as he stumbles back?
Yeah.
And then you guys decide to, we're going to have drew put up those flyers and go to the
city.
Was that the last thing we settled on?
Yeah, I think so.
I would like a moment alone with Rosemary.
John and Rose.
Do you want to describe it?
Uh, well, first of all, um, does she still have the briefcase on her?
Oh yeah.
Okay.
She's not letting go of that.
Yeah.
So, uh, I take her into the back.
I'm like, Hey Rosemary.
Can we talk for a second real quick?
Yeah.
Okay.
Uh, just let's go into this room here.
So, uh, out at your shot of the boys.
You're there.
Um, and I slam her against the fucking wall and put a gun on her head.
She starts laughing.
Okay.
Well I cocked the trigger and I said, let go of the fucking briefcase and give drew
his money back right fucking now or what or I'll fucking kill you and talk to Marvin
Glass myself.
You think I care about some dumb ass like soldier.
You're nothing to me.
You want to get your job done and live to see the end of this day and give me that fucking
money.
Yeah.
All right, John.
And she drops the briefcase on to your hand and then she turns like she slowly turns.
You've got it pressed against her temple.
I'm guessing she slowly turns and puts it with the barrel right in between her eyes.
It's hilarious that you think that you can kill me.
And then she just walks away back into the room without the briefcase.
Okay.
John lets out a huge breath.
So yeah, John picks up the briefcase and I guess dashes it somewhere secure in the station
because I don't want the boys to see me with it.
For sure.
There's got to be a like a random evidence locker.
Like I just put it in a locker.
Okay.
You go into the evidence locker and put it in.
That's a good cover anyway.
It's evidence.
You hear a ding from the computer at the secretary's desk and there's a fresh email from both the
dog.
It says the PSA is about to play.
So this is what plays on the radio.
I'll do it in post but just so you guys fucking know.
Okay.
Not that.
Wrong station.
Yeah.
I click over.
And we're not using a spooky radio are we?
No.
We sure ain't.
Oh shit.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
You're all flying through a vortex and your faces are melting and contorting and going
into one game over.
Hey, my babies.
It's both the dog hitting you with the weather on December 5th.
Now y'all know what's been really nice outside, but prepare for a cold freeze tonight.
Keep those sinks a dripping for your old buddy Wolf.
And Wolf got some breaking news for y'all today.
Straight from the mouth of the FBI.
Tension, a chemical spill from the unincorporated land, once the town Perdition, just west of
contention is heading this way.
Please evacuate immediately.
Don't forget your pets.
The boys in blue are here for you.
That's right.
The contention PD is your BFD, which stands for best friends and dependable.
Now Wolf the dog got some serious news on the wire from the city.
Ferguson beans and Joan Robin, the mother of Ferguson's business partner were found
dead in beans home early this morning.
Nothing confirmed.
But inside sources say Joan shot Ferguson multiple times with his own firearm before
turning the gun on herself.
Holy shit.
Look at Keith.
You told it.
Didn't you tell us one time you're part of the bean family?
Those bean boys.
You haven't told us yet, right?
That you're a bean?
Yeah.
And based on the way that we've been playing it, it's kind of this well known, it's an
open secret and you guys don't bring it up because you have to work with him and he clearly
fucking hates it.
That's why he changed his name to avoid it.
You've brought it up like once or twice and then he's ignored it and it's kind of gone
over, especially when you're ordering beans from beans on beans, your family's business.
And so it is an open secret.
So you do know that he is related to the beans, but you've never really discussed it.
Okay.
So I just want to look at him.
What do I see on his face?
I hear that news and I just, I am just looking down at the ground like blank expression.
Keith, we know you're a bean.
Yeah.
I knew you knew.
Who were they to you?
That was my brother.
God damn.
Keith.
I'm so, I'm so sorry.
Keith.
I haven't seen him in a while.
A long time.
We never really got along that well, but would you say it's been a while?
Oh no.
I kicked John.
I wouldn't have wished that upon him though.
But yeah, that was my brother.
Huh?
Well, it's, we're heading to the city.
We can take a look by the crime scene.
I mean, maybe.
Yeah.
Ask the local PD what they know.
Yeah.
I'd like to find out what they know and we'll do that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's do first things first though.
Let's there's goo.
There's goo to do.
There's goo to do.
If one beans died, I don't need to die from goo.
We got to figure out that after, after all this.
Yeah.
And again, just real sorry your brother got murdered, suicided.
Yeah.
I wish I could have, I don't know.
Been there.
The boys in the air.
How am I the only one trying to pull over How can you know I'm the only one trying to
pull over How can you know I'm the only one trying to pull over
