Good morning my babies, it's everybody's favorite radio DJing contention wolf the dog and we
are hitting you live from 694.2 PTBP today with a little news for y'all.
Councilwoman Carrie Page's dog is missing and let me tell y'all she is pissed about
it she is not happy at all.
Jimmy sanders saw an oil spill while tripping on those sweet sweet good mushrooms.
And Mildred Mitchell that old cookie pot head saw a bright flash of light from across the
street in John Peters house and now speaking of that old boy wouldn't you know it John
Peters is missing heard he had a long stay in the hospital a couple years ago poor guy
can't catch a break.
And two people came to John Peters house packed a drunken to their white Toyota and took off
coming in hot off the presses we got a new song for y'all it's No Backbone by Kudzu.
Remember when my knee was up this morning and you kept saying that it was my boner?
That was funny.
Luke was on the couch like prone right and his knee was just like right in the middle
of his body sticking straight up and it looked like his dick was like a uh.
As big as it is if not smaller.
What happened last time Zach?
Last time you guys were standing at John Peters house and uh you just reviewed Keith Vigna's
excellent policing.
Yeah you're welcome for that.
If I remember it seemed like a really anticlimactic place to end an episode.
Yeah yeah yeah.
Because I didn't do any I didn't have a climax.
You had figured out that Mildred Mitchell drives a white car.
Is this a goddamn logic problem?
Mildred Mitchell drives a white car but John Peters will never eat ham.
John Peters drives a maroon car.
We decided it was something like a Cutlass Supreme or a La Sabre or it could be a Honda
Civic.
And the car that came picked up the trunk and also drove off with John Peters car were
two men in a white Toyota.
Fucking exotic dude.
You ever been to Japan?
It might it might be exotic for contention.
What did the trunk say?
Do not open if you want to live.
Correct?
Yes.
Or conversely it said open if you want to die.
That was just implied.
It's about 2pm on December 2nd.
Today's actually January 1st.
But um chuh dude.
Happy New Year.
I had a great time last night.
Me too.
I repeatedly told you that I loved you a lot and it still rings true today.
We'll see about tomorrow but.
I wish you'd been there.
Me too.
I was sleepy.
Hahaha.
Dude wait here.
Can you do this?
For the listeners, Thomas and Luke are drying up their top lip and the gums above their
front teeth.
Joe just like moved his lip a little bit and was doing it.
Pretty much there.
It's kind of my face.
He had that dry vape mouth.
You got a real wet mouth so I got to dry mine off.
I got weird teeth.
The best way to do it is like to not have to move your muscles in your lip and just
have it hang on there because of how dry it is.
Do we really know that it's a white Toyota that went blazing by?
Yeah we found that out.
That the men came in.
Not for sure.
That's what Mildred told you.
I don't think we can put out an APB for a white Toyota.
Yeah also we didn't.
Wait were they in a white Toyota?
Cause she drives a white car right?
Yep.
And they were in a white Toyota.
Yep.
I think this is a dead end guys.
Wait hold on.
Is this a cool like knocking on the door sound?
Hold on.
No.
It's like a really weird hollow metal door.
Yeah it is.
Okay let's go.
Set the scene.
The three of you are standing in the midst of Keith Vigna's excellent police work and
Mildred Mitchell is headed back across the street to her home which has her white car
in the driveway.
There's a black car in her driveway as well since we're just talking colors of cars.
I drive a silver car.
That's a police work that I do.
What color is your car?
Got it.
Radical new direction for the podcast.
What color is your car?
What color is your car?
Are we in the house or out of the house right now?
I think you are standing in the house of John.
Can I roll a search roll just to do.
I think you already crit succeeded right?
Well I yeah I crit succeeded but I also want to do just one more just because I feel so
bad about how shitty I did this first that first time around where.
You're like seeing their faces.
I think that's a really good direction for your character to go.
I really want to redeem myself on this like shoddy police work that I've done and I want
to like try to find something now and be like oh yeah I remember that.
You like see the faces of your fellow police officers and want to work even harder.
Tell me if it's good or not, 21?
You look around the house you see that the trunk is no longer there and the picture frames
that you saw earlier are cleaned up, the bedding stubs are still there, bottles are still around.
The people who were clearly here did not drop anything.
I want to look at the pictures real fast are they anything interesting?
Picture the family right?
Yeah basically it's just pictures of him and like maybe some friends from college.
He obviously doesn't have like a nuclear family he has like cousins and friends.
But they were broken before and now they're all cleaned up?
They would probably want to move them in order to have a clear path.
So obviously he did not come back to the house.
So we got to figure out who was in that white Toyota.
Who do we know who drives a white Toyota?
You guys would also be dealing with the fact that there was a dead body out in the junkyard
last night?
That's true.
I think this is not a huge concern for us right now honestly.
Frankly all that seems secondary to the city councilor stuff.
I just wonder if we were real police officers we wouldn't just be like oh well.
Like how would we wrap this up as far as a case goes?
I don't know I feel like if there's three of us on the force and a murder just happened
this is not gonna be in our mind.
This is only important because we're playing a mystery podcast.
You guys literally went to a like drunk fueled site that didn't exist and you went to talk
to a council person about their dog.
The hardest lead we have right now towards the big mystery is the dogs.
What I'm really concerned about now is I made the chief cry with a gift that I didn't actually
get her that I said was mine.
And I'm really concerned about finding out where she is.
You wanna go hit up that chief?
That is probably the most pressing mystery.
We all drive all three of our cop cars back to the station.
Did I lay out too many mysteries right off the top?
No we're just bad.
I think it's good leads to more.
You just gotta focus our energy on...
Okay let me get an intelligence check from whoever has the highest intelligence.
I got 50.
75?
55.
Yes.
You do have the dead body and you basically have one lead from that.
Which is the woman who called and then crashed your car.
Have we heard back from the coroner on...
Yes.
She had the brand on her back that said this is a fool.
Oh that's right.
Would I know this?
The brand that she had on her back was that in like the same size or font that the do
not open if you want to live was branded into the trunk.
You haven't seen a picture of the back.
Hey do you guys have a picture of the back that I could see?
He says to the wind.
Hey uh...
We all look at Keith.
What?
She was...
This just popped up in my mind because I'm a good detective.
He says confidently.
I'm a good detective.
So what I just thought that neither of you did, which proves how good of a detective
I am.
So the do not open if you want to live was branded into the trunk and that lady had that
brand in her back.
Yeah so I'd like to see a picture of the text on her back.
We can just have the coroner send that over.
Yeah what do you guys want to do next?
I think we maybe are interested in what's going on with the chief.
So I would call her real quick first.
Okay so you left John Peters house in what state?
I closed.
It seems like Keith did his due diligence so.
We closed the door this time.
And then just bailed.
And we leave.
Alright cool.
So you guys are back at the police station.
You let Drew know that you want to get a hold of county and get a picture of the back of
the body that was found out in the junkyard.
Honestly I'd like to have all the pictures that the coroner took just for posterity.
Sure.
Perfect absolutely.
So none of this in the box that we gave her made any sense to you?
I didn't recognize any of it.
It seemed like it might be symbolic of some sort of stratification in the city or perhaps
amongst the cult.
I panicked when that box was there and I said yeah I gave that to you.
Didn't know that it would make her react that way so.
I asked Drew so you didn't see anybody drop off that box?
No.
I called the chief.
Okay on her cell phone.
It goes straight to voicemail.
In my seventeen years with her.
This has never happened.
Not even remotely?
Not even close.
Okay so I'm a little maybe worried.
I would be.
Guys I think I'm going to go head over to the chiefs house just check on her.
She's never missed a day of work like this before.
Can I ride along with you I just I feel really really really bad.
Yeah sure.
I just want to apologize when we see her.
John Lee what are you thinking?
A man of few words.
Which ones do you want to use to describe your actions?
Tag.
Tag along.
Are you going to come with?
Yeah.
Might as well.
Shotgun.
We do that.
Okay you guys head over to the chiefs house.
The chief lives in the old neighborhood right by beans pond.
She has.
A nice old house.
Is that the northwest?
Is that beans pond?
No this is just southwest of downtown.
Where is the chiefs house in relation to John Peters and also Kerry pages?
The chief lives a few blocks northeast of John Peters and Mildred Mitchell and just
east of pages Kerry pages.
So they're all like within blocks of each other?
Oh yeah.
Cool.
Yep yep yep yep yep.
So you go to the chiefs house and her cruiser is not out front.
Does she drive her cruiser as her personal vehicle or does she have a personal vehicle?
I think she probably has a truck.
Like a F-150.
Can I do a search roll for the chief?
Yeah go for it.
He doesn't do a search roll for the chief.
Eighty four on a fitty.
You don't find her.
Oh darn.
Hey guys.
Guys I've really tried my best here.
Is her truck in the driveway?
You would know.
I think you've known her for a long time.
Her truck is in the garage typically.
I'm going to go and knock on the door.
Okay there's no response.
I look in the windows.
There is probably just like one window up front that you can see through the curtains
a little bit and you can't see it.
Could you describe her house to me?
It's nice.
Like are we?
Thank you for that.
This is a range style house.
It's got a nice little front patio area with a bench on it.
Nice.
Nice.
Made a note.
Cool.
Rick?
Uh yeah.
Of course.
What did it, what was my looking in the windows?
What did that?
See it's dark in there.
There's no movement.
I tried the handle.
See if it's open.
It's not.
It's locked.
I'm going to swing around back guys and see if the back door is open because I feel so
bad about making her storm off and I just, I need to apologize and this seems a little
fishy.
I don't know.
Go check it.
So I'm going to, yeah.
She's got a gate on her privacy fence that doesn't have a lock on it so you just go into
her backyard and as you're walking through her backyard you can see in her back windows
and the lights are off.
Nobody's home.
I'm going to check the back door.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Hold on just a second.
I'm going to do a roll for her real quick.
That's a spoiler that she is alive.
Oh yeah.
No, no, no.
Everything's locked up nice and tight.
Everything's locked up.
Okay.
Yep.
Well I swing back around front and uh.
Uh you guys think we should uh go and check on uh at Klinker's?
Does she hang out at Klinker's?
That's where she does her drinking.
I didn't, well the more you know.
I didn't see her there last night.
Let's go check and just see if, was it Harry Klinker?
Who's the guy that runs that place?
You know Harry.
I don't know Harry.
I don't know anybody in this town.
It's a few boys.
Let's go to Klinker's and check out and see if anybody saw her.
If not, you know, I think between the three of us we can handle this murder mystery.
We don't need the chief, but I'd love to apologize to her.
Her steady guidance would be appreciated.
So yeah, we head over to Klinker's.
Okay, you walk into Klinker's.
Klinker's is like a small shitty dive bar.
When you walk in, there's cigarette smoke hanging in the air.
There's three tables.
There's a pool table and a bar.
There's a couple of regulars in there and Harry, the owner and bartender is back behind
the bar.
He is a tall older man with turkey neck and bad teeth.
Yo turkey neck.
You stand under your breath as you walk in.
What did Harry do to you?
Dick?
I bet, like honestly, I bet Harry would be pretty anxious to see all three cops in town
walk into his establishment.
Absolutely he would be.
Can we establish this?
Do you know this guy?
Probably.
Yeah.
I think we all do.
I don't.
I'm playing the new kid in town.
I know, but you've been here for a few months.
You probably at least.
Wait, you are from here, right?
I'm from here, like elementary school, moved to the city.
Harry Klinker babysat every child.
Yeah.
He was my babysitter.
Did your mama never drop you off at Klinker's?
Oh, I forgot to mention there is a-
There's a baby seat.
You see, there's a doorway in the back right of the bar and it's got one of those baby
gates on it and there are three toddlers standing over the edge trying to crawl over.
No one's watching.
Harry?
We have some questions for you.
Hey, Harry.
Well, hey, question.
Have you seen the chief?
Not in a couple of days.
All right.
Thanks.
And we head out.
Bye, Harry.
Bye, Harry.
See you tonight.
That was Harry.
As we walk out, I'm a little bit shaken.
Did a bunch of memories from your childhood just come rushing back?
I pull out my pack of cigarettes that you guys have never seen me smoke.
Is this how you're going to vape on?
No, no, no, no.
I go, I just had some weird thoughts from my childhood come in.
I spent more time at Klinker's when I was a kid than I have since I've lived here.
Harry's like a second father to us all.
Yeah.
Oh, hey.
You came outside, Harry?
Yeah.
He's been following you.
He steps outside for a smoke.
Nice fresh air.
Harry, was Keith a picky eater?
I like hot dog sandwiches.
The city has changed you.
You cut up those hot dogs that boy eat them up real quick on some white bread.
Well, that doesn't really answer the question.
Can't really say we offered him much else.
So in your experience, no.
He's the pickiest eater I've ever seen.
He would only eat hot dogs cut up on white bread.
What are you guys doing?
Uh, where are we going?
Great question.
Okay.
What's, what's the hottest lead we got?
So I ran the body's prints and hair.
Got nothing back.
Yeah.
Took the body to the corner.
I guess we could run.
Have I, have I seen, have I seen those pictures from Ju yet?
Oh, uh, yeah.
Drew will send them on over.
Oh, go ahead and roll a sanity check for me.
No.
93.
Okay.
Yeah.
You're going to lose one sanity as you see this brutal act shown out on this, uh, this
woman's back.
The skin is blistered and boiled around each letter.
And instead of looking at the picture, I take his word for it.
Smart.
Did the corner and doing the autopsy of the body do anything more to identify it than
we did?
Would they have done anything like that?
The report came back with a bunch of odd results, so they're going to run them again to double
check some stuff.
They're not sure what's going on.
Okay.
And then also the Julie gal who crashed her car.
Yeah.
Julie Maxwell.
Rest in peace.
Yeah.
They called and said that she was pronounced dead last night.
We should maybe do some investigation on her.
We should probably get, uh, have the coroner look at her and give us some information.
Some kind of inquest.
Cause this is a, this is my main person of interest.
John, when you searched her car, did you get identification?
Yes.
Let's look into that.
Let's see if she's, let's run her name.
See if she's on casenet.
Yeah.
Right.
You want to just run her info in the database and maybe even Facebook or just like see if
you get any background on her.
Okay.
Sounds good.
You are going to find that she has an Etsy page for her taxidermy.
She's a taxidermist.
What's her last name, Julie Maxwell.
Maybe like a few, uh, disorderly conduct charges from a couple of years ago.
Here in town.
Here in town.
Was it alcohol related?
Yeah.
And then also she was given a restraining order 15 years ago and it was against a Leo
piston.
So she got it awarded to her against Leo or Leo put it out on her.
Leo put it out on her and Leo is the junkyard man.
Right?
Yeah.
Is Leo the one we met or did we meet his man?
Maybe we shouldn't have let him just go home last night.
I hope they're still there.
What's what's Leo's brother's name, George.
And we talked to Leo.
Right.
I think we talked to Leo.
Yep.
All right.
Well let's take off toot sweet to the piston boys.
We at least got to inform him what happened on his property.
That can be the auspices in which we visit them.
Yeah.
Okay.
And just to stay on the same thread, you guys wanted to talk to the hospital about Julie
Maxwell's body.
So you have Drew send over a message to them saying that you want a full report on the
autopsy of Julie Maxwell's body.
Okay.
And then the three of you head out to the piston farm.
It's kind of by the junkyard in the far Southeast corner.
So they like live right next to it.
Gotcha.
Googled it and I did not use auspices close camera close.
Well too hungover for some of these words.
Happy new year.
Okay.
So the three of you drive out to the piston farm.
It's a pig farm.
And when you arrive, it's on the old country road and there is a gate that is locked at
the insurance farm gate.
Yeah.
Call Leo.
You got his number, right?
Hey Leo.
Oh, the farm.
You can see the farm and it is probably 150 yards off the road.
I started hollering, but I also call him on myself.
I call him on myself.
Click.
Hey.
Oh, I thought, I thought he hung up.
Hello?
Hey Leo.
Hey buddy.
We're we're outside.
We need to, uh, yeah, this is, uh, this is John Lee Pettymore, the fourth of a deputy.
You know me, Leo.
You're the deputy?
I'm a deputy.
All right.
Just four, one we rarely see.
Can you let us in buddy?
To what?
You guys got my key?
Your pig farm?
Your very ominous pig farm.
We do also have his key to return to him.
We told him that we would do this.
Yeah.
Hey Leo, that's why we're here.
We're bringing you your key back.
I'll be right out.
So you wait a second after the phone call ends and his beat up old truck comes driving
down the road and goes up to the other side of the gate and he gets out of the truck
and walks up, kind of leans over the gate and he's still, he's wearing those overalls
and they're covered in shit and he's got no shirt on underneath it.
He's got one of the overalls, unstrapped, all sexy like, and uh, he leans over and he's
like, all right.
It's like piggy couture.
You got my key?
Oh boy.
Can't nail this voice down.
What's happening?
And cut and you got my key?
And one more.
You got my key?
Let's try it.
Let's try a funny one.
I'm so angry.
You got my key.
Sad.
One more time.
I think you nailed this.
I've got my key.
No, Leo.
Actually we do.
That's why we're here.
Oh, I like that back now.
Can we come in?
Could you put on some tea for us Leo?
We'd like to talk.
If you want to give me my key and then we could say bye, that'd be best case scenario
for me.
Well, Leo, that makes me want to talk to you even more.
Well, I'm a fun boy to talk to, but I just like my key.
Yeah.
Let's, uh, let us in here.
We'll, we'll get you your key once we settle down and, and, and y'all stay right there
and I'll reach my hand over this fence here, which I'm doing now.
Put your hands up.
Oh geez.
Okay.
So now he's horrified and he puts his hands straight in the air and he's like, what?
We're all good here.
Let's just go back to your house.
Let's sit down.
Let's have a drink.
And we gotta have, we have a few questions.
I'll be right back.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Okay.
Well we hop over the gate.
Yeah.
We come in.
Oh, he comes back on his cell phone and he's like, George, George, the police are here
and they hopped over the fence, but I don't think you should, they should be here.
They just came to return my key and now they're on the property.
So yeah, that actually, that we probably fucked up there.
If you could, if you could come down here and then he listens for a second and he's
like, Oh, warrant, warrant, warrant and or probable cause warrant.
Yeah.
Our probable cause is a dead body and you having a pig farm and it was on the dead body
was on your property.
There's a dead body on my property.
You knew this.
We told you this last night.
I'm angry at this guy right now.
I don't know him very well and he's not following my city cop orders and I'm kind of mad at
him.
So I'm going to step in the middle and try and diffuse the situation.
Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey, hey, uh, Keith, hang on, hang on a second.
Hey, I've got my hand on my gun and I'm looking at it.
Leo.
Uh, I'm sorry.
We, we kind of bum rush you right here like this.
Uh, it's just, we've got a, we're all pretty hungover.
We got a pretty strong case going here.
That's uh, it's real messed up, but uh, there's a chance that Julie Maxwell's caught up in
something here.
We found out that you had a restraining order against her.
We just wanted to know what that was about.
Yeah.
What's up with Julie Maxwell?
What an elegant way to put it.
I just don't, you know, that was the past and it's over and I, and she's, she's fine
now and everything, I did everything fine.
I'm fine.
No, no.
We know you got the restraining order against her.
We know that.
Yeah.
We just wondered what was the cause of all that?
It was because she thought I'd done killed her sister.
Why did she think that you killed her sister?
I accidentally, huh.
Wait, would we know about this case?
Go ahead and roll, uh, not you Keith, but the other two who are in town.
If you want to roll law.
Yeah.
54 and a 50.
Oh, bummer.
Uh, 29 on a 60.
Oh, awesome.
Uh, Clark Bishop, you would remember roughly 15 and a half years ago or so Leo piston,
uh, was involved in a manslaughter case for the death of Julie Maxwell's younger sister.
He did a year in juvie.
Wait, how old was he at the time?
He was 16.
How old is he right now?
Well, that was about, yeah, he's like 32.
Were you just testing his math?
I was thinking of Leo is like a 60 year old man.
So that no, I definitely did not think this Leo.
You look a little worse for where I think this Julie business has been, it's been way
in on you.
I've been, I'm been good and I've been good and everything's been fine.
Does Clark remember the sister's name?
Uh, her sister's name was, uh, it was, uh, well, Ashley boom.
Does Clark connect the dots?
As soon as he hears Leo say that, would I have been like, Oh yeah, the Maxwell girls,
like, did I know them?
You wouldn't, it was kind of a big deal, but that was 15 years ago and a lot, you know,
a lot of stuff happened.
A lot of clinkers between then and now.
A lot of TV dinners.
They were going for a second degree, which is a cop.
I of course know means.
Well, obviously as a cop manslaughter law and order has taught us is when some somebody's
dead, but you didn't mean nothing.
Second degree murder is any intentional murder with malice, a forethought, but is not premeditated
or planned.
Hmm.
A crime of passion.
We're in a pretty heated moment in world right now.
Definitely.
All these memories are flooding into your brain.
Clark Leo immediately just throws his hands into his overalls like kind of childlike hands
in his shirt.
Luke, I think you said Keith Vigna has his hand on his gun.
Yeah, I have my hand on my gun, but also I can sense the little relationship that Clark
and him have going on.
So I moved my hand from my gun to my taser.
Keith, Keith, there's no need for that.
I looked, I'm looking straight at Leo.
Leo's a good boy.
I'm a good, I'm a good, I'm a good, I'm a good boy.
He's a good boy to talk to.
I'm a good boy.
Let's go back to your house and let's talk about this.
No, it's fine.
It's fine.
No, we can talk.
We can talk right here.
We can talk right here at this gate.
I turned to Keith.
Hey, Keith.
I forgot that I knew all about this restraining order that Ashley girl, that happened right
around when I joined up with the force.
It was, it was a bad time.
I ease my grip up on my taser, but I'm still kind of hovering.
I turn back to Leo.
Leo.
I'm sorry we brought all that up.
It's just, we've got a, we've got a real sticky case here.
Sticky?
Hairy.
Hey Leo though, have you had any contact with Julie in the past few weeks?
No, no.
She stayed away.
She stayed away.
She hasn't, she hasn't reached out to you recently?
No.
I think with that information that you had before, you would know that the, her sister
died on December 1st, 15 years ago.
So wait, this is the anniversary or the day after?
Yesterday was the anniversary.
Wow.
Bad day for her parents.
I look, I look right at Leo and I go, do you know anyone that drives a white Honda Toyota?
A white Honda Toyota?
A white Toyota Honda Accord Civic.
Leo, you know anybody in town who has a white Toyota?
Leo, do you know anybody that drives a, is it a Toyota?
Yeah.
Do you know anybody?
Sorry.
No, it's really funny.
No, this is definitely the guy you should ask about this.
Do you know anybody in town?
Leo, where's the chief?
Hey, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a good detective.
Leo, do you know anybody in town that drives a white Toyota?
What?
Don't.
Why are you changing that?
My hand goes back to my taser.
Tell me if you know anybody that drives a white Toyota.
I don't know anybody that drives a white Toyota.
How can I believe you?
Roll human.
That's exactly how I get it.
Yeah.
There's mechanics for that.
I got a 74.
On a what?
On an 80.
Oh, for real?
For real.
Okay.
Damn.
He, he is scared.
He is very, very scared.
Is there an intimidate roll that I can do?
Leo, I'm really sorry.
We are not our best today.
We're a little unfocused.
Can I have my key back?
We frankly don't know why we're here.
I just want my key.
It just seemed like the right thing to do.
I just want my key back.
We're going to need that for a couple more days probably.
What happened?
Well, we were hoping you could fill in some blanks earlier.
I just came out last night and brought y'all the key and then I left and y'all said something
bad happened.
What happened?
Hey, I know it didn't have a face and all, but did you recognize that body laying in
your garbage yard?
There was a what?
And he immediately gets back on the phone.
Did he?
Did we not?
My taser is unholstered.
He turns around and he's like walking back towards his truck.
George, George, there was a body found at the junkyard.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know.
I come up behind Leo.
Hey Leo, is that George on the phone there?
Yeah.
Would you mind if I talked to him?
Okay, George, I'm going to give the phone to Clark Bishop, the chief man, the cop police.
And he hands you the phone.
Hey, George.
It's Clark.
Hey.
Hi.
Yeah, this is me.
I'm George.
We're up here.
We're returning your brother's key to the lot.
Yeah.
Will you stop giving him so much trouble and give him the key?
Yeah.
I got to tell you though, George, we found a body last night out there at the yard.
Yeah, that's what Leo just said.
What kind of body?
Are you talking a weirdly coyote?
Talking coyotes?
No, it's a human body.
We found a dead woman on your property.
The fuck you did?
What?
Yeah, so we've got some questions for you and your brother.
Is there a time you guys can meet us down at the station?
Yeah, I suppose we can make that happen.
Gosh, does it have to be today?
Preferably, yeah.
As he's talking, I'm poking him on the arm like, I want to talk.
We'll meet you there around five.
Does that work?
Yeah, that sounds good.
All right.
Now will you give my brother his key back?
Of course.
Get off our property please.
We're heading out of here right now.
What does he say?
What does he say?
I want to talk to him.
Let me talk to him.
I put him back on with Leo.
What does he say?
Yeah, he's going to come in and talk to us.
Don't need to give him any time to talk to each other and plan something out.
I want to talk to him right now.
A smart thing to do as RPG players, but probably a bad thing to do as cops would be to have
made a copy of that key.
Well, you know, hindsight is a crit success.
Hindsight screwed the pitch, bro.
It's like three o'clock or so, right?
Yeah, it's like three o'clock.
So it's only a couple hours.
If you're concerned about it, we could watch the house.
Keith Vigna is very suspicious.
I'm going to stay here.
I'm going to stay here and make sure they don't leave before they go to the PD.
Okay, for sure.
Do you give Leo his key back?
Okay, cool.
As soon as he gets it, he gets it back on the key ring.
As I'm handing it over, I'm like, so I'm sorry about this, Leo.
I know it was real, real frightening, but we just had to figure some stuff out.
We're all good though now.
We're good?
Yeah.
You and your brother are going to come down and talk.
You'll have him there.
And hopefully over the course of the day, we all get a lot more focused and disciplined.
I believe in you.
I bet y'all can do it.
Really get our heads straight on what we're trying to do here.
I really bet y'all have direction and purpose in all of your decisions.
Leo, you are nothing short of an angel.
And you, sir, are my wings.
All right, I'll see you at clinkers, buddy.
While I stay here, I want to find somewhere that I can hide out, that I can see the entrance,
but I don't want them to know that I stayed behind.
Okay.
Is there like a tree line close or like-
Are you doing this to hide to see if they talk to each other?
They live together?
No.
Which we also knew.
In my mind, I knew that they lived together all the time.
I just, I wanted to see the comings and goings and kind of like try to be a little spy.
Can I roll something besides stealth?
You can roll law.
That's a 30 on a 40.
Oh, nice.
So yeah, you can find a nice spot where you would be able to keep an eye on their comings
and goings.
Tell me how much I can get away with here.
I get into my car and I pull it into a little clearing in the woods and my car is hidden,
but I'm standing outside of my car, eyes scanning for now, because I think what I'm going to
do is do a little walk around.
For sure.
Sounds good.
Cool.
Thomas and Joe, what do you guys want to do?
Probably I'm heading back to the station to get ready for the interview.
Okay, cool.
When I get to the station, I'm probably looking at any updates as far as maybe the information
from the hospital about Julie, maybe checking in with Drew about the chief, all that kind
of stuff.
Okay, so when you get back to the police station-
I want to read the chief's journals.
Okay, sounds good.
You would know from working with Chief Maggie Cook that she always carried a blue notebook
with her everywhere she went.
What was the color of the notebook that Drew gave her?
Yellow was the color of the notebook that was gifted.
The blue one is on her desk.
The yellow one is not in her office.
A red leather notebook and a yellow leather notebook?
I was thinking more of like, Zach, what's your favorite Bourne Ruffins album?
And why is it red, yellow, and blue?
There are three colors that these notebooks come in.
The third is red and there is not a red notebook in this office.
The blue notebook is a day-by-day journal of sorts.
It has to-do lists, grocery lists, and random thoughts.
It's basically her notepad app for a phone, but it's physical copies she carries around
everywhere she goes.
Oh my God, Zach.
It's basically her notepad app for her phone, but she carries it around physically.
It's her notepad.
Yeah, that's what I said.
Dog.
Cat.
What are we doing?
Millennial trash.
It is dated on the front and then a dash and no end date on it, but the first date is like
November 3rd or something like that.
So this is since November 3rd to December 1st are her notes.
And it fills up like three quarters of this notebook.
Chief is thorough.
She's very thorough.
She's very good at her job.
But most of what's in there is notes about her job.
Clark Bishop, as you sit down, what were you looking into?
Seeing if we got anything back about Julie in the hospital about her death and all that
stuff.
Oh yeah.
The hospital actually called and this is the craziest thing, but they heard screaming coming
from the morgue and it turns out that Julie Maxwell pronounced dead.
Not actually dead.
Yeah.
They, somebody did it wrong and how can you live without a face?
So you say to yourself as you're in the office reading a notebook runs down my spot.
This face stuff is really getting to John Lee.
Pettymore values his face.
Is it drew?
She in the city.
This is the hospital in the city.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'll head that way.
You guys want to talk to my mom?
Yes.
Put her on air.
Hey mom.
Hello.
Are you going to have time for dinner or not?
If you don't, that's fine.
No.
Uh, so right now you're on speakerphone with Zach, Thomas and Joe and millions of listeners
across the nation.
Hi guys.
Hello.
Hi.
How are ya?
Good.
What did you make for dinner?
Um, Texas Roadhouse was going to make us a stay.
Hell yeah.
And I would, I would love to come, but I am.
I bet I'm playing the game with them and we're recording it for a podcast right now.
So am I going to get to be in the podcast?
Yeah.
Here, let's find a good level for you.
Say something spooky.
Say something spooky.
Dragons are scary.
Dragons are scary.
I'm the only one trying to fool.
How can you have enough drowning out of the noise?
I'm the only one trying to fool.
