How do you do fellow wolf pups? It's your fellow teen wolf. Wolf the dog pup.
I like to skateboards, roller them blades, and vape that juice.
When I spit them hot stinky thick gunky clouds
Shoot, dang. I get so many likes and so many subscribes and I am streaming at you live from
694.2 PTBP, the only radio station that is also where I am currently living.
I am the influencer.
My influence shall know no bounds.
I shall eat Mark Zuckerberg's eyes so that he may see the dark void for all eternity.
Smash that like button.
This episode's Howlin' with Wolf is from Zach.
But not the one you know. From occupied Piscataway and Anacostian land known as Washington, DC
who tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pod. A very productive use of 15 seconds.
He writes, I have a little love song for a very special something in my life.
My baby takes the morning train.
As shelter from the rising sun, she will return to me again to finally waitin' for her.
My baby's eyes can see through time. She sings to me what must be done.
The life I had's no longer mine. The world is waitin' for her.
Wow, Zach. What a wonderful ditty you done and gone and composed over there.
The only songs I write cannot be interpreted by human ears.
I think yours can though, so that's probably good.
Anyway, if you want to write up something for your influencer wolf to how,
tag it pretending pod on Instagram or Twitter.
These fuckers at pretending to be people repost amazing fan art,
share behind the scenes moments,
and dish out hot visual content with every new episode over on that there social media.
Life is full of grays, complex situations, so fuck Mark Zuckerberg and smash that follow button.
Fuck Jack Conte and support us on Patreon. Fuck me?
And picture whatever it is you think I look like the next time you're about to bust a whole nut.
Then you'll inevitably want to have a little snooze, but keep it up. It's time for the news.
Last time, Clark ran away from the site of the shimmering silver sea
and into Dr. Marie Jacobs and Salem the cat in Doug Jacobs' body.
He kept fleeing, but the next door brought him through the same threshold he had just crossed.
He bumped into John, who had just opened up the same hatch,
and the two stumbled forward to greet the witch doctor and her cat man familiar.
Down the ladder, Keith lied to the boat's hosts, Don D. Pettymore and Jack Russell.
He told them he knew where the door Jack searched for was located.
From this sea level view, Keith saw a rope bridge on the adjacent wall to the ladder he had just
used that led to a second stilted bunker above this shiny sterling surf.
Back in the room that wasn't filled with junk and a helpless Leo piston,
Clark and John yucked Dr. Marie Jacobs yum for a while,
and then John found solace in his quantumly colorful orifice ooze.
I think the image of old John squirting goo out his face holes would make for some sick album art.
Speaking of, take a moment. Check out Bandcamp or Spotify or MySpace
For those of you who are too young to remember, MySpace is my temperature contrasting basement
studio where I find the hottest new tracks with the coolest album art.
An example might be Dragon in 3 with What Kind of World Are You Livin' In?
Uh, Thomas, Joe, any last words?
Last words.
Yeah, sorry we ended on such a banger for you last time that you really want to...
Okay, headphones off.
You want to, you just want to shut us down, you just don't want to...
Like, all of us?
Yeah, this was just an exercise to like,
oh, thanks for doing that, but that's worthless to me now. Now's a new moment.
Yeah, that was a week ago.
Is it all disposable to you? Is that what this is?
Yeah, right?
Disposable, like a camera.
Or thumbs on a human.
Yeah, disposable thumbs.
That's what makes me a human.
That's what sets us apart.
Yeah, our disposable thumbs.
Uh, Zach, if we say anything else, it's basically going to be half this episode
in conversation with Marie Jacobs, so why don't you just go on over to those other boys?
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Take your headphones off. Thomas, take your headphones off.
Joe.
Thank you.
Hello, Luke and Justin. Hi.
Hello, Rosanne.
Hi. You guys are climbing a ladder. You guys are climbing a ladder.
First on the ladder is Jack Russell, this man in a beanie, big fluffy beard.
And behind him, Keith Vigna, who's looking up and just said, nice view.
And then behind him, Don D. Pettymore, the three of you are climbing the ladder,
just after Keith Vigna came to a realization about where the hatches were
in the room you're about to walk up into.
And then where the rope bridge is that is seemingly not attached to a door
that you could see in this bunker-like room that you were in before.
This bunk yard, junker bunker, junker junk yard bunker, piston junk yard bunker yard.
The man above you kind of looks down between the ladder
and his big belly and sees you below and is like, oh, you new boy.
How'd you get here?
Are you talking to me?
Yeah, me and the other fella here was old cats.
We got here different ways.
How'd you get here?
I kind of floated in.
Floated?
Yeah.
No, I mean, what got you before you fell up?
What got me? Goo.
Goo?
Where are you from, boy?
Contention, USA.
What about you?
You sound like you're from across the pond.
I'm from Contention too, but...
Well, not you, this other guy.
Oh, this guy.
You sound like you're from across the pond.
No, I'm from Contention.
I thought he was talking about like the actual creek.
You sound like you're from across Bean's Pond.
You know, the dialect, it do change if you go, yeah.
It's very distinct from one side of Contention to the other.
Honestly, mate, I feel like I've lived so many lives.
I'm so old, you know, my memories just feel like someone else's.
How old are you?
I don't even know.
I have a lost period of time there.
How did you guys get here?
What is here?
Where are we?
No fucking clue, but we're looking for the door out.
Do you know where it is or...
And at this point in time, you've easily climbed a 10 yard long ladder.
And so the three of you will go back into this junkyard of a room
where you do hear the crying sounds of Leo Piston as he is just in tortured pain.
Jack Russell turns around, helps you finish up the ladder trek,
does the same for Don D. Pettymore.
Leo, I feel awful bad.
Are you just gonna lay there or...
Nah, I can't do anything else.
It hurts too bad.
Are you gonna...
Do you think you're gonna make it?
Are you gonna be better or is this the rest of your life?
Forever, probably.
If you find a way out, I guess come get me.
Okay, okay.
Will do, will do.
I'm sure that I will not forget about you.
Hey, what's your name again?
Who, me?
The kid, you, yeah.
That's Leo Piston.
Ligma?
No, but you.
Me? I'm Keith.
Yeah.
Keith Vigna.
Keith, who the hell is that?
That, I just told you, it's Leo Piston.
Oh, I thought you said Ligma Piston.
Ligma Piston.
Yeah, Leo runs the up dog.
God damn it.
I wanna know what the goo is, mate.
I got here because I got eaten by some fucking monster in a lake.
He got here because he jumped through, I don't even fucking believe him.
I took a step in a, in a bag.
What?
A bag?
And I got here.
What sort of bag?
Here's a Nike bag.
Oh.
Things go in, they, they usually don't come out.
Where'd you get it?
I've always had it.
You've always had-
It's, I, I use the bag.
You still have it?
Do I still have it?
Yeah.
No.
Where is it?
That's how I got in here.
So we're in your bag?
Maybe we gotta find another bag or a hole in the ceiling.
Where the bag opens up.
Yeah, but I got here because I got eaten by a fucking lake monster.
Which lake?
Lake Comb.
At Comb Comfy Campground.
Oh, I thought you said comb.
Like, you gotta talk better, man.
Now if you just listen better, you can understand my friend Jack Russell here.
That's right.
Should we walk across that bridge?
Jack Russell starts moving all the junk that's in the way on that wall that's adjacent to
where you just walked into this room.
He clears this wall, there's no hatch.
Leo, did you see where, where'd, uh, where'd, uh, my friends go?
Did you forget their names?
Clark and John.
Jesus Christ.
I had a total brain fart there.
How do you not know?
Clark and John went through that hatch and he points to the other hatch.
I look at Jack and Don and kind of point at that hatch.
You guys, well, after you, I guess.
Lead the way, Jack.
All right, I guess, well, yeah, we'll all just go in here.
I mean, what, you got any other ideas?
Oh, no, I guess not.
And he slams open the lever of the hatch and opens up the door.
What do I see?
Clark and John, their backs as they are standing in a empty room that does not have a ceiling
on it, or maybe it does.
It's all just this, I found the top of the bag.
And they are talking to Dr. Marie Jacobs and Doug Jacobs who are laying on the ground.
Dr. Marie Jacobs.
When was the last time I saw them?
Oh, the last time you saw them was on a security camera because they weren't in their cell
anymore.
And you looked at the security footage and saw them being picked up and slammed into
the ground repeatedly.
And then they disappeared as if you had never seen them.
Yeah, and then that just didn't stick in my mind, apparently.
That was just normal goings on.
Clark Bishop and John Lee, Kevin Moore III, you feel the hatch behind you open.
And as you turn around, you see that Keith Vigna, Keith Beans, has arrived into this
room along with Don D. Pettymore and this man wearing the beanie and the overalls that
are made of corduroy.
Before you ask anything, we've got the cat fucking all out of control.
Or under control.
What?
Cat fucking is under control.
It's not out of control, it's under control.
Now what the hell are you boys doing under your boat?
I thought that was the boat that would take us out of here eventually.
Oh, we tied it up.
All right, all right.
As I'm now closer and I'm realizing that my eyes weren't paying tricks on me, Don D.
is kind of frozen a little bit, seeing what appears to be his brother, but with kind of
a different sounding voice.
Also, as you look at him, you know how you've been in here for a while and you've kind of
gotten used to seeing that everything's made out of this inky black substance that is also
super colorful and is also the sky, but also like objects are kind of that color or texture
too.
That same substance is pouring out of John Lee, Pettymore the Third's bodies, eye sockets
and nose and mouth and ears.
Are you okay, John?
Ever been better, Keith?
You look crazy right now.
Do you not see what's happened to touch your face?
Can you feel it?
I mean, no, you can't feel it.
It does look cool.
Brother, I don't want to alarm you, but you got oozed, oozing out your orifices.
That's right.
That's right.
I'm the ghost of your brother.
Boo!
Stupid piece of shit.
I'm your brother, asshole.
Yeah, I'm your brother.
What's going on?
How you doing, bro?
Something seems off about him.
Can I roll like a human or something?
Yeah, yeah.
Go ahead and roll persuade against him, Thomas.
I rolled a two.
Tension building.
Sorry, my other D10 fell on the floor.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
That's a 22 on a 60 crit success.
Hell yeah.
All right, nice.
So this is your brother.
It's been a while since you've seen him, huh?
So I mean, God, it's been years and then it's been however long you've been in here.
John, how did you get down here?
John really exaggeratedly rolls his eyes to the side at Keith and Clark.
I need to talk to you for a second.
Violently stabbing his eyes to the side.
Hold on one minute.
Big brother, little brother.
I think I'm your big brother.
Am I your big brother?
And you used to call me little brother.
That's why I said that.
Big brother, I'll be gone for just a second to talk to these fellows,
but I do need to confer with my associates for just a second.
But then we'll catch up.
Clark, Keith.
And then he's really stabbing his eyes to the side.
Hey, if you guys need to talk for a second, we will stay in here with the cat lady
and you can go back in through this hatch.
And he kind of opens up the hatch that's open.
Oh, he opens it more back into the Leo piston bunker junkyard.
All right.
Nobody asked you, British guy.
But while y'all are in here, do not fuck that cat.
We'll be right back.
Puts out his hand.
John reluctantly shakes it as he's trying to walk back.
And he's like, again, no one asked.
We will be right back.
This won't take long.
As Clark walks past Jack, he shakes his hand too.
Like the dog.
Huh.
And then keeps following into the next room.
Okay, I guess, Justin, take off your headphones
because Thomas doesn't want you here.
Goodbye.
Justin, the person knows exactly what this conversation is about.
He just failed the persuade role about it.
So he can be here, but this, this huddle is literally just John saying,
all right, now you might not have quite picked up on what was going on in there.
Might've been a little too subtle.
I never knew you had a brother, John.
That's just the thing.
I don't my pappy did because I'm in the body of my pappy.
That's my uncle.
Right, right.
So why are you, do you just not want to frighten him by telling him who you are?
I just, we don't know.
We don't know who we can trust Keith.
We don't know what is going on in this world.
Is that my uncle or is that the goo manifest in some kind of trader could be either way.
It might behoove us to have some kind of advantage over him.
Like, you know, the hidden identity.
John, what was your relationship with this guy?
Is he a, is he a good uncle?
Is he, was it a strained relationship?
Did you, did you know him very well or?
Now by many more standards, he was a pretty good uncle.
Like about half the time he'd take you on into the bar instead of you having to sit
out in the hard car.
That's nice of him.
That puts him in the top quarter for sure of my uncles.
But at the same time, he's a vicious criminal.
Uh, he's a mean son of a bitch and I don't really recall all my past lives, but I believe
I owe him money.
Is this the one you were telling us about?
Yeah, it is.
And he always just seemed to take a shot into my daddy.
So it, I just, perhaps while I have this physical form, I'm my daddy.
That's my only strategy here.
I don't have steps ahead to this thing that it just felt it's an instinctual move.
Yeah.
Support that or we just, do we eliminate the last 20 minutes of this podcast and just go
in there and tell him who I am?
No, I got your back.
I think playing our cards close to the vest at this point is the best idea if we got the
leg up on them already.
Open up your heart, Jon.
Shut up, Leo.
Yeah, shut the fuck up, Leo.
I'm still here.
You better not tell him who we is.
You're not a part of this.
So don't try to be part of the cool.
You're not part of the quick, but solving the mystery.
Yeah, we know.
Cope, Leo Cope.
We got to go talk to important people in that other room.
Just fucking try not to make too much noise while you're in here.
God damn.
I was, I was thinking you guys remember those pictures that the camera took of the people
and the, it was basically just complete blackness.
What if that's that room?
Or all around us, right?
And it, in the kind of the, the state of being we, we, we, or, or, yeah, just this place.
I wonder if what, you know, if that's the thing and what it means, but what, what does
it mean?
Where the hell are we?
Where the hell are we?
We're in the goo world where I'm from.
You're from what?
Have you not seen my God damn goo eyes?
I mean, yeah, but catch up Clark.
I'm Keith.
I mean, mustard Clark, the mundane design, the mundane designations of the old world
kind of ceased to cease to interest me as I spend more time.
I don't know if this is the same experience for all of you, but for me right now, there's
a lot of things that seem impossible and yet are every day, they seem normal and not normal
all the time at the same time.
And when, when John just said that he's from here, that didn't ring any bells for him.
That didn't ping any, any alarms for me.
Oh, uh, that's the end of the last episode.
You should go listen to that.
No, I'm saying it didn't, it didn't scare me that you said that and it sounded normal.
It sounded correct.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The Samesies, bro.
Let's go lie to my uncle.
What were you guys talking to Dr. Marie Jacobs about?
Oh, like very little before you burst in.
You'll honestly get as much a chance to talk to her as we would.
Basically we just established, well, we accused her of cat fuckery.
I don't know if you noticed, but Doug's in there also, but that Salem and Doug's body
remember.
So, and they were, they were cuddling in a really unsettling way.
Exactly.
Right.
Well, yeah, that's the question.
Cause she's all like, Oh, isn't it just normal for a person to just be like hanging out with
their cat and then other stuff.
And you're like, well, what does other stuff mean?
And she's like, how dare you say what other stuff means, you know?
And it's like, she's fucking her cat.
I think that's illegal.
I think we might have to do something about that.
You're absolutely right, Keith.
But we, I think we need to get some information out of that cat fucker.
And I agree that can, that can wait until after it.
So she's another one.
We're just going to have to lie to you and kind of be like, Hey, we are cool with you
and we're not about to arrest you for fucking your cat man.
Also, there's just a question of jurisdiction.
It doesn't seem quite practical here, but we will get to the bottom of all of this.
John Clark, you notice that a lot of the junk on the wall that is adjacent to the two walls,
basically four walls in this piston bunker junkyard and two of the walls that are parallel
with each other have hatches on them.
But then one of the walls has been cleared of junk.
So you can clearly see that junk has been moved.
So you can see three walls now, two with hatches, one without.
Leo, you've been picking up in here?
You've been, you've been cleaning up?
And no, that beast guy came in here, knocked it down and said, why isn't there a fucking
hatch here?
If you want to go onto rope bridge, whatever Keith was talking about.
Yeah.
Jack Russell cleared it out.
Why did they clear out the wall without the door?
Would you see if there was a door behind it?
I would assume.
Why would they do that though Keith?
Uh, or we, uh, uh, I was under the impression that we cleared the junk to see if there was
a door.
I will never find out now.
Listen to the episode.
At the end of the day, it seems like, uh, that these two guys, your uncle and whoever
the Jack Russell is, they've got, they got more of a situational awareness to maybe let's
talk to Jack and Don.
Don said he got in, got here from a bag.
He has a Nike bag.
He got in it and that's how he got here.
Clark gasps.
Did it, did the bag fall into it?
Oh, he got in the bag and now he's here.
Yeah, he's, we're, he's in the bag, which means we're in the bag, which in that room
in there, there didn't seem to be a ceiling on that room.
And so I was thinking maybe that is the, how we got to climb up out of the bag or something.
Oh, you think we're, we're in the bag.
We could technically also be in a giant lake creature.
Why would the roof of the bag be described as having endless stars?
Cause it might be nighttime and the bag is pointed up at the sky.
But you can't see that through the bag, bud.
Well, the bag's probably open.
To, to, to recap though, that bag is the thing that we were throwing, or we were told to
throw balls into that they said they didn't know where those, where those went.
So now we know that guess that they come here, or at least that's what happens when a person
goes in the bag.
Who said just something, perhaps an episode ago about a ball falling from the sky into
this very ocean.
Was that Marie?
That was me.
That, oh, hey bud.
Hey, you want to talk to me again?
Yeah, how many balls, how many balls you seen fall from the sky?
I reckon one so far.
That was probably the ball we dropped in here.
Yeah.
We've only dropped one ball in here, right?
Two now, I guess.
And John looks kind of proud.
He slicks his hair back.
Uh, I'm embracing my identity, Keith.
Sorry.
My headphones just like stopped working, but now they're back.
So I didn't hear anything you said.
Well, just be happy for me.
I'm happy for you.
Thank you.
Also, Jack Russell said he got swallowed up by a lake creature, so we could also be in
a lake creature too.
And I mean, we didn't, we didn't go in a bag either.
We got sucked up by a wave of ooze.
So it's like all these different vectors point us in the same direction.
That ball came down here like a metal spider and jumped inside Julie Maxwell.
She went out the Marie Jacobs door, which we've been out twice now and wrapped back
around once.
And she wasn't, she wasn't between here and there.
Yeah, but then she left again out the other one.
Oh, she went out, she went out the, she went out the ocean door.
Yeah, she went out both of them a bunch of times.
Does she ever talk to you?
When did she finally leave?
She's coming and going.
Hmm.
When's the last time she left?
Um, two minutes ago.
Oh no.
Two minutes?
Like days, weeks, forever?
It was forever ago.
See guys, this is what I'm talking about.
This, this, this place is, is all, it's all backwards and forwards and yeah.
Makes it real easy to understand where people are.
They could be anywhere.
Well, I suppose that's true.
You know, I'm always right here though.
I'm right here.
We're actually, we're from a time where you weren't right here.
How do you feel about that?
That blow your little gourd?
All right.
Well, you know, I probably should.
That was mean.
That was mean.
I tried to feel superior to you because I'm not lying here, mortally wounded on my back,
just rolling around for eternity.
Oh, when you put it like that, will you please come find me?
If you find a way out, please bring me back.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah, that's, that's the goal.
Remember, I promise not to forget you, Leo.
And I, I am glad, you know, you don't got to keep reminding us.
We'll find you.
Well, if you promise to not forget me, then I'll remind you that you said something about
a bridge being on the other side of this wall, but there ain't no hash out.
That's why we were looking for the height of the hatch for the bridge.
There's a bridge on the other side of this wall.
That is that a fact?
Yeah.
There's a bridge and it goes to, uh, like a Terabithia.
No, it goes to, uh, that's a YA novel.
I don't know how to describe the thing.
It's, uh, if you were to Google Terabithia red sand forts, it would remind you of that.
No, I believe that's where we are.
But wasn't the bridge going to one of those in the ocean?
Okay.
Yeah.
So it goes to, there's a bridge to another one of the things of which we are currently
inside.
Is that the accepted theory?
Yes.
Did Don and Jack see it from their boat?
Is that how they knew it was there?
I saw it when I was down the ladder.
I saw it.
You saw a bridge extended from this feller over to another feller.
Maybe we should try to break, break through the wall.
Clark just wants to touch that wall.
He just wants to walk up to it kind of slowly, both arms outstretched and just kind of feel
it.
Is there anything there?
Oh yeah.
It feels like a little oozy like goo because it's dark and colorful and, uh, and your hand
just kind of like presses into it.
And it's a little wet and cold, uh, but then it's not at all.
It's just normal wall.
I don't break through the other side of it though or anything.
It's just, it's just a solid wall suddenly again at the same time as it being goo.
Of course.
John has a hunch and he wants to touch the wall in the exact same spot where Clark did.
What do you want to do about it?
Does my hand behave the same way?
What do you want to happen?
I want to see if I can just poke right on through.
Roll a natural.
Pass.
29 on a 60 whatever.
Describe.
You can see bad-ass like black ooze coming from John's fingernails and dripping down
his hand.
And as he touches the wall, the ooze from his fingernails kind of reaches out and little
tendrils and the wall reaches out and little tendrils back and they emerge and then his
hand just passes through.
Yup.
And he's like, Oh, I got us.
And John just kind of like whips open an opening because it's, it's just him.
It's the same thing.
What the absolute fuck is that?
As the other hatch opens, Jack Russell and Don D. Pettymore walk into this room as John
Lee moves his hands into this wall and makes an opening and you can see out there is a
looks like a rope bridge, but it's made out of the same texture that makes up the wall
and the sky and everything around you.
And it's a rope bridge that leads to a second bunker stilted above about 10 yards.
This shimmering silver sea.
Do you guys think we should go across?
I start walking across it.
Wait, Keith.
Keith, careful that, uh, we don't know where, uh, uh, Leo told us that Julie's ball now
and it sounds like maybe a mean ball.
I don't know if it's a good ball, like John here, or if it's a mean ball.
Like we've like a spine ripping ball.
She could, she could be anywhere.
You mean you ball.
I didn't mean anything by it.
Uh, you know, you know how I feel about you and what we're doing now.
I just mean there's, there's you type of balls and there's Julie Maxwell type of balls.
That seems like there's maybe a helpful ball and not, not helpful balls.
Mean, mean spine ripping balls.
Isn't John a spine ripping ball?
Yeah, I don't know what you, how do you know Julie's a spine ripping ball?
You don't know a goddamn thing about that ball.
You're just assuming that ball is going to rip your spine out.
I am assuming that because, because it did that to Julie.
That's what Leo said.
Leo said it came down and ripped her spine out.
Well, my ball did that to my daddy.
So do you have a problem with that?
I mean, I kinda, I didn't really realize that you were a spine ripping.
Yeah, we never talked about that, but that's crazy.
Dondi Pettymore is now hearing this entity inside of his brother.
Talk about ripping out the spine of his brother.
And for the second or third or millionth time this campaign,
Thomas has forgotten who's in the room.
John, shut the fuck up, uncle Don.
Yeah, I'm, I'm John.
I'm ball.
I just made this opening in the ooze.
Walk through it.
If you want to live, wait, you're any questions?
I didn't think so.
Get across the fucking bridge, uncle.
Dondi Pettymore has like a wild look in his eyes as he approaches.
What he thought was his brother.
John, John, little John, not the rapper.
Don't make a joke about the rapper.
What?
What?
Okay.
Oh no.
I said little John.
Oh no.
You said little John three times.
He grasps you and tries to like, like look, look into your soul.
Is that you boy?
Yeah, it's me.
How the hell did you get in my brother?
I kind of want to know that now too, I guess.
Well, so what happened is, but y'all know I'm ball.
You know I'm ball.
You all know this.
What the hell is ball?
We've talked about me.
Well, I ripped out of my John the fourth spine and I landed in my daddy's spine.
But at the time he was kind of a semi brainwashed, you know, super soldier, half robot for an
evil crime Lord in the city.
You know, more or less my ball took over his body.
That is your brother's body.
I'm your nephew.
You know, you got to laugh.
And well, I'm technically his dad.
Hey, that's right.
Screw you.
I guess it's, I guess it's just the terminology that I was hung up on.
Like just then you just said things like landed in and became, but you ripped out the spine
of a person and put yourself into their place.
That's just a little more violent than I'd ever been picturing before, but I guess you
haven't done it to me.
So John Lee, Kevin Moore, like is just looking dead at Clark.
And he thinks at first that he's looking like the eye, but then he realizes he's looking
right at his neck.
Oh gosh.
It's like, no, no, I never have done that to you Clark.
And I never will.
You got, you got a skinny little neck and he kind of like touches his tongue as he sees
the thick neck of Keith.
Keith Vigna like tries to kind of sink his neck, make it shorter, like a little turtle.
Keith Vigna, are you turtley enough for the turtle club?
Turtle.
Turtle.
What's the turtle club?
Is that a weird looking penis thing?
Is that about wieners?
Yeah, that a wiener thing?
That's about it's about, yeah.
That's about beans.
That's about your dinger.
I'll show you a dinger.
I always say a little ding-a-ling.
Let's go across this bridge.
What I've been saying, but y'all wanted to know about spies.
I think, I think my point still stands.
We don't know the motives of this Julie ball.
Just keep an eye out.
Just keep, keep a head on a swivel.
Yeah, obviously we're looking out for bad guys, but like.
When y'all are saying ball.
What kind of point is that Clark?
That we don't, oh, let's stay in these two, two rooms forever with the weird lady who
fucks her cat man.
Because like maybe something's out there that might wish us ill and like the last five days
of our lives.
Come on, man.
To be honest, I'm just wondering why we're not taking the boat and trying to get farther
away from this area that we know that Julie's in.
Oh, you mean that boat into the endless ocean until the, instead of like the bridge to the
only other structure we can see?
Don and Jack, you guys came from somewhere.
You had to have, you got a boat.
Let's just go back there.
It's been a long time since we've seen a structure, right?
I've been looking for the door out of here, right?
Don here came for another reason.
He's not trying to get out.
How'd you come?
Don, you're not trying to leave this place?
I came purposefully to this place to, uh, to find something.
Find what?
What, your goddamn sense of decency?
So you could go back and spend more money on my race car buckle?
God damn.
That is such a bird.
That was a long time ago, boy.
Well, I'm honestly like, like what does this fucking, you know, criminal piece of shit.
What purpose does he have in a mystical world of goo?
Like what quest do you seek?
You, I thought you to be frankly, a very shallow piece of shit individual.
So I just wonder what greater purpose you might be out here for.
Again, you were in my top four uncles, but like, you know how low that bar was.
You know I raised you.
I did the best I could sometimes.
I had big things I had to do.
I had important jobs to do in contention for very powerful people.
And I'm here to undo some of the harm that I've done.
Okay.
Why don't you expand on that?
How the fuck is anything you're doing here in this goo world turning things right?
John, I had, I used that bag.
Yeah.
We know about the bag.
Where'd you get the bag?
Let's just, where'd you get the bag?
He said he's always had it.
That's always been my mission.
We knew that bag is agent Victor's bag.
You couldn't have always had it.
We had it in fact, for a little bit.
I am agent Victor.
What?
Does that, do you know, do you know McKinley and Kennedy and?
The other one, much more important.
Do you know Kevin?
Do you know K cell?
I can't say I do.
Primarily worked alone, getting rid of items.
That's what the bag is for.
It's to get rid of things and make sure they don't ever come back to where we are, where we were.
Well, it seems like there's, you know, there's a few more portals between our world and the goo
than just this fucking bag.
I started figuring that out.
Cause I've been talking to Jack Russell for, I don't know.
God, I don't fucking know how long.
So long, mate.
Is this your first time that going into the bag?
Yeah, I didn't, I didn't know what was going to happen.
Why'd you go into the bag?
John, I did some bad things.
I'm not proud of one of the first things that really started bugging me about all this,
this business is I put a person in the bag.
It was only objects for a long time, but who did you put in?
Their name was, was, was Thomas, Thomas Lewis.
I believe they were an activist and they started coming down with some disease.
The organization I work for told me they'd seen this before and they needed to get rid of it.
Right then and there.
Just following orders.
Uncle, in my experience, people named Thomas are decent and good.
And you should have given them more of a shot.
That's neither here nor there.
So you think we're all in the bag right now?
I don't know.
But if you want to know why I'm here.
Yeah, let him keep talking.
I bet there's more to the story you'd want to hear about.
Yeah, let him keep talking.
Jack Russell's like rubbing my shoulder.
Go on, tell him more.
Who was he?
What was he like?
What did he do?
And now I'm talking like this.
All right.
Nobody asked you about fucking Thomas.
We just said, treat Thomas as nicer.
I asked you, did you jump in the bag and do you think we're in here?
And then Jack was like, yeah, tell him more about Thomas.
That's not what I asked.
So can we just.
I think it's maybe the third time that he would have to establish that he got into the bag.
And that's why he's here.
I didn't ask them to reestablish that.
I just.
This is the bag?
Whatever you want.
Yeah, reestablish.
I know it's confusing.
It's confusing to all of us, mate.
It's confusing to everyone.
We don't fucking.
You don't fuck here from London.
Look at that sky.
Is it a blue dress or a silver dress?
Is it black or is it colorful?
I don't fucking know.
Is it Yanny or Laurel?
Goddamn, I hate you.
I'll hate you.
I just absolutely hate you because you've got me.
John, why are you talking like that?
It's some strange effect of this world.
Hold on.
Corn flakes.
All right, go fuck yourself.
Now I've lost track of where we are, but I want that British fellow to stop talking.
So John, here's the thing.
John, you asked him why he got in the bag and he said, well, to explain that, I'll have to go back
farther and started telling us about Thomas Lewis.
So let's just let him catch up to why he got into the bag by telling the story of Thomas Lewis.
Thank you.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Now, John.
You got more?
You just want to get your last little bit in there?
He's going to resist saying yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
You see, people can sound like all kinds of shit and they can make you feel shitty too.
I just said I don't want to hear another goddamn word out of that British feller.
And Jack Russell?
If that is your fucking name, I'd like you to respect that for a second.
I'm talking to my uncle.
Now, Don.
Please continue.
So this Thomas Lewis was an activist against this William Beanes fella.
Some kind of tech genius or some billionaire.
I don't know.
What, some kind of Martin Cupertino?
That was my daddy.
Your daddy was Martin Cupertino?
No, Beanes.
You're throwing confusion bombs into this conversation like a terrorist.
You don't even know who Martin Cupertino is.
First of all.
Oh, you do know who Martin Cupertino is?
He's a very famous man.
Very famous man.
It was a very astute character moment.
You don't even know who Steve Jobs is.
Does he exist in this world?
I'm pretty sure his name is Martin Cupertino.
Yeah.
Holy shit.
This Thomas Lewis, they were an activist.
They were young.
It was the first time I'd been ordered to put a person into the bag.
The bag is supposed to be for items, not for people.
I put them in here.
Who knows what happened?
They may have drowned in that metal sea.
I don't know, but that, that didn't even where it all ends.
The madness virus, it seemed to be stopped at that point.
But it was, I was never quite the same.
One of the items I ended up having to put in later.
You're not going to believe it.
It's a, it just looks like a rotary phone.
Like a road.
Have you, have y'all seen a rotary phone around here?
No, we're Gen Z.
You're Jan Z.
We're Gen Z.
We don't know what that is.
That phone might be able to heal everything.
They told me to get rid of this phone.
Why'd they want to get rid of it?
Because no one should have access to any of these magical doodads and items and whatnot.
But after I put that phone in the bag, I knew I made the world a worse place by putting
that phone in there.
And I, and I thought to myself, could I help Thomas if I, if I had that phone?
Maybe I could have prevented all this and maybe I could heal the world.
Maybe I can, maybe I can use it to heal us right now.
Even get us out of here.
I don't know, but I know I need to find it.
What's the phone number for it?
Have you tried calling it?
Yeah.
Yeah, it seems pretty simple.
I don't think that's how it works, but let's, let's give it a shot.
Do you know the number?
Have you even tried?
Yeah, I do.
Why don't we just give it a call?
Let's see who answers.
Do phones work here?
There's only one in the room.
Keith, you got, uh, you still got, you still got yours on you?
Well, it's actually right here and I pull it out.
Beep, beep, beep, boop, beep, bop, boop, boop.
That's me plugging in the numbers.
Why are you making that noise?
Yeah, Keith, Keith, that's, that's really, you just need to dial the numbers.
Please don't, please don't say boop.
Hey Siri, beep, beep, boop, boop.
I guess I take the phone from him and I dial the number.
And I'm making beep boop sounds as he's doing it.
I'm sorry, uncle Don.
He just does that every time.
You got weird new friends.
They're not friends or coworkers.
We're friends.
Across the rope bridge, outside of this John made hole in the wall of this Leo piston
junkyard bunker, seemingly coming from inside the stilted bunker across the way.
You hear a woman's voice going bring, bring
the standard sound of all phones I've ever heard.
Yeah, clearly the sound of this rotary phone.
There's absolutely nothing out of the ordinary with that.
The phone's over there.
It's Claire's day.
I picture you putting tons of echo effect on Taylor's bring, bring off in the distance,
but also somehow muffled metallic reverberations.
It's inside of that other, I honestly wanted, I thought you wanted us to picture like a woman
pretending to ring like a phone from like over there.
And we were just fooled by it.
Pretending to be phones.
Pretending to be phones.
God damn it.
I think Don would, wait, can I get through that hole?
Oh yeah.
Wait, who did you answer?
Oh yeah.
What did, what did, what did Luke say?
I said, I'm going to go towards the ringing.
Whose dexterity is higher?
Mine is 11.
Mine is 12.
John has pushed an arm back real quick, like holding Clark back and he's like,
why don't we just see what happens with these fellers?
Clark is totally fine with that.
He wasn't even jumping at the bit to get out that door.
No, I'll go.
So he's last.
So it'll go Keith, then Don, then Jack.
And the three of them run out onto the rope bridge.
I assume that John and Clark are peeking their head out of this John made hole.
And you all see, not the Bay boat that Don and Jack arrived on, but a new boat.
Also made of this inky colorful darkness.
And this boat has been written on with this shimmering sea.
Numbers cover the entire hull of the boat.
And it says one, five, two, two, five, one, eight, one, nine, five, five, one, eight.
Which you know to mean oversea.
God damn it, Clark.
It's one of your things.
There are some things that are happening currently.
Do you guys know what the figurehead of a boat is?
Yes.
Is it like the naked lady?
It is.
But in this case, it's a young man with curly black hair and you all see Don's face shine
with recognition.
Because even without his glasses, Don recognizes Thomas Lewis, the activist who is anti-William
Beans, still technically alive.
His mouth is completely steeled shut with the melting silver shimmering sea.
His silver mouth is closed.
His bottom half is in the water.
Continuously melting as he cries in absolutely horrendous pain.
At the front of the boat, you see twins.
And twins.
They are children.
Oh my God.
And kids.
Avery and Alice Little with a bowl cut and pigtails respectively, each with overalls
on, are standing at the front of this boat and behind them is Julie Maxwell wearing a
hospital gown.
She has a massive gash running down her forehead in between her eyes.
Her nose seems to be missing and she smiles at you all with no teeth or lips on one full
side of her face.
That side has an eye, but her other orbital socket is oozing with the dark substance.
And suddenly the body begins to crumple into the boat as a metallic ball rises above with
these silvery shining limbs reaching out, one of which holds up the body of Julie Maxwell
away from the steel shimmering water below this boat.
And the other tendril reaches out and rips at the bridge that Dawn, Keith, and Jack are
currently standing on.
Oh no.
That ain't good.
Well, it's a good thing they showed up right when we started to cross the bridge instead
of when we were well across it, because you fellas just get inside.
Let's all just come back inside.
We'll be fine.
Hey, I'm trying to hide my face from those kids and Clark, you should too, so they don't
recognize us.
I'm on the borderline, leaving my mind at your altar, crossing the double line, doing
it every time.
Tell me what kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
