Welcome, my slimy babies, to the greasiest radio show ever howled out of jowls.
It's your big-time, crime-loving, slime-daddy wolf, the dog.
I like to cover myself in my own saliva constantly to protect myself from the powers of other dimensional beings.
And cause I think it smells just right,
I am slipping and sliding at you live from 694.2 PTBP, the slimiest, grimiest, bad-rimeiest radio station this side of the Great Atlantic Salt Lake.
Did y'all know that there's a thing this old wolfie would love for you to do right now?
Well, there is. Write a five-star review of this show on Apple Podcasts.
Ah, are you on a computer or an an-deroid?
Before you boo-hoo, look around you. Someone is using an iPhone.
Ask if you can review the show on their phone, if they ask why I tell them.
And maybe I'll read your review, like I'm about to read this one here from D-Town Pods entitled, only about halfway through.
D-Town Pods writes,
The only phone I know how to operate is the old-timey rotary ones.
I like sticking my finger in them and never pulling out.
Hard to reach folks that way, though.
I just rely on the way that my voice can penetrate all dimensions and times.
Can't everyone do that, too?
But, uh, thanks for the compliment, D-Town.
But I'd appreciate it if more of these reviews talked a little bit more about little old me.
I'm starting to feel unloved.
Well, there's time for love-making.
Then there's time for news-making.
It is the news right now.
Last time, Pastor Adam Kane showed up on the four-wheeler with the radio and Agent Trent Chad in the body of Salem the Cat.
Fucking sick, am I right?
Also, Casey Kristoff was, and still is, holding Carrie Page's hostage with a pistol aimed at the back of her head.
She hollered out,
Bubblegum tree to the boys, confirming their identity as the beautiful soul of Drew Andrews.
Unfortunately for these boys, though, Keith Vigna tripped and slid face-first down into the muddy basin that was once Bean's Pond.
Though he did pop up in time to shatter one of the glass tubes on the odd-looking radio.
However, that was the last move taken before Pastor Adam Kane smashed a residue-filled fish onto his strange helmet.
Greenlighting the greenlight and sending the three PCs into a reality of their deepest regrets.
When they came to, Agent Trent Cat had disarmed John Lee Pettymore, Clark Bishop was about to trip into the mud bowl,
and Keith Vigna was being dragged by Daddy Kane toward the impassable metal plate, which began to slide open.
I swear to me, we better find out what's behind this fucking door before I premiere next week's brand new track,
which most assuredly will not be Kudzu With No Backbone.
Luke's internet sucks, the world sucks, the world's always sucks, but what doesn't sucks, what doesn't sucks is hanging out with my friends and playing like we're other people.
It doesn't sucks.
It's nice, actually.
Let's get right into it. Clark Bishop, it's your turn, what do you do?
Hold on, let me, uh, can I share my screen real quick?
Jesus fucking Christ.
That is not what I expected to happen.
But it should have been.
Do you have the ability to? I guess is a question I should ask. Have I given you the ability to?
Host disabled participant screen sharing.
Oh, actually Joe Terry is the host, because I love Joe Terry.
Oh, right.
So we ain't gonna see shit.
Alright, Clark Bishop, it's your turn, what do you do?
That's really not that important, so.
We didn't think it was.
No shit.
I know you were excited to see what it was and probably learn something, but.
I think, I think it's open now.
Okay, good.
I swear to God, if it's a top list, if it's a top ten list from classicrock.com.
Nope, it's just lots of this.
Is it normal to pee and poop at the same time?
It's so much worse than I-
Well, no, what he Googled was poopy.
No, I Googled pee and poop at the same time.
Oh, okay, gotcha.
Pee and poop at the same time.
Yeah.
Is what we're getting here.
Hey, you have four messages in your Reddit inbox, why don't you go look at those?
It's all like trending on.
Why don't you look at those right now?
This is very slow.
Yeah, we might be tempting fate by having you loaded.
Yeah, let's just get back to it.
It's so true, why are we doing this?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Loop's internet has been crabbing out for the past, what, hour and 45 minutes while
we've been trying to record?
Yeah.
Yeah, like three months.
Oh, guys.
Yeah, yeah, ever since.
Forever.
Oh, boy.
Okay.
More fun than this was recording in person and hanging out with friends.
Dude, I wish we could do that.
All right, Clark Bishop, it is your turn.
What do you do?
Do you remember what happened to me last time?
Of course I do.
I was running the game.
You came back to reality and you were looking across this.
Oh, there goes gravity.
Oh, there goes gravity.
He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy is what Casey Kristoff seems to be saying
with the gun that's still pointed in the back of Perry Page's head.
There's spaghetti nowhere, as far as you can tell, but the muddy basin that was Bean's
Pond does kind of look like a spaghetti bowl that has been finished, but the sauce is still
kind of hanging out in the bottom of the bowl as it is filled with a liquid soil.
So.
Mud.
Did we get there?
And then also, Agent Shrink Cat is on the ground next to John Lee Pettymore the Thirth
with the gun that John was just holding and the clip is like out the magazine.
Did I roll to contest that?
Trying to get it out.
Well, no.
See, you weren't in this reality for two rounds.
In the first round, the cat made it up the hill and then the second round rolled an ought
one.
Smart move, cat.
Yeah.
That was that ought one was for last time.
You should stop using your one dice.
It's true.
It hardly seems fair.
It's just a ping pong ball with the one written on it.
This is it.
Oh, and also, Keith Bigna is being dragged in a half nelson toward the impassable metal
plate on the ground in the middle of this muddy basin and that metal plate, aka the
door at Bean's Pond that you've been making your way toward, basically, this entire arc,
is opening as he approaches.
I was mostly getting at during my secret time, I rolled over my power, so I had to physically
move to go do something.
Did I end up somewhere different in this world?
Oh, yeah, that's fun.
Roll a dexterity check right off the bat.
You're still going to have to act out what you were doing there, but if you fail this
dexterity roll, you will fall down into the muddy basin.
I pass.
Okay, then you are teetering on the edge, and your toes curl over within the shoes,
and the mud slips out from underneath you, but you can gain enough balance to stay atop
on the edge of this, what would you call that?
Precipice.
Oh!
Nice.
Precipice and poo at the same time.
Clark Bishop, what do you do?
I guess I'm keeping the intro.
Keith is being dragged into the now open door.
Do I still have my shot lined up on Adam?
You wouldn't get the plus 20 bonus because you were looking at a different world.
Okay.
And Adam is the one showing me a Ryan Gosling movie?
That is correct.
He's your teacher in an inner-city school.
Sweet.
I think I want to take a shot at him.
Okay.
Don't hit me, please.
That's my only debate.
Do I maybe say something first?
We all watched Hamilton this weekend, so we know you're not going to miss your shot.
All right, so are you going to throw away your shot, or are you going to take a shot?
I'm not going to throw away my shot.
I'm taking a shot at Adam.
I knew I was getting it wrong.
I was going to let it happen, but then I decided not to.
You're at a negative 20 for firearms in order to not hit Keith Vigna unless you want to roll at a normal,
and then I'll roll a chance that you hit him.
Did that make any sense?
I don't know.
That didn't make sense to me, so I'll start over.
I'm just like my country. I'm young, friendly, and horny.
That's right, right?
And I'm not going to throw away my shot.
I'm young, friendly, and full of cum.
That was the first draft.
He revised that one.
He's playing it. Lin-Manuel's playing it for the Obamas.
So what do you think?
Michelle's like, I have one note.
All right, I'm taking a negative 20. That puts my firearms at 60. Here we go.
I do not pass. It's a 91.
Shoot.
As soon as you fire, it releases a held action, which means that in combat someone can decide during their turn
that as soon as this thing happens, I will take my action, and you immediately hear a gunshot ring out.
And you see the gun at the back of Kerry Page's head.
No.
And the hand holding that gun fucking explodes, and there's just a nub on the end of this forearm of Casey Kristoff
as he screams like, oh, hey, dude, not me. Oh, shit, man.
Holy shit.
As the man falls to the ground, Drew Kerry, Kerry Page's inside out, whatever the fuck you want to call Kerry Andrews,
gets up and just fucking elbows him right in the face and grabs the gun.
Bubble gum tree.
Yes, dude.
Bubble gum tree.
Bubble gum tree.
You do not know where this shot was fired from, and it is John Lee Pettymore the third's turn.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, I'd like to overpower the cat to get my ammo back.
John, when you look down at this cat, it is looking at you with both fear and necessity and want.
Since it's an FBI agent in a cat's body, can I persuade it?
Absolutely.
It's just trying to get this clip away from you, and so it's with its mouth, and then with its paw,
it's trying to move your gun through the mud.
I hold my hand out palm first. Hold on there.
Listen, you're in law enforcement.
I was what I once was once might have been considered law enforcement.
Now, Adam Kane over there probably told you he could get your body back.
But really, he just wants to open a portal to the past and fuck everything else and, like, take it for himself.
The whole world.
That's my working theory.
So if you give me that ammo back, I can stop them and I can help you get your body, which totally still exists.
Roll persuade.
Does his body exist?
I don't remember.
Totally.
I mean, depending on the time of day, it might still be around.
Fuck!
Oh, that's a really good point.
73 on a 60.
What happened to his body? I don't remember.
He was killed in the fish tank room.
Oh, okay. That's right.
Doug Jacobs in the body of Agent Trent Chad.
Yeah.
This cat continues to back away from you and immediately with one of its paws begins filling the bottom of your pistol with mud.
So where the magazine would normally go, it's throwing dirt and mud and rocks in there.
This guy doesn't know anything about guns. Bullets go there.
I thought you were talking about me and I was like, oh, could he still fire like that?
I don't believe so.
It's just mud bullets then, yeah.
You can shoot anything out of a gun if you put it in the bottom of it.
Keith Vigna, you're being dragged backwards through the mud by Pastor Adam Kane in a Ryan Gosling film.
Hold.
Okay, quick question. So one of my arms is up like this, I guess?
He's got you underneath your arms with his palms on the back of your neck.
That'd be a full Nelson, right?
Oh, sorry.
Then twice a Ryan Gosling.
Okay, so it is a full Nelson.
Yeah, he's got you in a full Nelson.
I'm just going to try to drop dead weight and try to flip him over me.
Okay, sounds good. Roll unarmed combat against Pastor Adam Kane who succeeds with a 37 on a 40.
God damn it.
He is grabbing his camera and he is showing us an 88.
Yay.
You drop dead weight and a strength that only comes from a man who is getting revenge for the death of his entire family comes through Pastor Adam Kane as he lifts you completely up off the ground and gripping somehow through this mud, he just dives backwards into the square hole.
Oh, no.
Oh, fuck.
Into whatever is past this door and Keith, you see a square of light ahead of you as you fall.
You guys hear, this won't bring your family back.
And then you all hear a thump and the door begins closing.
And when I say the door is closing, it is this metal plate that has slid completely parallel to the ground, horizontal if you will, and it is now sliding back the other way shut.
Indiana Jones, this shit.
That might be the only way.
And with that is Pastor Adam Kane's turn and I need Thomas and Joe to take their headphones off.
Don't kill me.
Luke, you see this light above you as you land with a thud on top of Pastor Adam Kane.
Your back lands on him and he hits his head and gets knocked out.
Straight up.
Yes.
Is it lit other than the light from the hole?
The only thing is the light from above.
And you're just in there, it's basically concrete, four concrete walls with a concrete floor.
And on one of the walls, you see that there is a circle that is made of like the same metal that the door was made out of.
Just a circle.
Yep, just a circle.
Just like there was a square above you.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, it looks like an impassable metal plate, but it's a big circle instead of a big square.
Go first, take two damage from the fall.
How many hit points did you have?
I have ten and, well, I had ten, now I have eight.
Oh shit, dude.
Yeah.
Okay, I see that he's knocked out.
Can I search him for any weapons?
Yeah, he doesn't have any weapons on him, he just is wearing this helmet.
And when you're kind of like searching all over him, he really, he didn't have a weapon on him.
But this helmet, the light is neither red nor green, and you see that the back, there's some glass.
And it's shattered.
The tubes have shattered as he fell.
Okay, I want to take that off of him and put it on myself.
I want to approach the circle.
There's nothing on it, no writing or anything?
No writing, no nothing.
I just want to put my hand on it.
Casey Kristoff screams, oh man, oh no.
And immediately gets on his knees and puts his one hand and one forearm up in the air.
And Kerry Pages gets behind him.
Okay, now that the roles have been reversed, you will do the same as I did, which was nothing.
Please do not move.
Clark Bishop, it is your turn.
I want to be running toward the door, but scanning the perimeter for the other shooter.
Okay, so do first a dexterity or athletics at a negative 20?
I'm doing decks and I fail.
Yeah, I fail.
As you're like running down the hill, there's just too much bounce in trying to like keep your balance.
You're not going to be able to roll search or alertness to try to see where the shot was coming from.
And as you're going down, you trip on a rock and you kind of slip, do one of those banana peel slips,
and you fall right on your ass and mud begins piling up as you're sliding down in your crotch area.
Do you know how mud might do that?
This is the worst time to look so uncool.
I know, you look very silly.
And you got brown crotch, it's just all muddy down there.
Yeah, okay.
Good turn.
John Lee Pettymore, what do you do?
That's great.
And you shit your pants and you pee a little.
Everybody starts screaming at you, holy shit Clark, did you shit your pants?
The whole town of contention is somehow back alive and watching.
They're all holding hands.
This wasn't the actual reality, they're all watching you.
You see your parents standing before you and they were pointing.
Hands around Bean's pond.
So John is being a good midwesterner and he's both averting his eyes from Clark,
but also just mouthing like, oh my God.
As he's just running for the door.
Okay.
Give me a dexterity or athletics.
50 on a 55 dex.
Nice.
50 on a 55 dex.
Anything else?
No, he's really trying not to look at Clark.
Thanks for not looking at me, John.
You make it to the metal door as it completes its closure.
And as soon as you get there, you slide up in this mud to once again an impassable metal plate.
A metal door buried in the ground.
A critical success would have gotten you there.
That or trying to put something in it to Indiana Jones it were your only options.
That's the kind of game do you want to play here, Zach?
I have it written in my notes.
That we can only critical success or Indiana Jones it?
It literally says it slides into a metal door.
Indiana Jones it?
It literally says it slides shut during that round and they have to crit or do something cool to get in.
Nice.
So essentially, yeah.
I did something cool. I helped out a friend.
I was modest, dammit.
Okay.
Can I start pawing at this door in front of me?
Yeah, you can.
And then pawing at the mud behind you is Agent Trent Catt, which has followed you down into the basin and is now at the radio and is on top of it.
I slam my fist on the door in the mud and say, why, Keith, why?
Okay, so you're?
I'm pounding on the door and I'm screaming Adrian and not looking at Joe.
Hey, look, a bar.
Hello.
Hello.
I was reading about Seth Putnam as soon as I don't know who that is.
He's the lead singer of Anal Cunt.
Okay.
So as you're in this room, you put your hand up against this circular metal plate on the wall and the door above you finishes closing.
And then as soon as it's finished closing, you hear banging from above and you hear John Lee Pettymore the Thirth screaming.
Why, Keith, why?
Dammit, Keith, I'm sorry, we couldn't get to you or something like that.
I wish that I could have helped aid you on your role that you failed, I assume.
Or you could have tried harder.
Yes, he could have tried harder is what I.
Would he be able to hear me if I talked?
Yeah, but as soon as that door closes and you hear this noise, the circular plate right ahead of you that you have your hand on begins opening from the middle.
It's doing that cool like.
Oh, where it's like.
Spiral.
Spirally like.
Yeah, it's cool.
Neat.
Yeah, it's very neat.
I'm gonna yell up.
Hey, there's a door.
Door's opening up down here.
Can you hear me?
You motherfucker.
Okay.
John, as you're banging on this door, you hear a voice from the other side.
Hey, can you hear me?
Is that the ghost of my friend?
I'm alive.
Lay still, restless spirit.
I'm alive still.
John, I landed on the pastor.
He's knocked out.
I'm good.
You didn't get sent back in time.
No, but there's a door.
The pastor's not Silas Cole.
He broke my fall with his body and head and the helmet got a little smashed.
Well.
So there's no light on and one of the tubes is broken, but I am wearing it.
Nothing's happened yet.
Oh, well, maybe take that off.
Let's just count our blessings that he's knocked out and it's broken.
I've avoided one head trauma already.
I'd like to avoid any in the future, so I'm gonna keep it on.
Do you think after all the modifications to that thing, it still functions for its original intended, like, safety purposes?
I don't know.
Hopefully I don't need to find out, but the tube's broken, so I don't think it's gonna be working anyway.
There's a door down there?
Yeah, just as soon as that one that you're on shut, this one opened up.
It's like a circle.
I'm about to go in it.
I just wanted you guys to let you guys know that I'm safe.
As safe as I can be again.
Wait, wait, wait for us!
I don't know.
Let me survey my surroundings and see how many feet I think down I am from you.
You're a beans, right?
I'm about, I would say, ten feet from that door and I don't know how to open it up.
Are you a beans or are you not a beans?
I'm a freakin' Keith Beans, baby.
Well then think real hard about this door and open it for us.
Is the room I'm in small enough to, like, do this up, you know?
He is currently trying, he's doing what a person who can't swim thinks swimming is.
I think it's what he's doing with his arms currently.
Like, I wanna, like, press my arms and legs up against the wall and try to climb up it.
Yeah, it's a little bit, it's about six feet across.
Yeah, I'd probably hurt myself doing that anyway, so good.
That'd be really difficult.
You can try if you want.
I think I'm stuck down here.
Wish me luck, I guess.
Should I, what do you think I should do with Adam?
He's passed out.
Should I just leave him here?
Ask him how he opened the door.
Well, he's unconscious right now and I, like, kinda nudge him with my foot.
Is there any reaction?
I'm not telling you.
He does not seem to be awake.
Yeah, no, there's no reaction.
I think he's out cold.
I'm gonna leave him here unless you think I should kill him.
Oh, you should kill him!
No!
Is Clark there?
Keith!
Keith!
Kill him!
Now!
Kill him!
Well, what if we need information from him?
Uh-uh, no.
Who cares?
Clark, Clark, can you hear me?
I mean, I, I, I'm, lest be left, I'm way far away.
I think at this point you've, you've at least watched.
You've seen me screaming at the door.
Clark, as you, as you finally decide to stand, uh, you're well aware of the stain on your
pants, but you're looking over and you can see that, uh, this cat is on top of the radio
and is violently pointing one paw at the broken tube and pointing the other paw at John Lee
Pettymore, the Thirth.
But John is, you know, on top of this metal plate, either banging on it or yelling through
it, so.
Clark!
Keith, Keith, are you, are you down there?
You, you all right?
Clark, Keith's down there.
He landed on top of Pastor Adam Kane and he's got him knocked out silly and he wants to
know if he should just leave him before he moves on to the next door or if she should
kill him.
I said kill him, right?
Do you have your gun on you down there?
I look around.
Is my gun down here with me?
At this moment, Clark Bishop, you hear a whoa and looking at the stump at the end of one
of the forearms, Casey Kristoff, enough blood has splattered up out of this forearm that
his eyes just kind of go wobbly and then the rest of his body weebles, wobbles, but it
definitely falls down and he just kind of like passes out on his side and Kerry pages
looks at you guys and does a shrug.
I mean, we weren't paying attention to him anyways.
I'm just saying.
That's what the listeners see, asshole.
Do I have my gun on me down here?
Uh, yeah.
I was thinking about, uh, you know, just leaving him out, knocked out, but if he comes
to, I don't want him to attack me.
John thinks I should kill him.
What do you think?
I don't know about killing him because I'd like to know what he knows about all this.
What was his plan?
I'm going to like shoot him in the foot so he can't chase me.
How about that?
He can probably heal with his dark lord.
Kill him.
Fuck what he knows.
We can ask his fucking wife what he knew.
Oh, we can ask his second in command what he knew.
You know what I mean?
Kill that fool.
I'm going to like do this with my shoulders to cover my ears and like, what'd you do?
I'm going to do this with one ear and then the other one, I'm going to do that.
He's currently, he's sticking one, shoot him in the foot and then he's covering his
other ear with a shoulder while holding the gun with the shoulder covered arm.
And then one finger in my ear.
All right.
And where are you shooting him?
In the foot.
Ker-pow.
Damn it, Keith, at least take both feet.
Do I hit him?
We hear the gunshot from up top.
Keith, did you, did you, did you kill him?
No, I, I shot him in the foot cause if he comes through then he won't chase me.
He'll, or at least not, uh, well.
Not, not speedily.
Yeah, exactly.
Shoot him in both feet.
I shoot him in the other foot.
He's got a decent chance now of bleeding out.
This is what we call an elegant compromise, gentlemen.
All right, let me roll some dice.
This is, this is, uh.
Also after I shoot him in the other foot, I want to like put his feet up on the wall
so they're elevated so they don't bleed as much.
What the fuck?
God damn it.
Guys.
That's incredible.
I have to kill him.
Okay.
Do you think anything he knows is going to help us save the town?
I don't know.
I don't want one more body on my conscious.
I really, I'm, I'm kind of hoping that Adam is on the right track and we can use it for
our purposes and not bad ones.
Yeah.
Well, not his bad ones.
All right.
Keith, what are you doing?
I'm going through that hole.
I step over the threshold into where, is it dark or can I see, what do I see?
As soon as this one opens, there's light coming from down and on the other side of this circular
entrance, there are metal ladder rungs that are going down and there's light coming from
down.
Okay.
I peek my head back through the hole and I say, sleep tight.
And then I go down the ladder.
Okay.
And when you make it down the ladder rungs, you are standing on top of a metal mining
elevator and it's got a door on the top that swings open that you can jump down into the
elevator.
I swing it open and I jumped down into the elevator.
And you, there's a button there that you can control like a power strip looking thing that
hangs from the ceiling.
I press down on it.
And you start.
Is this good?
And you stop basically this whole way down.
It was just a rock was around you and where there would be one of the metal cage walls,
there just was opening to the rock.
So you could reach out and touch the rock.
Whereas the other three walls were metal cage.
Okay.
But at the very bottom, instead of rock where it is open to you, there is a blast door.
There's a what?
A blast door.
Okay.
So it's like round on the top and there's a big like circular window all fogged up and
old and musty.
And then there's a big wheel and then there's a large arm that is latched locking this door
shut.
Okay.
I want to try to unlatch it and use the wheel for whatever it does.
Yeah.
So you unlatch this big metal locking mechanism essentially.
And then you as the wheel, it's like it's been a while since this cold metal.
I spit on it a little bit.
Yeah.
It gets it.
Oh, and it gets it going.
I like that.
And so you open up this door and it opens and you feel the room almost pressurize as
it's just been so long.
Yeah.
You got to pop my ears.
It's like I'm on an airplane in the earth and it opens up into the bottom of the earth
and it opens up in the astronaut movie where they drill, which I forget what that one was
called or Armageddon.
I don't remember.
Definitely Armageddon.
So I go in behind this heavy metal blast door is a cavernous laboratory.
It smells musty earthy with a tinge of mold and the air is thick and humid.
The floor is poorly laid concrete, rough and uneven and concrete covers about six feet
up the walls before the rock of the cave structure takes over to form 10 more feet of wall that
slowly becomes a cathedral ceiling complete with stalactites dripping fruitlessly on the
concrete floor below.
Lining the right side of the room are these massive copper vats with all sorts of gauges
and tubing on them.
The left side is an absolute mess of tables and shelves with papers and folders strewn
about haphazardly over this workstation in total disarray.
And finally on the far side of the subterranean chamber there is another metal blast door.
The lever and wheel to open this thick threshold are on your side and again there is a round
window looking into whatever is on the other side.
I want to go over to the tables and kind of like look at the papers and see what they're
all about.
You find blueprints for a gun, a radio, a helmet, and a camera.
Hell yeah.
These things are clearly made with this math.
There's math all over these pages and looking at it doesn't make a whole lot of sense
to you but you didn't go to school for mathematics so I'm assuming you don't have a math
skill on your character sheet?
No.
Go ahead and roll intelligence for me.
It's my lowest.
Imagine that.
42 on a 50.
Okay so you know just by looking at these that certain equations don't quote unquote
add up.
Something about this math is incorrect to you but it seems to be working on the page.
He's making or she whatever is making these blueprints based on this science.
However there's a whole other set of papers that seem to be devoted.
It's like this one notebook.
It's trying to come up with some sort of word combination that will grant eternal life
is what it says.
However there are notes on each page of each time this has been used and the complications
and the complications are brutal.
The first is like thinning of skin and the second one says removal of nails and the third
one is like hair has begun falling out and the final one says humanity seems to be gone.
Fuck.
You find this giant folder.
It's working on something called manipulating activator robot A and it is a picture of a
one inch in diameter circular ball and there are 24 of them and each one A B C they're
all crossed out.
All of them.
Until the final page the 25th one that says manipulating activator colon robot Y codename
Mary.
Mary.
Mary and Mary Cole.
I wonder if it's Mary Cole.
Is she a robot?
Is there anything else written on the piece of paper?
At the bottom it says host found.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Did you die in other world Luke?
I'm in the basement of Bean's Pond.
I'm still alive as far as I know.
You still in a hole?
I'm in a hole.
I'm deep in a hole.
That's boring.
What I did is not boring.
No it didn't look like it.
Okay bye bye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
You guys hear another door inside of wherever Keith Figna has disappeared to another door
inside you kind of hear it go and then there's just silence.
Carrie Pages begins walking cautiously down the muddy hillside.
Bubblegum tree.
Bubblegum tree.
Pointing at her own body and saying I don't even know.
Drew we know.
We know Drew.
We know it's you.
We've been calling you Drew Carey.
Am I now?
Can I just be Drew then please?
I don't know it's kind of funny when you talk.
Do you know do you know where my body is?
Last we left it it was in the sewer.
What?
What?
It's in a safe place.
Okay then not just in the sewer waters.
No no no not just like floating down there it's in Harry and Gary are with it actually.
Well that's much better than what I thought when you said my body is in the sewers.
It's so good to see you guys.
Did you get eyes on that shooter?
Did you see where that shot came from?
When you all look over you see there's a slight opening like a walkway in this floating moat
this water and walking right through it is...
You bastard.
He's gotta roll a character.
Hold on let me just find a Patreon character real quick.
It's a woman wearing an emerald green smoking jacket with a black silk bow tie and she is
smiling a cold vacant smile behind asymmetrical bangs covering one of her eyes and you recognize
her immediately as Karen.
And love.
Two different people you recognize her as two different people.
Oh is Karen not the smile lady?
No 100% you got it right.
Gotcha.
And she is holding this like badass looking rifle got a super long barrel on it but it
clearly she's like folding the stock up into the gun to where it literally becomes just
like a handheld thing but it's still got this long barrel on it that she then turns
and then makes that shorter as well and turns it back into just like a handgun.
She holsters it on her side and holds up both of her hands.
I am just as confused as the both of you.
Clark pulls his gun on her.
No that is understandable I'm sure but you know it's been a while so I think now that
we're both circle of knowledge members maybe we can let bygones be bygones.
Bygones be bygones?
It's my parents and you killed my fucking parents.
Yeah I know I know I know it's my bad it's my bad it's my bad but it was my job I was
looking for the book you know Jim sent me to look for the book it's not my issue I was
given you know orders.
Clark is going to kind of approach her with the gun.
She's pointing at Kevin.
Kevin you know what I'm talking about also what the fuck it's good to see you it's been
so long what the where have you been?
Some aliens took me remind me where we were the last remind me what happened the last
time that kind of fuzzed my memory what was the last time I saw you?
Shit let's see Clark could you put that down for I mean just like aim it not at me I guess
for now although I've heard you've got the hell of a trigger finger anyway don't aim
it at me please.
I don't think I will and I keep it pointed at her.
Also fair.
Oh shit Kevin did you like lose your memory or some shit?
Yeah that's what happened.
That is such a bummer.
Because of the aliens.
Oh what did they look like?
Classic little gray men.
All those kooks were right.
I've never seen those.
I've seen the tall ones the lanky fellas.
Mine were little.
Huh.
Okay so I guess last time we were going through with that whole deal to fuck over Marvin Glass
right?
And then you just disappeared you and Kyle I never saw you again.
How were we gonna fuck over Marvin Glass?
Well we stole all this cocaine and all that weapon shit man you remember that?
We were gonna sell it but then after you guys got caught I just dipped out I got the fuck
out of there.
Sure sure and did you leave it in our green box?
Yeah.
Good thinking good thinking Karen good job good work.
Yeah along with all the other shit I mean wait did you end up getting the rest of the
vectors?
Because I couldn't find any ever and then I ended up just going a whole other direction.
Jim recruited me to this thing that Clark and I are now in Circle of Knowledge.
Kevin Clark have you told Kevin about Circle of Knowledge?
I've mentioned it.
We call it cock.
I've never thought about that I love cock.
The stuff we're doing there is great like K cell was one thing but like this shit is
legitimately staving off the end of the world swear to god.
You mentioned Kyle who was Kyle?
Kevin do you want to take this do you know what happened to Kyle?
Tell him Karen.
Wait hold on I but you guys disappeared the same day you guys were out what are you doing?
You were running to Apples Beans to go get coffee?
Apples Beans I did enjoy Apples Beans I've got to tell you Karen.
Since the abduction it's just a blur.
Yeah that makes sense.
Oh shit who's this one?
And she points at Drew.
That's the city councilwoman she doesn't know about any of this.
Oh well then we should probably fucking kill her.
No no no I mean.
No offense sorry you just shouldn't have this information and continue to live but then
again I guess this whole town's gonna have to die.
She doesn't know what we're talking about none of this town has to die.
Look around you and you all see that you're still in this you know the pond's not in
the pond but it is you know around you in a big wall.
What's your point?
Well it's just that you know it's kind of our job to make sure that normal people no
offense don't have this kind of knowledge.
Alright listen Karen I didn't know if I could trust you but she's a familiar.
She's a what?
A friendly.
Oh okay I thought you meant like a witch's cat.
Yeah I said the wrong thing first didn't I?
You saved her why'd you why'd you why'd you save the councilwoman here?
Oh I was listening in on this whole situation and it seemed like you guys were on her side
and so I figured I'd take out the fucking hillbilly.
That was a good read we are on our side she's one of our good friends and she's a friendly.
And why is this cat an actual seeming familiar pointing with its paws so intelligently?
That is a an FBI agent that you know what if we'd done things your way Karen we should
have just killed him right away but instead we needed his body to have the alright see
first this guy named Doug got he got put in the body of that cat right?
Sure I'm I'm following.
His mind was in there his mind was in that cat and we we like Doug Doug was working with
us and there was this FBI agent that we didn't like he was not working with us so we you
know we did a little mind switcheroo and we put Doug cat into FBI agents body and now
the FBI agent is in the his mind is in the body of the cat and he really wants out and
he hates us.
Wait is that the FBI agent that was sent to deal with you guys?
Clark you were sent to take care of him right?
Yeah that's how we did it.
Oh yeah no he's not FBI I mean he you know he's kind of FBI but he's mostly working for
the asylum it's good that he's actually in a cat body that's perfect.
Well what's the asylum?
Well that's the okay Kevin you remember we were working K cell stuff eliminating the
vectors after that whole debacle in the woods and we were getting close to finishing when
we fast and furious that semi to steal Marvin Glass's shipment well right around that time
you and Kyle disappeared and Jim told me the asylum was shifting into a more bureaucratic
machine focusing more on obtaining technology rather than thwarting world ending vectors
so that's when he brought me into the circle of knowledge.
Do you know how long he'd been with the circle?
Jim?
Yeah.
Fuck as long as we've known him but yeah no this this little cat here was sent to actually
collect any sort of unnatural technology so likely looking for the book like we all
were but then certainly that black bag and the camera and what was it the radio?
How do you know all this?
Well I mean Clark told Leon about all that stuff.
McKinley and Harrison are they the asylum also?
McKinley and Harrison I get it that's cute.
You know they kind of helped us in the end.
Oh yeah no they're extremely helpful I'm it's just everybody's you know kind of doing the
same thing in different ways.
I guess that makes sense.
That could be like yeah the final line of the podcast.
I guess that makes sense.
Keith gets really excited and like tons of thoughts are running through his head but
he doesn't really know what to do with the information yet.
I'm like I really wish that those guys could get down here but also and then I pick up
the sheet of paper that has like the eternal life thing and I look at it and I'm I like
touch my bullet hole in my hip and then I look down at my ribs and I've got blood all
over my hand and I look at it and I say I hope my penis doesn't fall off and then I
say the words.
Oh my god dude.
Yes.
Oh fuck yeah.
Okay the last ones.
What do you mean?
There were multiple they were tribal in error.
I'll do the one that I'll say the one that you lose your nails.
Okay.
Al-hai-a-oob-dee.
Does anything happen?
Nothing happens.
Al-hai-a-oob-dee.
Al-hai-a-oob-dee.
Al-hai-a-oob-dee.
Al-hai-a-oob-dee.
Your bones begin to vibrate underneath your muscles and tendons your skeleton is shivering
and every single one of your fingernails and toenails feel like they are being pulled
up from the tips but instead of lifting from your nail beds the pain buzzes and the buzzing
grows and then your nails begin snapping off like popcorn popping and when the last kernel
of a nail has dissected itself from your being you hear a foreboding thud as something
slams into the other side of the blast door on the far end of this underground lab.
Oh fuck yeah.
How am I the only one trying to pull over?
How can you have enough drowning out all the notes?
With no mind at all, no mind at all.
