Welcome, my sour-creamy children.
It's your yogurt craftsman, Wolf the Dog,
and I'm here to leave out all the cream until it becomes art.
Then I shall venture to the farmer's market to sell my wares by the barrel.
I'm about to flood this farmer's market with that thick, nasty artisanal cream.
I'm warming up all the sour milk live from 694.2 PTBP,
the only yogurt creamery and, uh, radio station, I think.
Speaking of that good cream, we got a new Howlin' with Wolf.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf comes from Van Gogh's ear in Alberta, Canada,
who tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pod,
which is one of the ways you can be chosen to write up a Howlin' with Wolf for this old wolf to howl.
He writes,
No ooze is good ooze.
All cops are bastards.
And all dogs go to heaven.
Things fell apart.
The sinner couldn't hold.
The Stygian tide is loosed and everywhere.
The ceremony of innocence is overcome.
And what eldritch beast?
It's our come round at last.
Slouches toward contention to be born?
Shout out to Irish Chris and Elena the Good Witch of the Midwest.
Season one has been squamously good.
We can't wait for season two.
Thanks for all the creepin' terror, PTB crew.
Damn Van Gogh's ear.
I didn't know ears knew such fancy words and could compose poems or whatever.
That's awesome for you, I bet.
One time, I wrote a poem for a past lover.
It was mainly just the letter E, but they got what I was puttin' down.
It, uh, it was sexy talk is what I was puttin' down.
And I just wanna let y'all know, not all dogs get into heaven.
Only a very small percentage of them actually do.
Weird, right?
If you wanna write up somethin' like Van Gogh's ear here,
then listen to me very carefully.
Write a five-star review for this five-star show on Apple Podcasts.
Then y'all should go and tag at Pretendin' Pod on all them damn social media things.
Then come on down to the subreddit and Discord too, why don't ya?
Two more cool things.
First, my producer released a trailer for season one of Pretending to be People.
If I had a YouTube, I'd definitely look at it.
So what I need y'all to do is to look at it and then share it with all your internet buddies.
Next up, the 24th bonus episode over on Patreon is comin' out sooner than my cream starts curdlin' on a hot summer's day.
After y'all caught up with the creature crew,
join them PTBP friends Tuesday night at 9 p.m. Central Time in the Den of Sin.
For the conclusion of the mission in Moja.
Apparently that's a place where spooky things can happen,
but y'all gotta check the Patreon to find that out.
Are there links for all that sloppin' more?
Why, yes.
Where are they?
They're in the show notes.
Just click on the thingy that shows you them damn show notes.
Do it for Wolfie, my babies.
I'm makin' puppy dog eyes at ya.
And now I'm doin' this for y'all.
It's the gosh dang news.
Last time, I gave over the power, relinquished the duty,
forwent the honor of presenting the news.
But this time, you know what's goin' on.
Planet Juggernaut just crushed all of the Giganticumbic Hyrthpicithis' hopes and dreams with the fastball.
Took out the horde of incoming goo-drenched snatchy skeletons,
and turned it into a curveball-gotcha-tongue situation.
You're sweet and sourly mistaken if you're lookin' for Dragon in 2.
This is Dragon in 3 with What Kind of World Are You Livin' In?
Mary and Caroline, I'm on the borderline,
leavin' my mind at your altar,
crossin' the double line, doin' it every time.
Tell me What Kind of World Are You Livin' In?
What Kind of World Are You Livin' In?
Wow, wow, wow, come on down, everybody!
It's Nick Meckles and I'm here with my brother, Nick Meckles!
Is that the energy we wanna start with?
Nick Meckles! Nick Meckles!
Yeah, sorry Justin, are you not amped up enough?
Oh, do we need to amp you up?
I need to be amped up.
Okay, let's get the energy going.
Justin, Justin, he's our man. If he can't do it, no one can.
Justin, Justin, he's our man. If he can't do it, no one can.
It's Nick Meckles time!
Oh, everybody! It's Nick Goddamn Meckles!
Round three and we're at the top of this, motherfucker.
What do you think about that, Nick Meckles?
I'm just surprised we're still standing here at our little,
I guess, are we at like a little television desk?
No, we're standing on either side of Keith Vigna,
who's crying deeply into the ground and his hands.
I've got one microphone in his face,
you've got the other microphone in his face,
which means that we have four microphones between the two of us.
That's quite amazing.
I love that we found these extra microphones
in this extra dimensional plane.
Well, they're everywhere when we're around
and we're gonna go right to the business!
Oh my God!
Let's look up at that.
Do you see the big, gigantic,
Gigant Umbropithecus right there,
the big guy who's being swung around,
Planet Juggernaut's got his tongue swinging around
like Luke Skywalker in Empire Strikes Back.
Do you see that?
I do see that.
Well, that guy is right up there!
The Gigant Umbropithecus reaches down
and takes another massive swipe across the land at the Liturgy.
Am I using that right? At the...
Yeah!
And so another chunk of this crooning group of chanters.
Zach, it would be really asinine to stop you right now
just for a minor definition quibble.
That would be insane.
I liked it. I liked learning.
Love it.
I like learning, and this is a illuminated land,
the Liturgy that I'm learning about.
About half of them straight up get consumed
into the forearm of this enormous beast
as it swipes across at this group.
And I was thinking about it, and I thought,
you know, we already rolled for, gosh, so many people.
We rolled for the Old West people.
We rolled for Jack Perlman.
Oh!
We rolled for Drew Andrews.
We rolled for Councilwoman Carrie Pages.
We rolled for Harry Clinker, Everett Pace,
Mildred Mitchell, Gary Daley, Jimmy Sanders,
Professor Horace Green.
We rolled for a lot of people as well as a lot of pets.
And to put you guys through that again,
I thought might be super duper fun.
Let's go.
So basically what we're gonna do is,
as this enormous towering beast that's just oozing,
forming and reforming its tongue,
hanging out with Planet Juggernaut
at the end of this black ooze that it's held onto.
It swings around him.
And because Planet Juggernaut has this thing's tongue,
we're gonna take a negative 20%.
This thing will take a negative 20%.
So this time, we're gonna roll for some more NPCs,
whether or not they live
or whether or not they will be consumed,
and they each have a good 30% chance of non-existence,
which means a 70% chance of survival, which is big.
So I will start.
I will go ahead and roll the first one
because we have just enough NPCs left for everyone
to have their own to roll for.
So I'm gonna start with Greer Hilfintop Kermunker now.
So you see this very tall, very buff woman
dressed like she's in the Old West still.
She's got just insanely strong thighs.
And when you look at the thighs, you think to yourself-
Watermelon busting hips.
Yep.
100%.
And shout out to M from Michigan for giving us this NPC-
To maybe murder.
$10 level on Patreon.
You can write up an NPC.
They will kill.
Yeah.
So if it is a 30 or under-
They die?
Yep.
95.
Safe.
Sweet life.
Next up is Thomas.
Thomas, I need you to roll
as we see the janitor of the First Church of Contention.
He has a pencil-thin mustache and a mullet.
Casey Kristoff.
His beard gut is spilling out of his Van Halen t-shirt
all over his cutoff shorts,
his outfit of choice for the past 30 years,
and he is missing a hand.
Spilling out all over his jorts
is a disgusting and amazing description.
And thankful for that description.
I am, and you are, and we are,
to B. Weldon from Salt Lake City,
who wrote up Casey Kristoff for us.
I wear some of his underwear.
To 100?
Yep.
Thomas, 30 or under, and he gone.
42.
Oh, that's a liver.
That's a liver.
That's a liver.
Luke, I need you to roll for a man of average height.
He has dirty overalls and boots,
a trucker cap with long, oily hair
flowing out the bottom of it,
and a lip packed with chew,
the scent of booze on his breath,
oil-stained hands, and a ripped flannel.
You got your $3 back from Terence Liquor.
Yep.
Now let's see.
I hope he dies.
Oh!
He's dead as fuck.
It's a 29.
It's a 29 as Terence Liquor looks up
at the very end of his life.
Literally, in my imagination,
the ooze must have taken him
as he was still just laying in the yard of Randy Yanks,
and so he has almost no time to come to his senses here
in this dark, luminous, landed plane of existence.
He had a bad day.
And he can't even remember what his voice sounds like
as he dissipates into the arm ooze
of this gigantic umbropithecus.
Probably kind of ambiguously southern.
Yeah.
If I had to guess.
That's a good guess, yeah.
Shout-out to B. Crever for that lost life.
Thank you for making Terence Liquor.
What a joy it was to have him in the game.
And next we have Joe.
I would like you to roll for an attractive woman
from the city,
and she has a large tortoiseshell glasses,
a full-sleeve tattoo of a robed figure
holding a ball of light on her left arm,
and she always wears blood-red lipstick.
That's right, it's Clara Blankenship.
We met her in the tunnels,
and she told us about a dream she'd had.
Yes.
Yes, and shout-out to Annie B.
Annie B, your character lives.
Oh!
It's a 45.
Oh, my God, that was close.
Annie, she is okay.
And Justin, this one's a new one.
Shout-out to Sarah from Philadelphia.
Just go ahead and roll over 30
for Archie and Taco.
Archie and Taco, two dogs
to help fight the black ooze
with the Contention Creek Critter Coalition.
Archie is a white lab mix,
and Taco is a Shetland sheepdog.
And then in parentheses,
Sarah from Philadelphia has written,
Just please don't kill my pups.
Oh!
Hey!
Hey, Liv.
56.
Wait, could you see that?
I did, yes.
Oh, nice.
Yeah, that worked.
We sawed him.
We sawed him.
Sawed him nice.
Oh, wow, that was a really,
this thing is clearly off its balance.
It does not know.
Yeah, it just did, it airballed.
Yeah.
I mean, it was rough.
It took out the one we wanted.
Tear of Slicker.
Yeah, we did miss one, yep.
Literally, the people who are chanting
have noticed Tear of Slicker's lack of involvement
in the chant, and they just kind of pushed him
a little bit more towards the edge of the crowd.
And even that, I think,
I feel like the gigantombropithecus
is maybe a little bit distracted
by the tongue Skywalker situation.
100%.
So maybe just like it whiffed,
and just unfortunately a huge drop of its ooze
just smothered Tear of Slicker,
like would pacify.
That's perfect.
And if it weren't for that Planet Juggernaut movement
with the negative 20%,
I think we would have lost a few more.
Almost all of them, I think.
We hit a 42 and a 46.
Now he's just bragging about how fucking cool
Planet Juggernaut is.
No, I'm just bragging about how lucky our roles were.
Immediately, Rosemary, M-A-R-Y,
removes itself from Rosemary.
Can we roll to see if she got hit
by the Gigantombropithecus?
Oh yeah, sure, I'll just roll.
Don't look.
Yeah, she's fine.
I did roll a 37, though.
Rose M-A-R-Y pulls its remaining metal tendrils
up out of the face and back of the neck of Rosemary.
Upon seeing John Ball...
Filling her hole with the world.
That's right.
Upon seeing this competition,
she's going to give it a bit more oomph
so she removes all of her tendrils
from the back of Rosemary.
She is now a free ball up in the air.
And she's free balling, thank you.
And so she plugs all of her tendrils
down into the hole, the portal,
that she is trying to open
in an attempt to focus more of her energy
to combat the situation that John Ball
is making happen.
However, with this,
she is leaving herself open and defenseless.
So I am not going to roll a dodge roll
for her this round,
and any combat directed at her
will be unopposed
as she is going to attempt to bring
some sort of creature from the other side,
which we can already kind of see
through this weird haze, this veil,
and just barely, we can all make out
a dark, dank, cold room.
And inside is a familiar skeletal creature
with skin so thin,
her bones protrude into view.
Her nail beds are empty.
Bruises and lesions cover her body.
But even through the hideous transformation,
you recognize Mildred's granddaughter.
And with pure hatred in her eyes,
Tildy B. Mitchell shrieks.
Tildy B. Mitchell roars.
I cut you off.
We couldn't hear you.
I just saw the face.
The sort of resonance begins to emanate
from the manipulating activator robot Y,
and you all hear or feel a soft voice around you.
Oh, is that what it stands for?
Silas Cole, the fool who brought me
into his existence
and then left me out of all his plans,
even though the pitiful man couldn't figure out
how many beans make five.
I found him here, where I left him,
and he finally told me where he kept her,
experimented on her, and then abandoned her
for well over a century.
You, uncaring meat vessels, disgust me.
Uh, lady, it sounds like you just have
a problem with Silas.
That's Keith. Go get him.
And John Paul says this to M-A-R-Y,
and the camera does a whip pan over to Keith,
who is in between two very, very interested announcers
who have microphones shoved into his face,
but they suddenly are joined by another figure
who is a tall, gaunt, translucently skinned figure
in a large, black suit and black tie,
and it just sort of appears in front of this Keith Vigna,
who is on his knees,
crying into the luminous land below.
These myriad dudes have a lot of personality.
I bet they'll make for a really good interview.
And this thing crouches down
and reaches out its two hands,
each with a McFlurry.
Yes.
M&Ms in one, Oreo in the other.
That's beautiful.
Oh.
Keith Ashley beans!
I believe you requested these!
Keith takes both the McFlurries, looks down in them,
and sees the Oreo one, takes a little bite,
and then he looks around for Don,
because he needs to deliver this M&M McFlurry.
Okay.
When you look around, you find Don as...
You find him in a little different state
than you left him?
He has been subsumed by one of the Johns.
One of these balls has made him into a leg
of a sort of three-part operation,
Don being one leg,
John being another leg,
and a ball floating atop in between them.
But also, Don seems to, from this perspective,
have full control over what he says and does.
Am I attached at the scruff of the neck or something?
Yeah, essentially.
Cool. And I'm dangling around next to your nephew
and below your nephew's ball.
Your nephew, but the body of your brother.
Oh, right, yeah.
Next to your brother, nephew,
which isn't the first time somebody's
had to be called that in the Pettymore family.
It's an old-fashioned Pettymore get-together.
So, Keith, you do see now where Don is.
That's right.
That drawing that you just made there, that's right.
And we'll post that on the social media
for everyone to see.
That should be our official episode post 111.
How far away is that from me?
The AT-ST of John Don?
Yes.
Don John AT-ST is a one-round John.
I take the McFlurries from...
You're welcome.
I don't know where you came from.
It seems like maybe you just kind of blipped
into existence here.
Can you take me over to them?
Okay.
And I, for like three or four seconds,
just silently look at him, looking him up and down,
and I just hop on his back, like piggyback.
You don't blip out of existence, you do move there,
and you move there at an absurd rate
that you haven't felt really since this thing
clearly moved from on top of one of the mausoleums
in the city cemetery to you to put its hand
directly around your neck.
That was the last time that you felt this movement,
but this time you're a part of it.
And then you're standing in front of this AT-ST
that is already you guys practicing.
Left, right, left, right.
Keith hops off the creature's back
and is like, hey, and he holds up the M&M McFlurry
and looks at Don.
What the hell is this?
I try to slap it out of his hand.
You try to slap the McFlurry out of his hand?
This ain't the time for a McFlurry boy.
Oh, hold on, Uncle John.
Uh, Don.
Hey, Avigna, if you're just passing out McFlurries
and you don't want one,
I'll take that McFlurry right now.
He switches his hand over like a foot
and offers it to you.
John hanging there, he doesn't reach out for it.
He just extends his neck a little bit
and starts slurping from the McFlurry straw.
I like to imagine I was slapping,
but my hands are barely moving.
I'm just dangling back and forth
You're swinging your torso
and the noodle arms are going with it.
I'm like, come on, boy, bring it closer.
After this happens, I look at the McFlurry Deliverer.
I'm like, what about the other thing I asked for?
And it looks up at the rest of Myriad
and about half of these creatures
stare directly into the portal
that is currently being attempted
and the other half looks directly at the beast,
this enormous, lumbering, dripping,
forming and reforming Gigant Umbropithecus.
So the first half is going to attempt
to help close the portal.
Fail.
And the second half is going to try to hold the beast
to keep it from moving again, and that is a success.
So that is going to hinder the Gigant Umbropithecus further.
And so you see about half of these little Myriad fuckers
Do any of these fuckers ever come out of the wall?
This is an adult podcast.
You said we could say anything on it.
I did not say that.
I think I explicitly said the opposite.
Why are you changing the rules?
Yeah, so half of these things look down
and try to put their hands out toward the portal
but nothing seems to be happening
as the MARY manipulating activator robot Y
seems to be doing a hefty, solid job
of making this portal appear.
And the other half do reach out their hands
and the beast that is off kilter already,
they seem to be helping the momentum of Planet Juggernaut
in whatever it's trying to do.
So that'll make it easier for Planet Juggernaut in the future.
And with that, it is the end of Myriad's turn
and the beginning of the turn of the Overseer.
The Overseer is still...
His focus is on Gigantupipidogum.
Gigantumbropithecus.
He wants to also aid in making this thing topple.
His goal, he saw Juggernaut bringing the tongue around the legs.
He wants it to fall down.
Oh, you want to know what would be a cool way to make something fall down?
Sure.
Do you have a thing?
Do you have a thing?
Well, I could...
You know when a guy kneels down behind a guy
and then he's stumbling back behind him?
That's what I was going to pick.
Tabletopping.
Yeah, tabletop.
Which we love tabletop.
Tabletop, that's what this is all about.
It's a tabletop game.
You know that big tube of light that it was trapped in earlier?
The Overseer could probably move it.
Well, it's funny you say that.
I wanted to startle it so it would try to move out of the way of something.
Okay, so you're going to couch the thing?
I'm going to couch it.
Yeah, no.
I think Overseer...
We just saw that Clark can do the light thing,
so we're going to let Clark startle it,
and we're going to have the Overseer bringing that tube down behind it.
That's rad.
I love it.
Okay, so first let's roll for the Overseer to bring the tube.
It's a 68.
That is a success.
You know how he made his face shine, Bryce, like that?
He does that right then,
but he takes his hand and he rubs it down the front of his face like that,
and he's holding a giant ball of light.
He chucks it right toward the thing,
and it bursts in front of its face in a blinding flash.
It's a flashbang of magic.
That's so cool.
Zach and I made the exact same sound.
We're like...
Next season, anytime somebody does something cool,
we'll all start sealing, is what we'll call it,
where we just make our best seal sounds,
which for some of them is...
Hey, we can sing together now, guys.
I know.
We used to do that all the time, but then it was like,
oh, there's some big old audio latency here.
I've been taking lessons.
Singing lessons?
Oh, we should have been taking improv lessons, bud.
And it's Clark Bishop.
Go ahead and roll to complete the plan.
Complete the plan.
Boy, if this doesn't work, it'll be interesting.
I pass.
It's a 24 on a 64.
The overseer blinds the guy,
and so now you have a split second
to put this thing in position.
Clark has seen the plan.
He knows the plan.
It was a plan before he even knew it was a plan,
and his hand stretches out toward that thing
that he had previously fucked up.
He let this thing out of that tube,
so he's like, I got to...
This is poetic justice here is what's happening,
and he just whips his hand.
Whips his hand.
It's a magical flourish of a hand whip.
As quick as somebody can turn their wrist,
that thing flies from where it was right down behind it.
So rad.
Oh.
Okay.
The Gigantover Vivigus is tilting,
and as with all large, large creatures,
it's basically in slow motion as it's just like, oh.
Can we have all the people in the liturgy blow,
all blow at once?
Yes.
Ready?
Shaka-tee-fa-lee-cha, shaka-tee-fa-lee-cha,
shaka-tee-fa-lee-cha, all for the overseer.
Shaka-tee-fa-lee-cha, all for the overseer.
Shaka-tee-fa-lee-cha, all for the overseer.
The Gigantover Vivigus, stories tall,
dripping with ooze, made out of this thing
that you've been unsure of what it is
or why it's taking over your town,
the town of contention, for this entire time,
for the past, god, five days.
And...
It's forming and reforming.
You're never quite sure exactly where it is,
but in this moment, you do know
that it can no longer stand,
and it is now falling backwards,
having been table-topped by its former prison.
It is now the turn of the Don Jon AT-ST.
Well, hell, Uncle Don,
I got to say, I'm really enjoying this McFlurry.
I thought we were maybe more needed in this fight,
but it looks like that thing's fallen over.
Do you want to just share this McFlurry right here?
But as Kevin says that,
the ball runs off with you towards the fight.
Can I taste the McFlurry also?
Yes.
You're bumping everybody.
You're just passengers now,
and everybody's shaking really hard,
and you can see a lot of...
We got the Butterfinger?
M&M.
M&M.
You can see M&M's and McFlurry kind of chunking out,
but your brother, nephew,
unsteadily passes it over to you as best as he can.
Leaving a trail of colorful,
wet M&M's that are melting their colors
onto the illuminated land behind you.
Very nice.
Cool.
Yeah, roll to taste that.
My taste is one of my lowest skills.
It's only a 40, so...
What'd you get?
Oh, I didn't actually roll
because I didn't want to do that,
but yeah, I got a 29, so...
That's a long bit.
Yeah, I got a 29 on taste,
so what does that do, Zach?
Oh, you want me to describe?
Let me get inside your mouth real quick.
That means you get to taste it.
It just...
How do you think that tasted, Don?
I think he likes it.
Who don't like a McFlurry?
Don's lactose intolerant,
so he hasn't tasted a McFlurry in decades, but like...
Oh, but I don't have to experience the thing
because I can taste through your taste.
He's also been trapped in this world for decades,
seemingly, so that's probably a lot of things
he hasn't gotten to enjoy besides just dairy.
Uh-huh.
What's next on the agenda?
Cheese?
You got any cheese, boy?
Everybody's still really shaken
as this ball ATSD runs towards the fray,
but after Kevin John sees that Don succeeded on his roll
and got a good taste of this McFlurry,
he's like, hey, so, Uncle Don,
you're like magic and shit, right?
Oh, boy, I've learned a spell or two in my day,
possibly three.
You see John like strain and close his eyes pretty hard
and it looks like he's thinking,
and next to you from your ball leg,
another tendril shoots out,
and out of it is you would swear a Harry Potter wand
made out of tendrils.
And it's kind of like it taps you on the shoulder,
and it wants you to grab it.
I grab it to the best of my ability
with my weird limp arms and body.
Well, the ball is handing you,
and it's also kind of controlling you.
Yeah, yeah, so you try to grab it,
and when you can't, the tendril that's got your arm
kind of lifts your arm up to it.
It's like a ventriloquist grabbing the dummy's hand
and then, like, using it like,
my goddamn hand don't work as good as it did before.
And now you're grasping this thing's phallic appendage.
Now you're grasping this thing's wand.
Now, see, that's interesting,
because when I described a Harry Potter wand,
that doesn't seem super phallic,
but when you said when you're grasping this thing's wand,
all I could think of was a dick, so...
Okay.
I was just like, I balked at you calling it phallic at first,
but then as soon as you said wand out loud,
I was like, yeah, that sounds like a fucking cock.
So you grab the magic rod.
There's a nice neutral word.
What do you want me to do, boy?
What are we doing here? What's the plan?
We're gonna get into it.
We're gonna mix it up.
We're gonna add some petty more unpredictability to this fight,
but I feel through my ball bones
that you might be able to attenuate
to that little cock-like object you have in your hand.
Hopefully it will amplify and target your magic
towards our enemies.
Well, most of my magic's pretty close-up magic, I'd say.
It's a lot of card tricks.
It's a lot of card tricks.
Yeah, as you pull a fucking quarter from behind Kevin's ear.
Mostly street magic.
Yes.
It's a lot of hand.
Do I feel like I'm more powerful now?
Yeah, dude.
Being with the ball.
Well, I guess I'm seeing everyone
run towards the Gigantum umbripithecus.
Nailed it.
You got it.
And I'm gonna use devil hands,
but extend the range out with the magic wand.
Yeah.
I'm like, boy, you're about to see
the best devil hands you done ever seen.
Who are you devil-handsing?
The Gigantum umbripithecus.
Did you say it again?
When you say devil hands,
you're about to see the best devil hands you've ever seen.
Kevin John shrinks away from you
because that was another name for Uncle Slaps.
I just reach over and slap you.
Fucking dark.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's hard to be a petty more.
And so when you devil hands this thing,
I need you to roll an unnatural.
I got a 62 on a 70, sorry.
You have unnatural memorized?
Well, I'm DM.
Step DM, what are you doing?
And so you, that's legit.
I mean, that is a funny thing to say,
just maybe not in that context.
Why'd you come up with that just then, bud?
Yeah.
Why didn't you save that for the much more sexual moment?
I mean, I was about to describe the magic
coming out the tip, so I thought I was-
Stepkeeper, what are you doing?
The magics of Don D. Pettymore
and the vector that is Baal
come together to form this unholy trinity
of both of them, and it just fires out.
I mean, you all see the first massive amount of color
you've seen in this world that isn't just technicolor.
What color is devil hands?
I pictured a crimson red.
Oh, yeah.
In my mind, I thought of holding the wand,
like my entire arm starts just glowing orange-red
and charging up, basically,
and then it extends through the rod.
As that's charging and extending, Kevin says,
Step Uncle.
The Gigantum Barpithecus already falling to the ground
is now blasting in the middle of its body,
which literally starts to unform at the center,
and the bolt of energy, this unnatural energy,
just goes rocketing through it,
but the thing is at an angle to where it's coming in
at the belly button area,
and it's blasting out the back of this thing's head,
and it's just falling to the ground,
and you hear this massive roar.
If Don were to look over,
he's not because he's concentrated on making the spell happen.
He would notice that his brother-nephew next to him
is turning into that technicolor muck one bit at a time.
It's flowing from the leg with Kevin Don
into your wand, out of the bag.
Kevin Don is being sacrificed for this spell.
The crimson-red bolt of energy
that is connected and blasting through is encircled.
Spiraling technicolor energy surrounds the crimson-red firebolt,
and when it connects to the Gigantum Barpithecus
already on its way down,
the crimson-red and technicolor stream
begins making its way throughout the entirety of the existence
of this enormous, unnatural creature,
and then the entirety of this forming and reforming structural beast,
this huge presence of this world
that has been feared by everyone who's been here
for as long as they can remember,
it just dissipates.
And then, like a bomb,
the spot erupts and technicolor shockwaves,
with hues of red breaking up every color between them,
send everyone huddling to the ground
in order to avoid being thrown off of their feet.
The Gigantum Barpithecus is no more.
Fuck yeah!
Fuck yeah, dude!
Whoa.
John Ball, you're fighting with a hole,
and a whole lotta Mary.
Okay, so Agents of Myriad have started streaming towards us.
They are attempting, from where they are,
to assist you in closing this portal.
However...
They've failed.
They've failed.
So, yeah, John Ball sees them try and fail,
and a lot of them wind up on their ass with the shockwave.
John shoots out impossibly long tendrils on either side
that kind of literally just throw every Myriad
who fell on their ass from the shockwave.
He just scoops them into the hole
and tosses them on in there.
Wait, I was writing down.
Did you throw the Myriad guys into the hole?
Yeah.
Nice. Holy shit.
We might need those guys, though.
Just the ones that fell down.
Just the ones who couldn't hold their weight.
All right, go ahead and roll.
Unnatural.
I totally forgot I had a better thing planned for this
where John Ball just turns into a bulldozer.
Oh.
Do that.
19.
That's a passed unnatural roll.
Myriad rolled 100 in order to keep themselves
from being used in this way.
It's a critical fail?
It's a critical fail.
The most critical fail?
It's the most critical fail.
They start running towards it.
Oh.
Dude, a bunch of the other ones see what you're doing
and throw themselves onto the pile as well,
and these are ones who were trying to help
and kept their feet under them,
but they throw themselves at the mercy of this John Ball creature
who clearly knows what he's doing,
and these things know that a portal shouldn't be open,
and some of them are even yelling out.
You see them communicating with each other,
and one is like,
Is that 1620216?
Yes! Yes! Yes!
The plane! The plane!
It's unstable! Close the portal!
Oh. Yeah.
It works.
Some of them look down, though, and you see,
Let's roll Humant, but it'll be at a negative 20.
Everyone, go ahead and roll Humant, but at a negative 20.
Fail. 47 on a modified 30.
We got a 42 on a modified 10.
Did you say at a negative 30?
Negative 20.
Oh. Yeah, I still failed.
Yeah, Kripp passed.
Hey!
When you...
Holy shit.
Which Keith is this?
Oh, that's a good question.
Should I roll for both, Keith?
No, it's not going to be the one that's up another one.
It's the one that's up on the ceiling that's slowly lowering the ocean of darkness.
He's got his own thing going on up there.
Yeah, he's preoccupied.
Yeah, no, it's the one who just dropped off the McFlurries,
turns and sees these myriad creatures,
and the ones who are blocking themselves over this portal,
and they're looking down, and you see on their faces.
Can I intently look in their eyes and see what the reflection in their eyes are?
The reflection is Tildi B. Mitchell looking up at them.
From the portal?
Yeah, and they're looking down at her,
and they're all very aware of how thin all of their skin is,
and how none of them have nails,
and they're having this weird crisis moment.
I didn't put two and two together in time just now.
I still have not.
Are they all Tildi B's?
They all have a lot of similar qualities physically.
Yeah, Keith did spells on Tildi B in order to try to find
Keith.
eternal life, which made her fingernails pop off,
and her skin very thin, and her hair fall out.
Holy shit!
One of the Keiths didn't have fingernails either.
What does this Keith think?
This Keith didn't get it until just now either.
What does Myriad think?
Myriad is confused as fuck.
Holy shit.
Might have sent the wrong thing into that portal.
This is fucking interesting.
The Keith that is up in the sky.
Wait.
No, I guess we could just go.
I don't know how to do this.
There's no way to do this in character,
but what does that make Marvin?
Were they part of the transformation?
They're a lesser of the Myriads?
You're looking at me and not Zach,
which is insane right now.
Or a step past Myriad.
It's just Zach's dumb little story.
Don't think about it too much.
I'm sure he didn't.
We're seeing that Tildi is like a prototype Myriad.
So I'm just wondering where on the scale is Marvin?
It seems like he's more advanced.
Or these things are so advanced that they're enlightened.
They don't even need human speech and all that.
That could be.
It seemed to me these were more like machine people almost,
though, and Marvin had a lot more of his own agency.
But maybe they're like a hive mind and they are more advanced.
I don't know.
They seem hive mindy until we interact with them.
They do that when they're amongst themselves.
And then whoever you're interacting with can direct the consciousness
towards you at that moment and send it out to everybody else.
That also seems more robot-y, like machine-linked.
For sure.
Marvin was like a crime lord.
A lot of their systems are number-based.
They say things in numbers.
When Keith looks into the reflection in their eyes
and sees Tildi and sees them and starts thinking about it,
he just walks over to the pile.
Yeah.
Cool.
He walks over to the pile and looks at one of them.
Did I do that?
Oh, man.
Is there any recognition in the Myriad thing's eyes
when he's looking at me?
I already gave you your McFlurries, Keith Ashley Bean.
The Keith that is up in the sky sea,
surrounded by countless unspeakable worm-like abominations.
They're rising out of the water.
They're tube-like, covered in squamous black partially translucent membranes.
Their bodies segmented as toxically green pulsating arteries and veins
can be seen through their thin-looking exterior.
They have no identifiable eyes or nose.
Their cavernous, circular mouths,
one sitting just inside the other, are lined with hooked teeth.
They're spitting out saliva that's somehow darker than black.
And from these maws, sharp stylets protrude
like something between a tongue and a noodle-like needle.
And you look down at the door-sized chunk of frozen worm keeping you afloat.
And as your eyes refocus on the darkness of the cold ocean around you,
you have a horrible realization.
This ocean is made of absolutely zero water.
It is not ooze, either.
This upside-down ceiling slowly lowering down toward the battlefield below
is made up of myriad small, slithering, squamous xenonimatodes.
That's why the waves crash in irregular patterns
and why being submerged has a strange sort of pressure, tightness,
that doesn't happen in water.
And these things begin crawling up your legs.
Keith looks around, looks at these little tiny worms crawling up his legs
and spots a worm not too far from his frozen door worm.
He gets out one of the saw blades that he'd been shooting,
and there's like a little hole in the middle of it.
He takes his pants off and shakes off the worms
and feeds one of his legs of his pants through that hole,
and then he jumps at the nearest worm with the intent of stabbing this saw
near the front towards the teeth, jumps over and tries to stick it in.
Okay, role melee combat.
I got a 4.
I got a 42.
Do you pass?
I do.
Yeah.
So what happens?
Before you can even lunge as you're tying off your pant leg
through this circular saw, these worms are climbing you.
As soon as your pants are off, these things are climbing your legs
and you realize that when they're climbing,
it's not individual ones getting any higher on you.
They're just sucking their little circular mouths, hooking into your skin,
and then the next one is just somehow crawling up on top of that one,
and it sucks onto you a little bit higher,
and then the next one, just these things running up your leg,
and your legs are just completely covered in these tiny little mouths
that are chunking out bits of your skin
and sending you mentally to a completely different place
as you take six damage.
I don't know what my health is on this, Keith.
Is this your main, Keith?
This was the Planet Juggernaut, Keith.
So it was full health, right?
No, I think it was low, wasn't it?
Didn't we start that fight really low?
Hold on, let me try this again, which does 36 points of damage.
Oh, I had 37.
I had a million, so.
It does a deadly amount of damage.
As I'm trying to jump off, I see what's happening,
and I use the circular saw to cut my legs off
so that I can get away from the worms and fly towards the other worms.
My God.
Zero sanity, Keith, that makes all the sense in the world,
and so this circular saw just...
You probably don't even make it to the second leg
after you go through that femoral artery.
No, we're going to go ahead,
and it's a whole new kind of samurai move that you've invented here
of taking a circular saw through the thigh in order to...
Die?
Ritually commit sudoku.
God dammit.
Or the Cubs announcer.
God dammit.
Oh my God, why do we think about that?
Zach, that's a terrible Harry Caray.
That was Nick Nichols.
I know.
What's Harry Caray sound like?
Like that.
He gets a little more breathless.
Yeah, Harry Caray watching the baseball game and calling the play.
Musical guest, Harry Caray.
What is the last thing that goes through Keith's mind before he dies?
A bunch of worms.
Planet Juggernaut, how do you land?
Okay, so Planet Juggernaut was kind of in his big arcing path
around the Gigantopropithecus when the rest of team good guy,
we think, baby, team our world, really stepped up
and knocked that fucker out.
So Planet Juggernaut kind of sees this and starts swinging back around.
He adjusts his path, and he's heading towards Mary in the portal.
A hundred percent.
So go ahead and roll.
I think we can make this happen this turn.
Oh, right.
So can he get to her this turn?
Uh-huh.
Okay, so he's going to try to just take her out.
Land on her?
Yeah, or just flatten her, just like he's heading right towards her.
69.
It's a 69.
Oh, my God.
It's a straight 69.
Oh, my God.
That's fucking amazing.
Describe this dinner for two, baby.
So Mary has dropped Rosemary, right?
That's right.
Okay, so it's a ball focusing all its energy onto this portal.
Yeah, it's got all of its tendrils except for two plugged in
because those two had been lasered off previously.
Mary is so focused on forming this portal
and bringing Tilda into this world
that she does not really notice the shadow that starts looming overhead,
getting bigger and darker.
And just as she thinks she's about to pull it through,
she's at her moment of utmost concentration.
Everything ends for Mary.
Everything goes black.
There's no more consciousness, no more pain, no more struggle.
The mission is over.
Mary is over.
The rest of the people in this weird world feel everything around them
reverberate as Planet Juggernaut crashes into the ground,
completely eliminating the portal, the Mary,
and it kind of pillows into the soft surface of this space.
And you don't hear the sound that you think you should
as it's kind of absorbed into the floor of this world a little bit
like you jumped on a soft pillow
and it comes to a rest over the space where Mary used to be.
One Keith Vigna, two Clark Bishops, one Planet Juggernaut,
one Ball named John, and an AT-ST holding the Dawn
exist out of combat.
And as Zack, the bald, mustachioed man sitting across from you,
continues to describe this group of people on this alternate plane,
figuring out what they're going to do next.
You notice the walls of this room swiftly change color and placement.
Suddenly, one wall is covered in a moving blanket that's been nailed up
to keep the daylight out of this baseball-themed room.
The adjacent walls have been painted Cardinals Red
with the St. Louis skyline and Busch Stadium,
and five friends sit around a desk and a table,
each with a microphone in front of their mouths.
Next to this enthusiastically narrating Zack
sits a chortling Justin with thick, curly hair,
clear frames on his glasses,
and a consistent giggle that reflects his compassion and tenderheartedness.
The chuckles continue as an in-character joke
is nimbly slipped in by this sharp, well-bearded Thomas,
who finger guns a Luke who is wearing a cute top and sick new shoes
and a hat that is both abstract and completely made out of leather.
And this comedically verdant Luke looks up into the sky and says,
Hell yeah.
He says that at the exact moment a charming, punctual Joe Terry
with long, windswept-in-a-nice-way hair
brings the group back to the story with a sentence
that is somehow both equally in and out of the story,
which leads this thankful Zack, distressingly unaware of me or you or any of us,
back into this group's current contention story,
in which the filter on the colorization changes as we all see the city.
Everything is drab and gray with a sickly green tint to it.
The streets are covered in trash and spilled liquids.
There's a scent in the air like someone left out cheese
and a colostomy bag on every corner.
The faces of the buildings are slathered in billboards
and the faces of the people bumbling about would be bloated and lifeless
if there were any people here, but there are not.
In a strange opposition to this depressive scenery
there are beautiful flowers in every shade and shape
growing in every otherwise empty alleyway
and out of many cracks in the sidewalks and roads.
You all get the sense that this is some sort of nighttime,
though the stars are bright enough to light the sky.
Perhaps the people who live here are merely asleep or elsewhere.
And suddenly countless different versions of a group of contention police officers
fighting off some wild threat begin to appear from portals
placed pervasively throughout this city.
So I like to imagine the first group is clearly
Clark Bishop, John Lee Pettymore IV, Keith Vigna, and some sort of animal friend
all in astronaut suits, extravehicular mobility units
for you trivia people.
But along with these four there's a mind-shatteringly immense creature
squeezing its way into this existence.
This belief-wrecking monstrosity smells like rain and smoke
and the dried sweat of a loved one.
And it reminds you of a time you felt safe.
The next group through one of these many portals
is three myriad agents wearing pinstripe suits and trilby hats
blowing on whistles that sound like they say FBI when blown.
And they're chasing these four versions, these like mobster versions
of John, Keith, Clark, and whatever Justin is playing in this.
What would you look like?
Clark's wearing trousers with suspenders and a white shirt and a fedora.
And the white shirt doesn't fit quite right so the top few buttons are unbuttoned.
And maybe one of the suspender straps is a little bit dangly.
It's not quite fit right. And he's disheveled.
John is wearing a sleek black zoot suit with a large fedora.
And he's got a Tommy gun.
And he kind of shoves the disheveled Clark on by.
Come on guys, we gotta go. Book it, Keith.
Keith has a white cotton tank top on with some black dress pants that are quite big.
You know.
Like all of ours, it's the style of the time.
And he's got his tie around his head like a drunk guy at a wedding.
Yes, yes.
I do want to describe all of our ties which are somehow impossibly thick and pointy and short.
Like those crazy 40s ties.
Justin, what is your character wearing?
My character is all of the nickels together wearing the exact same tuxedo.
Nick, Nick, Dick, and Rick.
Yeah, all four of them are all together holding hands running.
Like the memes of the biblical angels.
Yes, there's just so many eyes.
Yeah.
And microphones.
Yeah, they all have old timey microphones.
You guys want to do one more variation on a theme or no?
Sure.
What is happening?
We are playing a game in a different game where we're playing the game in the city
where all these portals are opening up in the empty city and all of these different versions from different versions of...
We're meeting the versions of ourselves that alternate universes, versions of ourselves have created.
That's exactly right.
Into a shared game space.
Yeah.
Which is the city.
Love it.
And so the next group that comes in is...
They're all out of a Willy Wonka style situation.
Yes!
Okay, yes.
Yeah, so they're all being chased by this crazy man who is wearing two different top hats.
One's purple and one's green and they're both staying on his head for some reason.
And he's got pirate vibes.
He's got a pirate shirt on underneath a long tuxedo where the tail on the coat is actually 14 yards long.
That's right.
42 feet long and...
And what is Keith Vigna's Wonka character?
His clothes are just made out of banana Laffy Taffy.
Is he eating it as he's running?
He's chewing on the suspenders.
Keith isn't running.
Keith is in the bed that we're pushing.
And as soon as the guy catches up, he leaps up and spryly runs out.
You get a Wonka, Justin?
You get a Wonka character?
A Wonka character?
Yeah.
What about there's a beautiful cotton candy outfit of some kind?
Some kind.
Is that the Wonka?
Is that a Wonka?
That's the Wonka.
Is that a Wonka?
Clark's wearing a black turtleneck and he has a monocle.
Oh, yeah.
He was one of the parents of the children.
Yeah, that's perfect.
He got swept away after his child got taken.
And he's just following these people who seem like they know how to get out of here.
A small purple John Lee Pettymore holding a Tommy gun turns around and starts opening fire on the thing chasing them.
We keep doing this and every time John has a Tommy gun.
That's actually crazy because I wrote a thing in here where he doesn't have one.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
It's wild.
Did you imagine?
My final one is that busting through one of these portals into this weird city scene is Keith Beans in an Olympic style wrestling leotard.
Clark Bishop wearing a crown made of flowers with a guitar strapped to his back.
And you both look like you have what are oversized paper clips aimed directly at a John ball.
And at the end of each of these metal tendrils, what do you have?
Just a bunch of myriads with Tommy guns.
And they're just like, Clark, Keith, we only want to help as they blast bullets their way.
And as these five first class friends forged further into their fiction, another equally charismatic and likable group, us, us again, we're talking about us.
We're back in this room talking to each other and dealing with...
Zach, I don't want to freak your dick, but that's where we've been this whole time.
Consider my dick freaked.
Roll sanity.
Suddenly, you're all standing on this luminous land, free from the restraints of combat, looking around at each other.
When a sound like a swelling sea surf surrounds you and smothers your senses as an actual swelling sea surf consisting of cramped small-scale xenonematodes begins collapsing down toward you.
It has not stopped. It will continue. You are running out of time.
Thanks for wasting all our time with that alternate world shit.
It was like a round and a half. We could have been fighting those nematodes.
We could have been doing so much.
Shut up, Zach. Come on.
Mary and Caroline, I'm on the borderline, leaving my mind at your altar, crossing the double line, doing it every time.
Tell me what kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
