Hello small beans one and all, it's your big bean zaddy, Wolf the Daddy.
But no really, it's Wolf the Dog.
And I am here to meme and scream till I deem this a proper scene that seems to lean mean
from a serene scheme that beams live from 694.2 PTBP.
Pee-pees, sheepies, tee-hees, creepies, wee-wees.
Hey, do you want to give my producer here some solid info on what you like about this
here show?
What we could improve upon and that sort of such ain't happenin's?
Check out the show notes for a link to our listeners survey, a place for you delicious
folk to make your voices heard.
If you hate looking at the show notes for some dumb fuckin reason, all the better.
You can find a leak on our tweeter, PretendinPod, our Facebook, or on the subreddit r slash
PretendinToBePeople.
And if you're interested in joining one of the most inclusive, fun-lovin' communities
in this Cthulhu forsaken world, join us on the Discord, there's a link, you guessed
it, in the show notes.
True fans, check the show notes and click all them links without thinking, and that's
the motherfuckin' truth, y'all.
I click every link I see no matter where it's from or who sent it to me, and that's wild
because I don't even know how to get on the fuckin' internet, Bill Gates.
If you're sick of basic ass juice, there's no excuse for not mixing in equal parts gin,
cherry liqueur, and chartreuse.
It's time for the news.
Last time, Keith and Pastor Adam Kane went through the impassable metal plate, the door
at the bottom of Bean's pond, and Daddy passed the fuck out due to impact.
Keith shot him in both feets before headin' out down an old mine elevator to a cavernous
laboratory.
Above ground, Clark didn't throw away his shot, which he missed, but it led Casey Kristoff
to have his hand blown off by a shot from the clandestine carbine of Anne Love, codename
Karen.
And then, there was a very good conversation happenin' between Clark Bishop and Anne Love.
They got into a whole thing about the asylum?
Woof, I bet there's more of that comin' soon.
Down in the underground lab, Keith found the drafts for an old camera, radio, gun, and
helmet.
He also found the blueprints for a ball, the 25th of which worked.
M-A-R-Y, you ain't got no alibi, you ugly.
Except for you, dear listener, you are beautiful beyond imagination, and you obviously remember
that Keith then attempted to cast a spell of eternal life on himself that caused his
nails to pop off like a movie theater concession stand.
Mmm, butter.
Now, dear listener, what is your favorite thing to put on top of a heated dry corn?
Some say butter, some say premarison cheese.
I say it's kudzu with no backbone.
Anne Love, code name Karen, looks right at Clark Bishop and says,
W-wait a second, so...
Where's Leon?
He's, uh, he's helpin' with somethin' else.
Yeah, but he was sent for... did you send him somewhere else?
Yes.
Roll Persuade.
I pass.
Uh, 35 on a 40.
Okay.
Well, we better get going.
Wait, Anne, I gotta... what do you know about Maggie?
I mean, I know the takeover has been pretty brutal.
The takeover?
That's kinda what I'm wondering about.
Well yeah, because Jim had to die, right?
Because of the revelations of the Overseer, which he wasn't stoked about, but Maggie was
seemingly completely on board with.
And when that actually came to fruition, she saw her place and came to claim it.
Why did Jim have to die?
Because of the revelation of the Overseer?
I read a bit of that, and I don't remember seeing...
Okay, walk and talk, walk and talk.
This is all... we gotta get to your, uh... you still live at your parents' house, right?
We can't...
Keith's down in the hole.
We can't leave Keith down there.
Oh, right.
Can you help us get our buddy out of this hole?
She looks down at it, and she kinda, like, steps on it.
I don't know, seems like an impassable metal plate.
Hahahaha.
I don't... we haven't even, like, tried to pick it up or anything.
I'd like to try to do that.
Okay, three, two... remember?
Legs, not back.
Three, two...
Hey, Councilwoman?
You gonna help?
Three, two, one.
And you guys, you can't get your fingers more than half an inch underneath it.
And there's just mud.
It's seemingly just this metal plate.
There's nothing under... what was I saying?
I doubt it.
I don't know.
Maggie?
Sure.
Hahahaha.
Oh, right, the Revelation of the Overseer.
So, like, when you couldn't get your parent's book, cause I failed, Kevin here failed, we
failed.
Also, you know, sorry about all that.
But we couldn't get the book, so he tried to create his own, right?
But when it happened, the only thing that came out of it was that fucking picture, that
creepy, creepy picture of the guy, the hood, the light says, you know, he should not...
It's only through death that he shall rise again.
Oh, such an excellent member of the circle of knowledge you've already become.
And there was a letter in it, right?
Cause letters pop out of that one, it's like, you can't do shit with that book, but sometimes
letters pop out?
I don't know.
But it was called the Revelations of the Overseer, and it was this thing that was just like on
and on about how Jim had to die in order for the world to be safe and blah, blah, blah.
So anyway, Jim obviously didn't like that a whole lot, but...
You were friends with Jim, right?
Friends is an interesting term.
Well, you said he kind of recruited you, like, you guys had a relationship before the circle
of knowledge.
Yeah, he was my handler.
He was our handler.
Uh...
Cool!
Would you happen to know what the meaning behind a tarot card with a devil on it might
be?
Does that ring a bell for you?
I mean, Satan, but that seems more big picture and not really what we're doing here.
Seems like we never really made that a focus and therefore just kind of fell off the plot
line structure of this whole thing.
Satan?
Yeah.
Jack was Satan, you're a big bad.
Well I think it was more of like a code name.
Basically we're not here to try to take down Myriad.
That would be, that would take a bit of, you know, intelligence and time.
So you know about Myriad, you know those creatures.
Jim told us what he wanted to about Myriad, yeah.
What was that?
We really need to get going if we're going to make it to CCC.
Circle of knowledge to a circle of knowledge member, what is Myriad to us?
To you I don't know, but Myriad is the group that runs the government, is that a good
way of saying it?
Yeah, it checks out.
Basically we made a deal with them to use their technology if they could, you know,
have some sway in political matters.
You met Marvin, right?
He was a rebel, I guess with a cause, if that cause is just attaining power.
And then why did you kill my parents?
To get the book that we never found.
Sorry about that.
If we found it I would have felt better about killing your parents, but I bet it's still
at your house, so if we could go get that actually, that would be dope.
You killed them because you couldn't find it?
I was sent there to kill, yes, Jim essentially hired us to go get the book, but he, he told
me it all means necessary.
I mean even though they were his friends, technically, I guess if you want to call that
friendship.
He had them under the San Ferra Blum situation, so I guess it's not really friendship, but
even that couldn't get the information out of them.
San Ferra Blum, we've heard that mentioned.
What is that?
It's the project!
At Calm Comfy Campground!
It's the whole thing, with the flowers, and the city, you know, we've been using it in
the city for a while, and then Myriad wanted us to go country-wide with it, but then James
for some reason freaked out about that plan and fucked everything up for, not for long,
Maggie's going through with it.
But what does San Ferra Blum do?
Pacifies the mind, essentially, so it makes people more malleable, right, so like everyone
in the city basically works for Bar Corp at this point, which is one of our subsidiaries
that we own, so basically the idea is that it's like, people are calling it New World
Order, but basically it's just making sure that chaos doesn't happen.
Could this New World Order protect a man of means such as myself?
Kevin, are you talking about the money from all the cocaine we're probably gonna sell
as soon as this is over?
Hahahaha!
Cause if so, then hell yeah.
Yes.
Going to sell.
What did that mean?
That seemed like a thing.
No it didn't.
Hahahaha!
You know, this is an audio medium and I can't convey my inner intentions with a glance or...
You can join the Den of Sin for $15 to get those glances on our Patreon content over
at patreon.com slash pretending pod, that was all, and love talking.
Uh, yeah, no we're definitely gonna be of means, but Kevin, you are primed to join Circle
of Knowledge, and with that comes, you know, whatever you want, but more than money it's
a sense of pride of saving the world from total destruction, but also on top of that
you get literally anything you want cause money doesn't really matter anymore for us.
Well, but, I mean, with the San Ferablam and Marriott stuff, aren't you kinda just destroying
the world in the name of saving it?
I had some qualms with that too, Maggie didn't mention this New World Order stuff, I was
signing up to stop a monster.
Yeah, well that's how we're doing it.
By creating one?
Well, I don't, I wouldn't say that we're creating a monster necessarily as...
You know, Maggie showed me that creature, have you seen it?
The Gigantombropypicus?
I didn't, she didn't tell me its name.
Oh yeah, that shit is mad fucked.
I'm sorry, what?
Gigantombropypicus?
Yeah, sorry, I'm not in your club, what's...
Seriously, Kevin, you are absolutely gonna join the Circle of Knowledge after this, which,
if we could get to the CCC, that was the original, the original game plan.
But I guess we could get the book first, get the book and then go to CCC, cause the book,
I mean your town here, no offense, completely fucked probably unless we figure out a way
which the book is probably the way that we can solve all this ooze and goo or whatever
you're talking about.
Did you know that Adam thought that he could somehow change all this?
Who's Adam?
Adam is the man, uh...
He's down in that hole.
In the hole.
Oh, the helmet guy?
Yeah.
No, I don't know who that is.
Do you know what he thought was down there?
Have you seen this door before?
Do you know anything about what's going on here at Bean's Pond?
No.
Did you say how you found us?
Well yeah, I came to town to break into your house, and then I saw this big floating wall
of water that was filled with fish, and I thought to myself, you know what, that might
be a place that I wanna go.
And then it turns out my old partner's fucking here.
And she kinda like goes up and elbows you?
When we got to town, we were saving the fish wall thingy for last.
Oh, well we did opposites, I suppose.
Seemed like the most exciting thing.
Maybe we should just go for the big fish wall next time.
That's what Anne Love would do.
Oh, by the way, my name's Anne Love.
I don't know if you knew that.
Hi, my name's John Lee Pettymore.
Same as my daddy and my daddy before.
Oh, for real?
That's like, that's your actual name?
Yeah.
Oh damn, that's me.
Okay, cool.
John.
Nice to meet you, John.
Thanks, man.
Alright, you guys wanna go continue to save the world?
We gotta kill this cat, though.
Provisionally.
Oh, we should kill this cat.
I don't care.
We gotta kill this cat.
At that point, Agent Shrink Cat, who's on top of the radio, has turned from being extremely
hopeful that John Lee Pettymore would help him ooze his way into this radio to like,
wait, what?
I thought he turned on us after my offer of, he threw gun, he threw dirt in my gun.
Yeah, he thought you were gonna kill him.
He recently, though, has been pointing at, he was pointing at the on-off switch on the
thing?
Yeah, he was pointing at the broken tube of the radio, and then he was pointing at John.
He was mostly just afraid when you failed the role, it was less of a, like, turning
him on you, more of a, he's still afraid that you're gonna try to kill him kind of thing.
But with the conversation that's been happening since then, especially the one where he got
outed as, uh, a member of a, uh, posing force, if you will, of the unnatural, he's gotten
worried.
Hold on, Ann.
I think he's more of a use to us alive than dead.
Okay, well, you know.
I wink at the cat.
The cat winks back.
Cool.
And Carrie Pages is, like, sitting in the mud, just kind of, like, drawing in it.
Hey, Drew.
Hey, yeah, no, sorry, um, this is all going way over my head, and I would rather not have
this knowledge if it means that, if it's gonna make me feel worse in my head space, then
I would rather not have this knowledge.
So I would like to go home, I guess.
Drew, I understand.
I totally understand.
Drew, I was, I was hoping I could ask you a couple questions before you, before we got
you home.
Is that okay?
With some of the knowledge that's in your head space?
Yes, no, of course, um, I am willing to answer any questions from you guys, obviously, as
long as Miss Karen...
Karen, we'll...
Yeah, we'll be right with you, Karen.
We'll head your way after we finish talking to Miss Pages here.
Councilwoman?
Yes, of course.
Can you tell me what you learned from your time at, uh...
Big winks.
Yeah.
At the side of Adam there?
What happened?
Were you at the church?
Well, he points to the radio.
They used that to switch our bodies, of course, and then I was blindfolded and held in a,
in a side room until I was brought here.
Oh, good.
How did the, how'd they get ahold of you in the, in the first place?
Were you, were you attacked, kidnapped?
Did you seek them out?
What happened here?
Oh yeah, no, right.
So, I was out and about, and I was getting a cat carrier for you all, and then we had
a phone conversation, and then I believe it was that old, um, oh, what's his name?
That ne'er-do-well.
Terrence.
Yeah, Terrence Liquor and, uh, the other one, the Rocky Balboa little fella.
Fade.
Oh yeah, Fade.
Uh, Fade, can't pronounce his last name, was, uh, they, they came and they, they grabbed
me and they, they brought me to the church.
And did they ever mention a plan or a goal with you?
Well, yeah, they were going to sacrifice everyone's bodies in order to get the pastor to go back
in time to save the world, I guess was their plan, but it never made much sense to me because
I had all the faith in the world and the three of you.
Aw.
Thanks, Drew.
We're still working.
Yeah, how much, how, how much progress did they make on that sacrifice and everybody's
body's part?
Well, no, it was supposed to be an all-at-once deal, so, I mean, yeah, I mean, bodies were,
were useful, but he, he was mostly keeping everyone alive.
I would assume that they're all still at the first church of contention, but then looking
around, I guess the first church of contention is unguarded currently.
It does seem like the water's here and not there.
I mean, there might be enough puddles there for everyone.
That's what they were calling the pools where they could hide from this, they kept calling
it residue.
We call it goo.
Oh, from the goo.
I like that much better.
Well, you were there.
You're Drew.
Yes, I am and I've always liked that much better.
It's hard to do one voice when you're trying to be in the mind of another.
I can only imagine.
Del Blanc, they always talk about a sign that he was such a great voice actor.
He did like Porky Pig and, uh, he could do his other characters doing his other characters.
So he could do like Elmer Fudd doing Porky Pig or whatever.
Yeah.
What would that sound like?
I can't do either.
Normally.
Why, get that wasque, wasque, wasque, wasque rabbit.
Nailed it.
Yeah.
I turned to John.
My one idea now is we could send Drew back to his body with the radio and the four wheeler
and we give him something to do, maybe put him back in his own body and we could go with
Anne here.
I was only eavesdropping a little bit, but that sounds fantastic to me.
If you could direct me in the right direction, then I could get back into my own body and
not be, and Drew kind of looks down and it's like in Gary Page's body.
Do we trust the sewer people with the radio?
I trust Gary and Harry for sure.
Who's all down there?
Mildred Mitchell's down there.
And then your body is down there.
Last we left it, it was unconscious.
Is it hurt?
It took a couple of spills, but nothing you can't handle, Drew.
Yeah.
Okay, well let's get going.
That sounds like a great idea to me.
If you'll excuse me, Kitty.
Back at Ang's house during that firefight out on the lawn, I picked up another snub
does revolver.
I'm going to hand that to Kerry, just in case it comes in handy.
You got protection.
Okay.
And Kerry gets really emotional, looks at John Lee Pettymore the third and says, your
son taught me how to shoot one of these and I will never forget him for that and everything
that he's done for me.
Big grin comes across my face and I put both hands on his shoulders and I said, no, Drew,
bubble gum tree.
And Kerry Page's eyes light up and Drew just like throws his arms around you.
Hey little buddy.
John, is this really you?
More or less, yeah.
Oh my God.
This whole time I thought that it was, Oh my God.
So we're all really indifferent.
I mean, Clark, you're still Clark.
Yeah.
I mean, except for Clark and well, Keith is kind of MIA down the bottom of the pond,
but otherwise it's just all a big switcheroo.
Oh boy.
This must be really confusing for everyone.
Some folks have trouble keeping up with it, yeah, but not us.
Well, John, I don't know how to repay you for, thank you.
Then he turns, she turns, he turns to and love.
And thank you, you, I think saved my life and puts out a hand.
Maybe, maybe don't, maybe don't, maybe don't put out a hand.
Oh, yep.
Okay, sure.
Uh, I'll just take this four wheeler then.
If you guys want to direct me in the appropriate direction to hit the sewers and kitty, are
you going with them or are you coming with me?
And the cat is like pointing at the radio.
I still think, I still think that we should kill it.
Noted.
This page is Harry put up a sign at clinkers showing you where to go.
If you, if you can get to clinkers, you can, you can find them down there.
You look to where clinkers would be because it's just like a block past this water wall.
Anyway, here's water wall.
Throwing it back to you.
What do you guys want to do?
John, do you think we should, uh, like leave a note or something?
Keith is still just down there.
I assume he's going to come back up at some point.
You could probably write it in the mud.
Go get rained away.
I don't know.
Hey, I'll probably figure it out, but if you want to leave something in the mud, that's
fine with me.
I'm going to pat down my uniform.
Do I maybe have a notepad on me?
As you guys are doing this, Drew is getting on the four wheeler.
Wait, are we really going to go with and love the calm, comfy campground?
We need to get in this fucking hole and gives you a salute.
And then with the cat on the back, I feel like they drive up out of beans pond.
We should have gone with him.
Okay.
When we started this entire campaign, my total, my absolute hope was that Drew Andrews and
the body of Kerry pages would be driving the four wheeler that was brought here 25 years
ago out of a dry beans pond with agent Trent, Chad, a city asylum employee in the body of
Dr. Marie Andrews is cat Salem out and then toward clinkers to find a hidden message in
the signs to find out where they are in the sewers and love is like, Hey, is that my four
wheeler?
I felt like this has been pretty railroaded the whole time.
You're right.
It was obvious.
You wanted us to get to hear it, man.
We've been, I remember when you guys went to the city, I was like, Oh fuck.
They don't understand my vision at all.
God damn it.
This has been fun.
All right.
It's not over yet.
Not even by a little bit.
So let's keep going.
The four wheeler drives up and out and, and love looks at you and is like, why wouldn't
you want to go with me?
We need to go to Bishop's.
We need to get the book.
If you finally tell us where it is, then we could have it in the circle of knowledge.
We can do whatever we want.
Honestly, I'm not a big fan of Maggie.
If you guys want to take over the three of us could take over and, and could you just
give me, give me one, one second.
And I want to pull John away a little bit.
John, um, do you remember that whole business at the, at the college in our, in our last
lives?
Yeah.
Right before all that happened, Leon wanted to take me to the common comfy campground
and at the last minute had a change of heart and decided that we should investigate the
college stuff, which I think we found out after the fact, it seemed kind of like a personal
thing for him, but his actual mission was to get me to the common comfy campground.
So it seems like the circle wants us there at least.
Yeah.
But we learned a lot about the circle just now that kind of makes it seem a little unsavory.
I don't, I didn't like all that new new world order business, but the, the creature is real.
The creature I saw and it could, it could end at all.
Yeah.
What if we kill Ann though and just focus on trying to get Keith out of that hole.
I feel like someone or something is throwing a lot of distractions at us.
I just want to focus on one thing.
As much as I hate her, there's nothing that she could say or do that would ever make me
call myself on her side.
But at this point she's saying some of the right things that she doesn't necessarily
care about Maggie, which we've had her doubts about Maggie.
She knows a lot about what's going on.
Clearly.
She's not like got good intentions.
I mean us in power means the new world order thing wouldn't happen.
I think that happens no matter what we just be running it.
I don't know if that'd be so bad if we could, if we could change it from the inside.
I just want to watch my Smokies and sit around with my money and my family.
How about, how about this?
How about we just, you and I both know that killing her wouldn't be too much sweat off
our backs, me especially.
So let's just have that in our back pocket.
The first time things get hanky, we can pop her.
No questions asked.
I think you're taking, I think you're trying to take us to comp company campground right
now is the definition of hanky.
Seems hanky to me.
That's what I'm saying though is what about Keith man?
I mean, yeah.
What about Keith?
Well, when you put it that way, I don't know, dude.
I don't trust her.
I don't think we should go.
I don't like it.
I think we got to help Keith.
Well, how, how would we, how would we do that?
Fuck.
They opened the door somehow.
I kind of wondered maybe and knows more about it than she's letting on.
I was asking her about it.
That's what I thought.
I was hoping she would know that.
I'm kind of wondering now if it opened because Keith was near it, it has his name on it.
Yeah.
That's not a bad thought.
Oh, you know what it was?
I bet it was the watch.
He had the watch on.
That savior and son of a bitch.
Well.
And at that exact moment, you hear a rushing of a waterfall as whatever unnatural force
was holding up either side of this water wall relinquishes control and like a sheet of ice
or a long cloth or a string of beads, this floating moat comes crashing down into the
ground on mass, erupting both away from and into Bean's pond where the three of you are
currently chit chatting.
I need both of you to roll swim checks.
That's something I sure as shit didn't put any points into.
Ann Love rolled a four.
Good for her.
Oh my God.
I pass.
So I have the baseline 20 and I rolled a 10.
I have the baseline 20 and I rolled a 54.
Clark, you see this thing.
It's just.
And from all sides simultaneously, this mushroom shaped lack of pond is filling back up and
becoming a pond.
And as you're trying to run, we got muddy feet and it's filling all the way to the top
as you swim.
You uh, you can stay afloat the entire time where you're only, you don't take in much
water as you're making your way up out of there.
John, you actually have some issues as John Lee Pettymore the third is trying to swim
out.
You feel.
You're kind of roboty.
Is it sinking him?
Holy shit.
That's perfect.
Yeah.
John, you feel the weight of the metal in your endoskeleton pulling you further and
further down into the murky fish frenzy that is beans pond.
Oh, and you feel the intense buzzing inside your skull that you felt when you dunked your
head into the truck bed puddle and the static is growing and growing, but suddenly you're
moving upward toward the surface at a rapid clip.
And as you break through the top of the water, you hear fossilism, fossilism, fossilism,
and you see and love holding out one hand toward you and her other hand down at her
feet.
And she is standing on the pond and you are standing on the pond.
She puts her hand on your shoulder and as you catch your breath, she walks you off of
this teeming overflowing pond and onto the bank next to Clark Bishop, still ankle deep
due to the excess water in the wall.
Holy shit Kev lucky for you.
I was here and we were going to kill you.
What up dude?
How you would have been.
Oh, we got a screen share right off the bat.
Oh boy.
What are we?
I just typed in borf.
Okay.
You didn't know what you were doing when you typed in borf.
Oh, that is a, um, there's a furry.
I like this one better.
Oh boy.
Ooh, this is a borf gets you a lot of good stuff.
On our call of Cthulhu game, uh, Luke learned what yiffing was.
Oh yeah.
Furry sex.
That was, I don't know if that came from the chat or if that just came up.
I don't remember why it came up, but when you look up borf, there's a fair amount of
animal fucking going on in here.
Oh, this guy's name's borf too.
He's a little alien.
It looks like a flubber became a person.
It's like a flubber and Ghostbusters mix.
Ew.
Yeah.
Oh, can you imagine if Robin Williams had been in Ghostbusters?
I can't imagine.
It would go a little something like this.
Hey everybody, gotta get the ghost.
Gotta get the ghost.
Oh.
Is that good?
It was good enough.
Trying these letters.
We gotta call.
We gotta call.
It's a something.
Funny always gets good stuff.
Okay.
Look, do you remember where we were last time?
That is a baby with a handlebar mustache.
It's a very good look.
Advanced sharing options.
Who can share?
Only host.
Aww.
There it is.
I guess I'll get out of this then.
What a shame.
It's fun being on Zoom calls with you, Luke.
Let's play games.
Let's play games.
Last time you went down an elevator shaft, an old mining elevator down and then opened
up a sealed blast door like from a bunker, entered a large cavernous room.
Your ears popped.
You did the yawn.
I did.
Sorry, what was that?
It's a shame that this is only an audio medium because...
Unless you subscribe to the Patreon, then once a month you get to watch me do this.
So you went down here, you found papers that were blueprints for the four items that we've
come to know as the items that were in the trunk that Jon Peters brought to his home
from the green box over at, I want to say, A Plus Storage was the name, and those four
items were the gun, the helmet, the radio, and the camera.
And you found scientific math that did not quite add up to come up with the engineering
to make those items possible.
You also found some notes about different spells this person was trying out in an attempt
at eternal life, and then you finally found twenty-five attempts at making a manipulating
activator colon robot, A through Y, with the final one being codename Mary saw the picture
of a small metal sphere that was one inch in diameter, and at the bottom it said host
found.
And yes, I was excited.
You tried out one of these spells for the eternal life situation, you gave it a go,
and when you said the words enough times, or maybe the right way, or maybe with the
correct pronunciation, your bones began to vibrate, and then you felt all of your toenails
and fingernails popping like popcorn off of your body, and at that exact moment, you heard
the blast door that was on the far side of this room, something rammed itself.
Probably something spooky.
Might be a dragon.
Look at my new name.
I don't get it.
Because it doesn't have nails.
No nails required.
Oh my god.
It says dovetail joint, and I'm not a craftsman.
Okay, so, when I look at my hand, like, what's that look like?
Well, it looks like a hand, but instead of nails, there is a wrinkly bed of skin.
So the nails popped like popcorn and fell off?
Yes.
If I touch them on the ground, are they still like nails?
They're brittle.
I put one in my pocket.
I put all of them in my pocket.
Okay, as you're collecting them, they are brittle like cat's nails.
They're like ogres.
They're like ogres?
Yeah, they have layers.
So as they kind of splinter apart as you're touching them, they're like extremely weak
nails.
Okay.
I've got ten of those in my pocket.
Okay, so probably a hundred shards.
Okay, I want to take my shoes off and empty the nails out of there, and then put my shoes
back on.
What was your foot situation?
Did you have on boat shoes?
Yes, I did.
So no socks.
These were all just in your smelly smelly.
And they stink.
They stink.
Also, remember, I fell into- no, no, no!
I took my shoes off.
Oh yeah, you took them off.
So looking on the ground, you can look back and see the trail of muddy footprints, and
you're not quite sure whether it's all mud on those footprints on the concrete ground,
but you see these shards.
I'm going to put my toenails in my pockets too.
So you've got roughly 200 shards of nail.
In that left pocket.
In only the left pocket.
Left cargo pocket.
Like in the button up one.
You remember those Halloween games when you were a kid where they'd have you put your
hand into a bowl?
Like spaghetti and grapes.
Yeah, imagine what it would be like to put your hand into just 200 shards of brittle
nail.
No, thank you.
I almost just threw up saying that.
Okay, so now that I've got that done, I'm going to clean up.
Another slam into this door.
Do I physically feel any different other than not having nails?
God, it's an emptiness?
It's for sure emptiness, but it feels infinite in its helpfulness.
Okay, am I still bleeding out of my bullet wounds?
Yes, very much so.
Okay.
I'm going to peer through the window on this blast door and see what's making the commotion.
As you're peering through this circular...
What are those called?
Circle window.
Like a porthole?
And a sub-mer...
Yes, thank you.
So you're looking through this essentially porthole on this blast door.
The lights in this cavernous room shine down at just the perfect angle to illuminate a
small circle of the floor of whatever room is behind this blast door, which is otherwise
drenched in perfect darkness.
And in this well-lit ring, you can see the grayish, withering, nail-free feet of a human.
Immediately this creature rushes the door once more, and it smushes its face against
the glass.
Staring at you with wild eyes is the skeletal, pallid face of a teenage girl.
Her skin is thin and decaying.
Small tears have opened up sores on her cheekbones, nose, and chin, where bone is peeking out
under infected lesions.
Her scalp looks the same, where it isn't covered by patches of this thin, brittle hair.
But still, enough of her is there to recognize Tildi B. Mitchell.
No fucking way.
And when she makes eye contact with you, she shrieks.
I gotta get her out of there.
Gonna help her.
I'm terrified.
Roll Sanity.
39 on, I'm sure I have less than that.
7.
I wouldn't roll a d4.
3.
You stumble backwards, and you fall to the ground, and a panel in the concrete right
next to you begins to kind of pshhh.
And this square in the concrete kind of opens up.
It's weird, you get the innate feeling that your watch was close enough to the ground
in this exact spot.
And as this panel lifts up out of the ground, it seems like you can remove a square of the
concrete in the ground a foot down.
There is a revolver, an old timey revolver, with weird, odd metal all over it, and these
glass tubes, and it's got a green light that's lit.
I wanna reach in and grab it.
Is there anything else in that hole?
No there is not.
Okay, I'm gonna put it down on the ground very carefully, as to not break any tubes.
And I want to, in this whole room, I'm gonna just walk around with my watch, like an inch
from the ground, to see if anything else opens up.
Ooh, okay, fun!
Yeah.
Go ahead and roll.
Roll on natural.
What do I have in there?
50.
Now he's showing me, he's showing me what he rolled on the camera.
He rolled a 50 on a 50.
Hell yeah.
You motherfucker.
Okay, absolutely.
Abso-fucking-lutely.
When you go, and you're like, basically, you're that dude on the beach.
Gotta find some quarters.
Just trying to find some quarters, baby, and hopefully they're from the right year.
You know?
Yeah.
2019.
Oh, those 2019 quarters are super rare.
Yep.
The newest, the newer the coin, the better they are.
2020 would be a real find.
I don't think they exist.
Well, that's why it would be so rare.
And another concrete square, about a foot by a foot, opens up out of the ground and
looking down into this spot, you see a single metal sphere, about one inch in diameter.
Ooh, I don't know if I want to touch it or not.
Um, hmm.
I want to check and make sure I still have my photo on me.
When you look at the photograph that you have in your pocket, it is still your face as Silas
Cole.
Okay.
What were the words on that piece of paper that was her face wrapped?
Roll intelligence.
I think one, a couple episodes ago, I remembered it, but I'll roll again.
Yeah, if you don't remember, then you have to roll.
Forty-four on a fifty.
Hell yeah.
You're just a, just to make sure, you know?
I trust you.
I like doing it though.
Yeah, it's fun.
It is fun.
Show me what you got.
I look at the photo and I'm like, hmm, oh yeah, those words, I remember exactly what
they are there.
Because you wrote them, you pulled out a Sharpie and you wrote them on the back of the picture.
I wrote it on the back of the picture.
And then I also wrote, this is Keith Bean's picture, don't steal it.
It says, ianaha fersat sayiya.
When I think of those words, how do I feel?
Any different?
Nope.
Keith thinks up for a second, he's like, well, we've already chanted something weird today,
so ianaha fersat sayiya, ianaha fersat sayiya, ianaha fersat sayiya.
Roll just a check against fifty.
Ooh, sixty-four on a fifty, so I fail.
So that means I get to choose what it does.
This spell had basically a mechanic where I didn't know that you were going to go bat
shit crazy and fuck up Mildred Mitchell.
And I made this spell where all four of us had a twenty-five percent chance of being
the one who got to come up with what the spell does.
But since it's only me and you here, I just have you roll basically a fifty-fifty shot
to decide who gets to choose what the spell does.
And I get to choose.
It can only be three words.
What the spell does can only be three words.
Yeah.
Makes brain smart.
Oh boy, okay.
Don't say penis falls off, oops.
I prayed for that one before I lost my fingernails.
You did indeed.
There's lots of combinations of three words you could make.
Okay.
I'm nervous.
As you begin to chant, you feel your bones once again begin to vibrate, but Keith Beans
is more than bone.
Keith Beans is partially made of metal, and all of that metal begins to heat up.
You can feel it inside you throbbing with pain right before your skin begins splitting
open.
It starts at your index finger and your body slowly begins to unzip the rip peeling apart
and the seam shooting up your forearm past your elbow, continuing toward your shoulder
as the metal inside this arm begins falling out and clanking on the concrete floor below.
The opening of your body does not cease, however, and your skin continues to burst open, unzipping
itself up your neck, and it finally halts its progress at the tear duct of the eye.
The glass scientists had to surgically set back into its socket.
The pain is searing and unbearable.
Your metal septum shifts to one side and slides out of your nostril.
An endless stream of cocaine pours onto the ground, forming an anthill mound of white
powder on the uneven concrete.
Half of your upper body is an empty, slashed-open skin seam, and with that, the real pain begins.
Bones begin cracking and forming.
The bone and muscle starts growing.
Your nerve endings are lighting up like the finale of a fireworks show, this torrid pain
taking away your breath, your body is covered in sweat, and you feel like this horror will
never end, but finally, your skin begins zipping itself back up, and when it's finished, you
can't even find the seam.
The only evidence of what you just lived through is the pile of cocaine and metal skeletal
structures strewn about on the ground below you.
Does it still hurt?
It hurts like a motherfucker.
Well, I don't think Keith could have pulled off the one-armed Voldemort look, so I'm glad
it came back at least.
Keith is freaking the fuck out.
How long does this process take?
It takes, what, ten minutes?
So what are you doing while this is happening?
Are you just standing there letting it happen?
Are you walking around?
Are you falling over?
I'm like just staring at my arm and like, yeah, just like in shock, staring at my arm
and like feeling my nose and trying to keep it together.
And the spell has completed its intended purpose, as you are made whole again.
And I need you to roll sanity.
Yeah, I'm gonna fail that unless it's a miracle.
Okay, I have a 4% chance of this being a good roll.
Oh, I bet you can do it.
Nah.
87.
Okay.
Oh, 57.
Still a fail.
Uh, go ahead and, uh, what do you think?
Roll a d4 for me.
Okay, I hope that- Your body just fell out of itself and then
reformed with human bone- Hope that I don't roll a 4 on this bad boy.
You won't.
There's no way.
Fucking shit.
No shit.
He's showing me the- He rolled a 4?
Oh, Keith Beans.
I don't feel very good.
As you hit zero sanity, according to the rules of the game that we definitely always follow
to a T- To the T.
The handler gets to take over control.
Spill the T, baby.
Don't mind if I do.
Keith Beans, in his newly formed body, walks over to the workstation across this cavernous
laboratory.
She stuffs as many of the blueprints and notes as he possibly can into the big ol' cargo
short pockets, along with his stash of nail shards, before he sets his eyes on the gun
he so carefully placed on the ground to avoid cracking those glass tubes.
Those glass tubes which he can now see are full of this undulating pitch black ooze.
And Keith picks up this odd looking revolver, eagerly considering the lit green light on
the side, which is next to this cylinder, which he slides open, revealing a single oversized
bullet that fills the entire chamber.
This bullet looks old and dusty, and Keith smiles as he resets the cylinder and pulls
back the hammer.
With a squeeze of the trigger comes a blinding flash of light, and Keith Beans finds himself
standing on a dirty, sandy trail.
The smell of piss and shit wafts through the humid summer air, and looking down the
road, Keith sees a man just a bit ahead of him walking into town.
The camera pans down just in time as Keith Beans strips his shorts off.
We steadily move forward over the shit and mud covered shorts and the dusty footpath
and words appear at the bottom of the screen in an old western font that reads,
Contention 1880 something.
As the camera pans back up there in the distance we see a fully naked Keith Beans sprinting
toward his target.
He hollers out, Hey, Silas Cole, and the man turns around just in time for a sucker punch.
As soon as Cole hits the ground, Keith grabs his chin in the back of his neck and extinguishes
this man's life with a single twist.
Keith is standing over this man's body now, which is face down in the dry, cracked dirt.
Face down in the dirt.
And this dead body says it doesn't hurt.
One day, one job, bad bad, and enough.
Yep, guys, if you haven't checked out Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, I'm telling you, top tier,
top tier shit.
Back to the body on the ground, Keith's hands are trembling as he rolls Silas over a dead
man in his mid-20s, stiff as a glass of moonshine, dressed in the fashion of the day, and a tri-folded
piece of parchment falls out of this deceased man's jacket pocket.
It's a job advertisement for the Contention Mining Company, and it reads,
We is hiring able bodies, readying untapped sight.
Plenty of work.
Hesitate not.
Whew!
What the hell's gonna happen?
Fuck yeah.
I'm fucking insane, and in the past, I'm gonna fuck some shit up.
It's my town now.
How am I the only one trying to pull over?
How can you have enough drowning out all the noise?
There's nobody home.
Nobody home.
Fight, fight, streamy night.
