Hello to all my friends, my enemies, people in extra dimensional beards who feel neutral
about my existence, yall know everyone feels nothing but intense love for wolf the dog
which is my name, PTBP which is my radio station, and 694.2 which is my favorite grouping of
numbers to broadcast on, I'm here to love you as you have loved me and bring you some
tasty, tasty information.
But first, this week's Howlin' with Wolf comes from Mia who tagged that pretending
pod on one of them there tweets, thanks for sharing the show with your friends Mia, she
writes
Greetings, the ladies sewing and seance circle would like to remind everyone that our annual
bake sale and dumpster dive are still on for next Friday, the time and location will
be on your bathroom Mia when you get out of the shower tomorrow, thanks for passing that
on Mr. the dog, thanks Mia.
It's good to know the LSSC is still running real strong and generally somehow managing
to both creep everyone out and bore them to death simultaneously, but the trick is on
y'all I don't have a mirror or a bathroom unless you count the streets of the city that
is.
Remember, if you want to write up something for your wolf to howl, tag at pretending pod
on Instagram or Twitter, tag pretended to be people on Facebook, or write a 5 star review
on iTunes and email us at pretendingpod at gmail dot com.
If more of your friends listen to the show, you'll have even more stuff to talk about
that completely alienates y'all from the normals and here at 694.2, well we think that's
just swell.
Also the contest happening over on the subreddit ends at 11.59pm central time on September
23rd, if you are listening to this on September 23rd that means it's all over tonight baby,
get cracka lacking my pups.
All entries have a shot at winning a D&D 5 edition starter set and the winner will receive
a hardback slip case set of Delta Green the Role Playing Game.
The winners will be announced next week on episode 46.
Speaking of pretending to be people, it's time for the news.
Last time, a whole lot of plot developed just in time for the main event.
Get ready y'all, for real, cause this shit, this shit is popping off like beef stroking
off.
Going strong like Dijon, other food references.
Are you ready?
Because taking us now to the scrap pit is kudzu baby with no back bone.
Y'all ready for this?
Clark Bishop, Keith Vigna, and Oz Mayhem Wolf walk up the stairs and into the lights and
sounds of the arena.
This colossal room is circular and funnels downward at least 10 stories.
There are thousands of seats surrounding a massive covered cage.
Think the Octagon from UFC but it's 50 yards across and has a bubble looking rounded top
on it that is entirely made of a crystal clear material.
Aggressively loud dubstep is blaring, strobe lights are making the entire experience otherworldly
as green and red and blue lasers swing wildly around the room.
This place feels like futuristic Las Vegas filled with the spirit of all of Vin Diesel's
films if they were tarred and feathered, but the tar is replaced by Red Bull and the feathers
are replaced by cocaine.
There's an enormous logo in the center of the arena floor that says in all caps, the
scrap pit.
And all around the scrap pit in a massive circle are the repeated words, planet juggernaut,
hanging above the bubble is a gigantic circular jumbotron showing a countdown timer blinking
away and flashing the words, Oz Mayhem Wolf and Friends vs Planet Juggernaut.
The music lowers just a bit and a voice says, welcome one and all to a night you will never
forget a fight that'll make you lose your shit alright because nothing is ever left
in the scrap pit.
I am your host and emcee for the evening, Nick Nichols, and as always, I am joined by
my brother.
Hey everybody, it's me, Nick Nichols, here with my brother, Nick Nichols.
I'm Nick Nichols, joined by my brother, Nick.
Welcome to the scrap pit, we've got a hell of a show for you this evening.
What do you think, Nick?
It is an honor and a pleasure to see such bloodsport on a beautiful sunny day in the
city.
A vast circle in the floor in the arena opens up and from below, planet juggernaut slowly
raises into the scrap pit.
Thomas raises his hands in the air.
The amphitheater explodes with noise, cheers, boos, fucked up people just screaming their
lungs out and this thing is a shiny metal sphere 20 feet tall with two metallic arms
extending from either side and Thomas just slammed his fist together which is what he
described doing when he went into the machine but here's the catch, Thomas, you've never
been a planet juggernaut before and I want to give Justin a reason to roll some dice.
So, Justin is going to roll a D100 and in order for you to control your body that you're
now in, you have to roll under whatever he rolls.
Now you don't have to do this every round, you just have to do this until you succeed
and then you're fully in control but it might take a couple rounds for you to get used to
this new body or you might be a notch.
You might be a notch-ral.
You might, you might be a prodigy.
Alright, roll me bitch.
Justin, go ahead and roll, let's see what Thomas has to roll underneath to slam his
arms together.
That's a 50.
We got a straight up 50-50 shot here.
64.
In Planet Juggernaut, his arms are like outstretched in a very awkward way and one of them goes
to swing at the other one to pound its fist into the hand and misses completely, therefore
hugging itself.
Clark Bishop, regardless of whether or not you think this robot should be hugging itself
or slamming its fist together, you are in a Colosseum dome fighting pit against a 20-foot
tall robot.
I need you to roll a sanity.
Keith Vigna, you are already gonzo beans.
I am gonzo beans, baby.
I fail and above my power.
Alright, that is really handy.
I need you to roll a d6.
A 1.
You lose one sanity.
I hit my breaking point.
You hit your breaking point.
So fun thing for a breaking point, this late in the game we're going to give you another
mania from the sample mania's table in the Call of Cthulhu 7th edition rulebook.
So I'm going to have you roll three times and we will choose which mania you will take.
A 93, a 19, and an 8.
Alright, 93 is Thanatomania, which is a belief that one is cursed by death magic.
That belief does not seem irrational.
19 is Bibliomania, the obsession with books and or reading.
Also extremely fitting, but perhaps not in this current state.
And number 8 is spelled A-I-L-U-R-O mania, so I'm going to go with aileromania, which
is the abnormal fondness for cats.
Gosh, I wish I would have got that one earlier.
Old Doug Jacobs would have had a field day.
I'm going to go with the cursed death magic.
I just pictured you and Doug Jacobs doing a three-legged race, or doing one of the hop
like when you wear a potato sack.
What's that called?
A three-legged race.
That's a potato sack race.
Yeah, three-legged race is where you tie your middle two legs together.
They were really on the nose with those names when they came up with those, so you chose
which one?
That he thinks he's cursed by death magic.
Yeah, of course.
That absolutely makes sense.
So you are now, believe yourself to A, be god, A god, B, be cursed by death magic, which
has got to be a rough thing for a god to feel, and 3, you rolled over your power.
And my guess is you are a lot closer to Keith Vigna and Oz Mayhem Wolf than you are to Planet
Juggernaut.
As the round begins, round one, it is your turn.
This fight's going to end without Thomas rolling a die.
I just murder all the people around me.
Yeah, because of the sanity thing, I'm going to have to dive at whichever one's closest.
Let's roll a 50-50 shot here.
I'll roll a D100 and I'll be under 50.
Perfect.
84, so I'm going after Oz.
So Clark is dressed from the room.
He picked up a bomb squad suit, the suits that are really heavily padded with a helmet
and everything.
He's wearing that.
But he also picked up these pneumatic gloves.
So think Batman, I think, in one of the Dark Knights had them.
Absolutely.
He's going against his forearm strength and finger grip strength, and he's just going
to lunge straight at Oz, and he's going to try and maybe rip his head off.
Okay, Oz is going to roll Awareness to see if he's ready for this attack, and he's not.
So he's not going to roll against you.
You just get to roll an attack on Oz Mayhem Wolf.
So go ahead and roll, what would you call that, unarmed combat?
That was the plan when I decided on one of those gloves, yeah.
I'm guessing you have a higher unarmed combat than you do have a melee, is that correct?
Correct to my name.
Alright, well.
Let's see what that roll is.
That's a zero zero three.
Holy shit, that's a success?
Yeah, so theoretically if I'm lunging at him, I'm trying to maybe snap his neck.
Theoretically trying to snap his neck.
Which is a real bummer for Joe, but Clark is going to love it.
Okay.
What do you think, D8?
Do you know what a normal unarmed combat roll damage is?
Probably like a D6 or a D4.
Then like a D8 or a D12 would be what I'm thinking.
Rules knowledge is why people listen to Pretending to be People.
I'm rolling a D8.
I just think it's funny that you're like, a punch, I don't know, probably.
The most baseline thing.
Standard unarmed, you could say.
I rolled a five.
Alright, Oz Mayhem Wolf.
He's wearing some padding, so he's not going to take all of that damage, but you come up
and do you want to describe what you try to do to him here?
Because you're not snapping his neck, but you are going to put him in a compromising
position.
Physically.
I'll get him in a headlock, and because Clark hasn't snapped many necks in his life, he's
trying to turn in a certain way, and maybe I'm just giving him real bad neck strain.
Real bad Charlie Wars.
Real bad Charlie Wars.
There's a skin burn all around his neck there, and with that, it's Planet Juggernaut's turn.
Thomas?
First, I want to look around at the crowd.
Is Marvin Glass, or is the Emperor in his box anywhere?
Interesting.
You actually see a box that looks like it would be the suite where Marvin Glass would
be, and it is currently curtained off.
Okay.
A tiny helicopter blade pops out of the top of Planet Juggernaut's head, and it rises
about three feet off the ground, and it's kind of like...
Let's see if we can actually get that going.
Justin, go ahead and roll a D100.
That's just him turning on.
That's not what I want to do.
It'll still play.
He rolled a 36, Thomas, so you're going to need to roll under a 36.
Yeah, no, this is a great mechanic.
64.
When I'm 36 and your blade, helicopter chopper blade comes up, and it starts going, but it's
going very conkily and slowly.
Wait, I thought I had to roll over 36.
I'm sorry.
I would have rolled differently.
I had the wrong intent in these dice.
But that's not the completion of your turn, so go ahead and...
I'm just saying, I could have Reiki'd these dudes into...
All right.
Do you have warm hands right now?
I do.
Then roll heat, baby.
Before Justin rolls, tell me what you're trying to finish with this turn here.
You're not going to lift off the ground.
I just wanted to activate.
Gotcha.
Then you failed miserably, and it is Keith's turn.
Okay.
No, no, no.
Tell me...
He said it popped out, and it's just flying janky, so you can mess with that idea.
All right.
I want to shoot him with my laser eyes.
Oh, fuck.
Who are you aiming at?
I'm aiming at you, Luke.
Okay.
I figured.
Right at Keith, Vigna.
Go ahead and roll Justin first.
Let's see if this'll...
19.
Can he roll under a 19, Thomas?
Five.
Hell yeah, dude.
Baby.
All right.
So you've got laser eyes.
What's that look like on your big, metal, shiny, boar body?
Well, it looks like that villain from Sonic.
What is that dude's name?
Dr. Eggman.
Dr. Eggman.
So imagine like that.
Dr. Robotnik, if you're nasty.
Oh, Robotnik.
Yeah.
Just imagine those eyes just like glowing and then shooting lasers out of them at Keith,
Vigna.
Absolutely.
40% that we talked about.
40%.
40%.
Keith, are you going to try to react with a offensive action or are you going to try
to dodge in some way?
Yeah, I'm going to try to jump out of the way.
I have, in addition to the same bomb squad gear that Clark has on, I have these...
I wrote down gump leg braces, but they're super jump slash super run braces on my legs.
All right.
So I'm going to try to just jump out of the way.
So what is your dodge skill?
Base is 30.
So we'll give you a plus 40 for your cool jumping stuff.
I got a three.
You rolled a three, Thomas.
You're going to roll against...
I just have to roll over that?
Over it and under 40.
Yeah.
84.
Oof.
So...
So I jump out of the way.
As lasers shoot out of the eyes of Planet Jugger and I...
What kind of surface is on the, like, what's on the ground here?
I think like a sterile, shiny metal surface.
Okay.
So it, like, scorches.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it makes, like, cool little metalworking.
Star Wars sparks.
It's got little...
It's got the Planet Juggernaut logo.
Like...
Ooh.
Yeah.
That's why...
That's why it never hits, because it's really more for effect.
It's much cool.
Can you describe...
Much cool.
Much cool.
Can you describe, I guess, Planet Juggernaut himself, but especially when you say it shoots
out of its eyes.
Where did we see those lasers come from?
The head part, you would be like, oh, that's...
That's the head.
Like, toward the top?
Towards the top.
Yeah.
If it's a big circle, it's where the eyes might be.
Yeah.
Which from...
If it's a big circle, it could be in the middle.
Not like a smiley face.
More like a Pac-Man.
Got it.
But with now a giant mouth.
Just tiny laser eyes.
Nice.
Yeah.
Oh, actually, I want a giant Pac-Man mouth.
That can open up later, baby.
Keith Vigna, it is your turn after dodging out of the way with your cool jumping boots.
I am flying through the air.
So mid-air, I want to pull out...
I've got a saw launcher that has diamond-bladed saws that shoot out of it, and I want to aim
that over at Planet Juggernaut, and I want to just mid-mass shoot a saw at him.
Like a buzzsaw?
Like a circular saw?
Like a circular saw, yeah.
Okay, gotcha.
So go ahead and roll firearms for me.
Planet Juggernaut.
That's a 42 on a 70.
You can try to make a dodge maneuver here, but you'll have to critically succeed in order
to dodge.
Okay.
No.
Keith, describe what this looks like as you're flying through the air.
You pull out a saw shooting through.
I see the lasers start to form in his eyes, and I can see that they're aimed mostly at
me.
So I jump out of the way, and I'm about 10 feet up in the air, going over to the side
away from Oz and Clark, and I pull out, kind of looks like a giant crossbow, and it has
a giant circular saw on it, and you can tell that the edges are shiny.
And I aim it, shoot it, and it flies circular, just shooting right at Planet Juggernaut,
and it whacks.
All right.
Call that 1d8 plus 3.
Put that down.
That's 8 plus 3.
Oh, smacks.
So this blade fully embeds itself into one of the eyes, or where the laser came out of
Planet Juggernaut.
He said midsection.
The midsection of a face is where the eyes are.
The nose is the face's belly button.
Take away my laser eyes.
No, no, no.
It doesn't take him away.
It is going to take down the damage a little bit, and it embeds itself fully in there as
you take 11 damage.
Nice.
It is Oz Mayhem Wolf's turn, and he is confused.
He is going to run, and as he runs, he's going to try to jump at Planet Juggernaut.
So he is going to roll.
If you want to dodge, you can oppose this roll with a dodge roll, Thomas.
I crit failed.
So basically, he has these boots on that, as he's running toward you, as he's about
to take off, he clicks a button and a little thing in his hand, much like one would click
the ignition of a bomb or something like that.
And as soon as he does so, he gets prepared and ready to jump.
He barely makes it out one inch off the ground.
He comes out of his shoes, and his boots are stuck to the ground underneath him, and he
falls on his face in front of him, halfway in between the group and Planet Juggernaut.
And the crowd goes wild.
And the crowd goes wild after that crazy first round, Mick.
What did we see out there?
We saw Planet Juggernaut really struggling.
Yeah, you know, Mick.
Wait.
I'm Mick, you're Mick, we're all Mick for Nichols.
You know, Planet Juggernaut had a 97% murder rate in the first 45 seconds before this match.
Has he lost it, folks?
I don't know.
Well, we're only six seconds in, so we will find out shortly, but we have an interesting
thing happen with seemingly one of Oz Mayhem Wolf's friends turning on him in the very
first moments of the fight.
Let's see if that interbreeding continues throughout this contest.
Who knows?
You know what's crazy is we thought Planet Juggernaut lacked humanity, but I'm just not
seeing it from these three out here today.
And with that, let's go ahead and look at the board as we take a quick second to go
to our kiss cam here in the scrap pit.
Looking up, you see on the jumbotron, they're showing just these two dudes in the audience
who are both cheering and one looks a lot like Luke and the other one looks a lot like
Joe.
And the camera zooms in on you guys.
They look at each other tentatively.
Oh, that's a long one.
Looks like there's a lot of passion in that bedroom.
All right.
Let's get back to the action and see what happens in round two.
Clark Bishop, you begin the action in round two.
So I'm feeling better now after I got that aggression out of me and I want to yell to
Oz.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know we were on the same side.
I get it now.
I got it.
We're good.
We're good.
It was like extremely rude of you to come at me like that.
I didn't appreciate it one bit.
It's my fault.
Didn't understand.
I got it now.
All right.
And I pull out my rocket launcher that I have strapped to my back and I'm not aiming at
the body.
I'm aiming at one of the arms.
Ooh, interesting.
So that'll be a called shot and I need you to roll a firearms check for me.
What does the cold shot do to me?
Negative 40.
That's negative 40 for a head shot, but it says negative 20.
I don't have a head, so I think it should be negative 40.
That makes sense.
Up to you as far as, is that equivalent?
Let's call it negative 40.
Cool.
Thomas, what do you, what is planet juggernaut doing to oppose this before we hear that role?
Planet juggernaut puts like one of his arms up in front of his like laser eyes and like
tries to swat at the missile no matter what like happens.
Love it.
We'll see.
All right, let's hear that role.
It's a fail because of the minus 40.
It's a 74.
So he, he just like nimbly just like flicks it and it goes like tumbling into part of
the crowd.
It goes tumbling up into part of the dome that's up there and when it hits the dome,
it actually, the entire like floor that you're on and the dome itself rattles and it like
sends reverberations all the way through and you hear just this massive roar from the crowd
as they get fucking amped.
It's like seeing a wreck, but nobody got hurt yet because it's going to happen later.
Probably the hurt, the hurt will happen later.
I would imagine.
And with that it is a planet juggernaut's turn.
Okay.
He, he putters out with his little helicopter directly over Oz mayhem wolf and then turns
off the helicopter.
All right, so I, you don't have to do anything in order to succeed at that and I will simply
roll a dodge out here in front of you.
He's going to turn on a defensive mask on his helmet that basically clogs your sensors
that show you where people are on the field of battle.
And so if he can roll under a 40% actually because you did it, I'll give him a 20% so
he's only got a 20% chance to dodge and he fails with a 60.
A red goo just comes out from, so that will, that will happen.
We will not see the effects of that yet.
Um, because Oz mayhem wolf is out of sight, but not out of my mind.
I feel something.
It's like a leg or something caught in some of my gears feels weird.
For my second attack action, I want to punch Joe going to punch the old Clark Bishop who
just shot a rocket launcher in your direction.
Clark you've already attacked, so you can roll a dodge if you would like to oppose.
I would like to.
If you have any sort of a thing on you that can help you mechanically, holler that out
now.
Well, I did write down that I've got the same kind of pneumatic legs as Keith and give yourself
a plus 40 on that Dodge, which takes your Dodge up to 90.
Holy shit.
Thomas playing at juggernaut is rolling a 60%.
I believe.
Is that right?
Uh, yeah.
All right.
So is this, what is this contested on?
The punching is just your standard fighting skill for punching.
Right.
So I passed that, but how am I ever going to pass a 90%?
It's a contest.
So you just did cause I rolled a nine.
I passed, but I was lower than him.
Oh, I see how that works.
Okay.
How will he ever beat that?
I get it.
So describe your action as a Clark Bishop tries to jump out of the way.
So this all kind of happens in one move.
Like he's puttering over towards Oz and he like flicks the rocket as he's coming down
onto him.
And then he kind of like Springs up back towards Clark.
You see the little helicopter blade where again, he's just had his hand up from where
he flipped the thing and he just brings it straight down at Clark.
Oh, okay.
Roll 66 for damage.
Oh no, wait, does my body armor help me?
Yeah.
Okay.
You'll get five DR damage resistance.
Still fucked.
16 to Malort for math, quick math, 10, 16, 18, 21, 23.
What is your, so 23 minus five, 18, 18.
And what is, what was your health at before?
Uh, 26.
So I'm now at eight.
Do you want to spend luck to reduce some of that damage?
Yeah.
You've gotten a lot of luck.
Don't you?
Yeah.
It's 10 whole points to reduce it by one D six, which isn't that big a deal if you're
rolling 12 of them at a time.
Six of them.
Six, six D six, not 12, but that's literally one sixth.
I'll use 10 luck to mitigate it by a D six.
All right.
Roll that D six.
I got three back.
All right.
So I'm at 11 and I'm at 50 luck.
Jesus.
Motherfucker sitting at like 60 luck and it's like, I'm going to spend 10 Keith Vigna.
It is your turn.
Okay.
I'm going to jump up kind of closer to planet juggernaut and I want to use my suction gloves
that I have on to suction on to the wall, maybe like 10 feet above him.
And then I want to pull out my nitro thrower and aim it at him and try to freeze his propeller.
Fucking dope.
Very good.
Okay.
Uh, so you can roll a firearms check in order to try to attain that goal.
Thomas, do you want to combat it in a Dodge movement?
Yes.
Fair.
I got a 65 on a 70.
Oh shit.
All right.
So describe what happens is you basically, so I go from where I landed after shooting
that saw, I jump up over about 10 feet above juggernaut and about five or 10 feet away
from him as well.
I use one hand with a suction glove to suction on to the dome.
I pull out the nitro thrower and I just let it unload all over the top of planet juggernaut.
Yeah.
And as you shower planet juggernaut with your nitro, you render his ability to hover
useless.
Yeah.
Nice.
You see another little propeller pop up, but it takes a second to whir around.
You guys look over, uh, you saw planet juggernaut bounce essentially off of Oz mayhem Wolf and
looking in the dent planet juggernaut left in the floor, you see crawling out from the
dent is Oz mayhem Wolf and he looks fucking rough and he crawls and he sits cross-legged
and tries to put his boots back on.
And that's the end of round two.
Nick Nichols, we have seen some stuff today.
First we have Clark Bishop shooting a rocket launcher that gets flicked right out of the
way.
What'd you think about that one, Nick?
You know, that scrappy fellow really is impressing me today with his inability to do much of
anything useful at all for his team.
Planet juggernaut smashed that scrappy fellow like a plastic bag filled with warm ground
up pork.
I don't know about you, but I am positively starving.
I am absolutely hungry now.
Thank you for that delicious analogy.
And then planet juggernaut just sits right on top of Oz mayhem Wolf before bouncing off
to slap Clark Bishop right on top of the head.
I have never seen a man completely disappear under planet juggernaut like that before and
emerge alive.
It truly was a sight to see.
Oz mayhem Wolf is a regular here in the scrap pan and has been ever since his brother got
fucked over by Marvin Glass.
And then with that one, we saw Keith Vigna, former police officer from contention and
a cadet from the city do some very cool movements.
What did you think about the stuff that he did?
I've heard nothing but horrible things about Keith Vigna.
Quite frankly, I am super impressed with his performance today.
It has been one dope thing after another from that weird looking dude.
Down in the field, we have our correspondent.
What's our correspondent's name tonight, Nick Nichols?
Who's down there?
Who do we got?
What kind of correspondent is he?
Oh, he's doing the trivia contest today.
Jeremiah Jones, I think.
Jeremiah Jones is down there and he's got three contestants from the audience and he
is ready to interview them now and ask some questions.
Let's take it down to Jeremiah.
Hi, hey everybody, it's Jeremiah Jones and I'm here with three people who are here to
watch the Scrap Pit fight and we're going to try to win some prizes today.
If you want to introduce yourselves, what is your name, sir?
Woo!
I'm David from Akron.
We drove 350 miles to be here tonight in the Scrap Pit.
I'm rooting for Planet Juggernaut.
Woo!
Okay, David, thanks for being here and who's next to you here?
I'm little Davey.
I'm David's son.
Speak up, little Davey.
He made me drive the whole way here because he was drinking.
Woo!
Woo!
And you, sir, there on the end.
Hello there.
I'm a fan of Oz.
I came to see everybody he's in.
I love him so.
Okay, so we've got some pretty cool prizes for you guys.
If you could answer these questions, then you might win a t-shirt.
It's got Planet Juggernaut on it.
Would you like that tonight, guys?
Woo!
Yeah, I'll give it to my dad if I win.
If I win, I'll give it to his dad as well.
I don't see any way I can lose tonight.
Okay, David.
Everything's coming up, Dave.
Dave, it seems like you've got a really good chance of winning a t-shirt here.
First question, on which day of the week are Americans most likely to get blackout drunk?
Any day that ends in Y, brother.
But seriously, Friday?
Yeah, yep.
It's Friday.
It is Friday and you win a t-shirt with Planet Juggernaut on it.
David, close your ears.
I honestly don't remember more Fridays than I do, if you know what I mean.
I personally don't know what you mean.
I remember everything.
I slap him really hard on the back.
Woo!
I remember my childbirth.
David Jr., it's your turn.
We've got a trivia question.
It's little Davey.
Oh, little Davey.
I've got a question for you here.
What color is a bird?
Um, uh, blue.
That's right.
That's right.
You get a t-shirt.
There are blue birds.
Hey, yeah.
Way to go, little dude.
Little Davey gives it to his dad and then kind of cowers away.
Dave wipes a tear from his eye.
A single tear.
I love you, dad.
I love you, little Davey.
That's right, Ning Nickels.
We had to make some of the questions a bit easier because people were not sober enough
to answer proper trivia questions.
Let's go back down to that third question.
What do you think about all that, Nick?
I just want to hear Jeremiah Johnson say more things.
Jeremiah Johnson here, and I'm reporting to ask this question of this man who is here
to support his friend from the Motherland.
May Oz Wolf.
Hey, Mayhem.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
What's your name?
It's, uh, Farsi.
Yeah, Farsi, thanks for coming down.
I don't, I don't know Oz.
I just, I just identify with him.
So the fan of Oz, Mayhem, Wolf, and, um, the, the question that we have tonight is, are
you having a good time?
I, I, I was, and then, uh, the juggernaut, he landed on Oz, and I'm, uh, so worried.
That's right.
That's right.
You are worried.
I can tell from my senses of your body.
You won a t-shirt.
All right, thank you, Jeremiah Johnson.
Nick Nickels, what did we think about all this trivia we're having around here today?
You know, you love seeing a father and a son bond so much, and you love seeing a superfan.
You see them like on camera, like Dave and little Davey.
Little Davey is on his Dave's shoulders.
When I'm like, I'm like, give him a woo, little Davey, give him a woo.
Wow.
True parental greatness.
You see me like giving him my beer, like up on my shoulders.
It's really heartwarming to see a father who knows how to take care of a young boy in this
country.
All right.
The action here in round three of the Scrap It.
And starting off round three, we've got Clark Bishop.
Clark Bishop starts round three.
So I'm kind of under the hand of the thing now.
I want to try and wriggle out and use a magnetic trap that I brought with me.
I figure I'll set it under where I am right now, hopefully trapping his arm there.
Awesome.
I was hoping I could use a survival skill for that as far as setting traps go.
Sweet.
Thomas, does Planet of Juggernaut want to try to dodge out of the way here as this is
happening?
Well, I didn't imagine that after I punched you, I just left my hand there, but.
Close enough for horseshoes, hand grenades, and magnets.
Fucking God.
I would.
I crit fail.
You could also say, fuck me, in Clark's, uh, as Clark's character.
It's that goddamn death magic curse at me again.
Me damn it.
Clark Bishop, as you go to set this, what do you have on you?
Let's go ahead and say that as you set this trap and start to scuttle backwards, the trap
sets earlier than you thought it was going to and your rocket launcher flies out of your
hands and sticks to the ground ahead of you, out of your grasp.
That makes sense.
Planet Juggernaut, Europe.
Planet Juggernaut seems eerily still.
Oh no.
Oh no.
Hell yeah.
You see, you see like a faint light coming out of like some seams in him and some vents
are opening up and like letting some steam out.
Uh, and you hear, you hear this like worrying.
It's just kind of charging up Keith Vigner, I'm going to unsuction from the dome and kick
off the dome to get, try to get to the far end, as far away as I can from a planet juggernaut.
And I want to set up a mounted 50 cal machine gun with armor piercing bullets and let go.
So first things first, I need you to roll a dexterity because when you put your feet
on the dome, your feet feel an adhesive and you are stuck to the dome.
Yeah, I failed my dexterity roll.
And you cannot release from this position.
You are now hanging by your feet on the side of the dome.
Can I still use an attack or is that?
You will be at a negative 40 percent.
Okay.
I'll launch another saw at him.
Go ahead and roll that firearms check for me.
Is it at a negative 40?
It is indeed.
So what's that make your firearms?
30, but I rolled a 13.
Oh, planet juggernaut is currently unable to dodge.
So you will roll a success there.
What did I have you write down there for damage?
G8 plus three.
Roll that D8 for me, Lukey boy.
That is a four total.
Four total?
Yeah, one plus three.
Well, that explains it.
You are hanging upside down, shooting backwards at your target like a sloth with a gun.
It kind of like arcs through the air and then kind of like skids off him flying.
The armor piercing round does not quite pierce the armor.
Well, no, this was the saw blade.
Whatever dude.
So it leaves a big catch.
Yeah, it chops off a little bit of him, but not much.
Shing!
Shoo!
Foo!
And with that, it is Oz Mayhem Wolf's turn and he is getting his shoes back on and as
he gets his boots back on, he stands up, clicks a button in his left hand and begins running
toward Planet Juggernaut once again, hopefully this time in a successful manner.
However, as he runs, a panel on the ground lifts up and flings him.
So let's see if he can avoid this.
He fails his roll.
So he gets flung out of the air.
He's just running and you see a panel on the floor just launch him and he flies into the
dome and gets stuck like a spider in a web.
No, spiders don't get stuck on webs.
Like a fly in a web.
Like not a spider on a web.
Like a man in his house.
Wait.
Stuck to one position where he can only look out into the audience and as he's looking
out into the audience, he sees moving past a crowd of allured, yelling, drunk assholes.
He sees a very short young woman and a very tall old man, both wearing black suits, white
shirts, black ties, black sunglasses, and ill-fitting windbreakers moving through this
crowd of nonsensical monsters.
You hear a faint, woo, somewhere in the crowd.
Many, many, many faint woos as the crowd is going nuts because shit is getting crazy.
And that is our third round here in the scrap pit.
Boy howdy.
Right around we have Clark Bishop, ex-contention police officer, current monster and god thinker
of himself.
He just cannot get anything off today.
His rocket launcher flew right off his back.
You know what I have to think?
What do you have to think, Nick?
I wonder, and you know I truly do wonder, is he cursed by death magic?
I think it's 100% possible that this Clark Bishop could indeed be cursed by death magic.
And Planet Juggernaut is doing something, ooh, boy howdy, he's got something up his
proverbial arms.
You know, I'm wondering if he's planning for the big one.
Oh, he just might be, and if we get to see him pull this off, boy howdy, would this fight
not last much longer.
I truly do hope that he hasn't lost his will to murder and he's just hanging out.
That would be a sight to see.
Any time we can get some humanity out of the robots in this world, I think we should go
for it and praise them.
And what do you think about that Keith Vigna fella?
Well, on this turn, he finally fucked up.
We heard that's what he's wanting to do, and he finally got his feet all stucky sticky
on the side of the dome.
You know, if he's trying to hit Planet Juggernaut, and Planet Juggernaut is indeed resting like
some of us think he might be, that would be a really classy move by a really classy guy.
Yeah, we got OsmayHipWolf who's trying to make an attack with boots finally on his feet.
He just gets flung right into the wall where he gets stuck like a spider on a web.
You know, that's crazy, he has been off his game all day today and he is surely disappointing
his greatest fan today.
Let's go ahead and take a quick moment of silence.
Everyone here in the scrap pit remembers our dear brothers, Rich and Richard, right?
Dick and Rich Nichols.
One of those two works.
And they were absolutely proponents of this ring and big security advisors for the making
of this massive dome room.
And we lost them earlier this week, so we would like to take a quick 30 second moment
of silence in their honor.
Whoo!
Both in silence!
Shut the fuck up!
Oh my god!
No, no!
That was 30 seconds!
Happy you lost all your humanity's time!
That was 30 seconds for your creepy ass brothers, whoo!
That man must have known our brothers, they were creepy assholes.
Let's get back to the action here in Route 4.
What do you say, Dick?
Yeah, the crowd is really wanting to see some blood here today and I, you know, I also do.
Back to the top of Route 4.
Clark Bishop, it's your turn.
That trap that shot up and flung Oz, can I see, is it still up?
No, the ground immediately went back to where it was.
I want to run over to it and knowing that it's there, try to use its angle and momentum
to launch me onto Planet Juggernaut.
Roll an athletics check.
Can I do decks?
Roll a dexterity check there, whoo!
Oh my god, Dex Shepard would be a pretty good name for a roleplaying deck.
I pass a 17 and that would pass both athletics and decks.
Alright.
Planet Juggernaut is still warming himself, so you will be able to do this real quick.
Just want to say, Dex Shepard, be like a, like a, like a thief.
Yeah, like a rogue.
Yeah, like a rogue who's like a wheelman.
What's a wheelman?
Like the guy who drives cars.
A wheelman!
You know, like, some dudes are into legs and some are into butts.
He's a real wheelman.
He's a wheelman.
He's a wheelman.
You know that guy, he's a real wheelman.
He's the opposite of Pinocchio.
I'm saying he fucks cars.
He's a wheelman.
Look at the muffler on that one.
Oh my goodness gracious.
So Joe, describe Clark's jump.
He's rushing over to that trap and he's got those pneumatic legs on and the pneumatic
gloves on and he knows where he's going to land so he kind of jumps onto that trap and
it springs up and he flings himself straight at Planet Juggernaut hoping to land kind of
on the top of him.
And when he does, he's using those pneumatic gloves to kind of like punch inward and try
and stabilize himself on the top of it.
Oh, cool.
Roll strength here.
That's a pass, a 35 on a 65.
Okay, so describe this exactly how you want it to look.
You know when a bodybuilder is like flexing their muscles, he's coming all the way up
to the top and then half moons around the side and bam, right into the top dome area
there.
And I don't know what's inside it so explain to me what my hands pierce maybe.
So it would be like a thin metal material that would completely wrap around your fists
as you moved them in there.
With the purpose of being stabilized on top of it, so I'm holding it kind of like maybe
you would hold the horn on the saddle maybe?
Stable you are like a horse rider of a horse, Planet Juggernaut.
You have taken your time and you are ready to go.
Clark Bishop isn't on top of Planet Juggernaut for very long because he starts to feel Planet
Juggernaut moving underneath him and he sees the secondary helicopter blade pop out and
Planet Juggernaut rises off the ground and then it's weird.
It's like the outside surface is spinning around something on the inside, but all of
a sudden you're latched on and you're going down a roller coaster and it's spinning slow
but then it starts going very fast and then Planet Juggernaut drops to the ground and
takes off.
You are going to roll, what did we say for this one?
3d6 for every one I hit.
Did I give you a percentage?
The 60 I think.
I don't know, actually we didn't do a percentage, I figured maybe people would just try to dodge.
I think it's just a dodge, so everybody is going to roll dodge.
If you fail your dodge then you take 3d6 of damage.
Do I have a dodge?
You do indeed and we'll start with you.
Or would you try to just disengage?
I mean I think if I succeed this dodge that would do it.
Exactly.
Looks like a failure.
It's a crit fail.
He can't get his hands out.
That's not going to be good.
This is karma for all the amazing rolls I've had this whole time.
This whole campaign.
Joe is going to take 8 points of damage.
Shit, what's that put you at now?
That puts me at 3 hit points.
Alright do you want to use a 10 more luck here or are you going to?
Yeah I'll use 10 more for one d6.
Alright roll that d6.
4.
Nice.
Alright.
So I'm at 7 hit points.
Keith Vigna roll that dodge for me baby.
So do I just do what my normal dodge is?
I don't get any bonus from those legs since I'm stuck probably.
You are actually stuck up.
So you are out.
You're so stuck up.
I will actually.
I'm going to give you.
Finally someone says it.
I'm going to give you a plus 40% for being so far out of the way.
Yeah.
It's 5.
Alright so on that success basically Planet Juggernaut like as he's rolling toward you
realizes that he can't hit you with how high you are and so bails and goes after Oz Mayhem
Wolf who rolls an 83 failing.
So roll 3d6 for me Thomas.
12.
Ouch.
Oh wow okay.
The ball starts rolling and Clark Bishop can't get his hands out from underneath it and it
rolls over him and with the critical fail it continues to roll toward Oz Mayhem Wolf
and as it rolls over Oz it splatters him.
You actually see just viscera of guts and insides and this black ichor all just kind
of like splurt out on either side and there is now a Nickelodeon style splat of dark red
on Planet Juggernaut but because of the crit fail as he's continuing to roll Clark Bishop
gets rolled over a second time.
So I need you to roll 3d6 again.
6.
6 points of damage and you were at what?
7 so I can survive that with one hit point.
Spend 10 more luck.
I would do that.
Yeah what are you saving the luck for?
The mechanics.
Yeah I mean like.
So you can either spend 10 luck to get a d6 more or you can roll a constitution check
to see if you stay conscious or unconscious.
If you fail the constitution check to stay conscious then you'll have to spend luck to
stay conscious.
Did that all make sense?
It did yeah I am yeah I'm gonna use the d6.
10 more luck spent puts you at what?
30.
He's unable to save himself.
3 so I have 4 hit points total.
Okay then you don't need to roll a constitution check here.
Oh.
Right before Osmayhimwolf dies you hear him go no my brother Elby my cousin V.
It was a plot point it's a me Osmayhimwolf.
All that's cut out.
You just hear from the crowd oh.
You also hear a very emphatic woo.
Keith Vigna it's your turn.
Okay I'm gonna try to so where is Juggernaut right now?
Rolling around baby.
Doing a couple victory laps.
Okay I'm going to reposition my feet on this dome to where I'm aimed in towards the inside
of the dome so what do I roll to do that dexterity?
I wasn't paying attention I'm sorry.
I want to get to where I'm like standing on the dome but I want to like jump up farther
to where I'm like kind of overlooking the dome from above yeah yeah what do I need to
roll for that dexterity for me that is a fail all right you are still stuck feet stuck on
this dome.
Okay I want to shoot another saw at him.
You know it works go ahead and roll firearms.
That's a crit success 22 on a 70.
Nice.
Okay you're like technically already dodging because you're rolling around so go ahead
and roll if you can critically succeed what was your crit success?
22.
And it's impossible for you to win but go ahead and roll anyway.
No okay I think you should roll.
I know I did roll.
Your no was a sign of failure not a refusal to roll I hear you loud and clear.
That is an 8 plus 3 that's 11.
Okay with a critical success yeah dude you're gonna roll that 8 again 11 plus 11 plus 3
so 14.
Right 14 total and describe what this buzz saw does to the as I shoot it it's kind of
where I'm positioned juggernaut is rolling coming at me so the force of the launcher
and the force of him coming at me meet and the saw goes inside of juggernaut.
Woo love it and that is with the death of osmahan wolf that is the end of round four.
Okay boy howdy with the end of round four we've seen a lot of interesting developments
here we have clark bishop he goes ahead and just jumps and makes a big ol punch with hulk
fists right down into planet juggernaut what do we think about that?
What do we think about that?
You know it seems to me he got his hand stuck in the worst cookie jar of all time.
Planet juggernaut's horrible metal body.
Who put their hands inside planet juggernaut clark puts his hands inside oh right no one
left so I'm moving on planet juggernaut guys it was good I was just imagining if like a
sportscaster actually did that fucking terrible it would be.
Planet juggernaut you know he took his time last round to really save up something special
for us this time.
Yeah he uh coiled up like a big murderous roly poly and delivered quite a blistering
attack rolling over clark bishop twice and completely obliterating osmahan wolf into
a pit of pit you don't like the inside of a nectarine that's basically what it looked
like out there with osmahan wolf he is round and wrinkly on the inside his organs are disgusting.
You know the crowd sure is getting aroused by the blood and I can't say that I'm not
feeling a little something too how about you mick I can smell the iron and wine in
the air baby and much like a shepherd dog keith vigno is a one trick pony once again
using the saw blade shooter at his vast disposal while stuck on the side of the dome shepherd
dogs can famously learn many tricks you know I have to wonder why is he not moving is he
too stupid or is he secretly a genius he seems to be landing the most hits at all these
chunks and avoiding the damage at the same time you know I have a fun fact about planet
juggernaut please tell us your fun fact about planet juggernaut nick mackles my fun fact
about planet juggernaut is that he keeps all the leftover teeth from all the matches and
sleeps on a big pile of them that's what I hear it's important to have a legend behind
any great villain at that moment you do see like a little hoover like coming out of the
body of planet juggernaut and like sucking out the teeth that are stuck to him from oz
mayhem just like plugging them out of the uh out of the goo and real quick let's head
down to our medical correspondent to talk about that brutal take to oz mayhem wolf joe
terry what is the name of our medical correspondent here tonight it's ron jeffries ron jeffries
is down talking to jeremiah johnson let's see take it away jeremiah yeah hey um i'm
here with ron jeffries and uh i'm just your medical expertise yeah i'm ron yeah ron thanks
i know i just introduced you yeah they pulled me out of it i was doing some cool stuff before
they pulled me out here okay well really busy yeah well now it's mostly about the death
of oz mayhem wolf can you can you tell us anything about the biology that that the death
does to it no i'm no bone doctor but that definitely snapped them bones real good when
he got squashed back to you
hello
you
