Welcome to the cream zone, my pastries.
It's your putrid patissier, Papa Wolf the dog,
and I am here to cover all the butter-filled dough
in various sweet sauces of my choosing.
I hope y'all like some sweet grease.
I am rolling out that dough live from 694.2 PTBP,
the only radio station that doubles
as a bakery in the dream times.
Now I know y'all know that I love kneading that dough,
but what I really need is some external validation
from the listeners of my show.
I have a need to knead,
but my need to be kneaded is so much greater.
This howling with Wolf was sent in by Modern Cannabis
from Grand Junction, Colorado,
who tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pod
an equally meaningful and easy thing to do.
He writes,
Hey Wolf, the music you put out pleases
the deepest depths of my soul.
Keep spinning those great tunes
and munching on the slimiest of fine foods.
I hope those contention boys you keep telling us about
manage to vacuum up all that nasty ooze
I keep seeing out and about.
And lastly, a shout out to the best playing group
a fledgling keeper could ask for.
Kyle, Lexi, and Moriah couldn't ask for a better group
of funny, smart, and kind people to play with.
Lots of love, Modern Cannabis.
Well damn, thanks Modern Cannabis.
It sounds like you got a good group of buddies there.
I wish, I wish I had a couple of buddies
that were funny, smart, and kind.
All I got is my producer and my dog, Wolf the dog, the dog.
My producer is a piece of shit and Wolf the dog, the dog
merely tolerates my existence.
Maybe one day I'll have a friend too.
If you want to write up something for your pastry loving
Wolf the howl, write up a five star review
on Apple podcasts and send a screenshot
to pretendingpod at gmail.com
or just tag the show at pretending pod
on Instagram or Twitter.
In return, you can put words in my mouth.
What a damn deal.
And while you're using your fingers to peruse
the unfathomable thing that is the internet,
stop by the damn subreddit.
Some kid named Luke shit posts there constantly
with the finesse of an Olympic athlete.
Or join us on the discord.
The community is just as sweet as they are filthy.
And if you want to trade currency for bonus content,
check out patreon.com slash pretendingpod
for 23 exclusive episodes.
The newest one from an ongoing Delta green
home brew campaign just dropped.
And that wily PTBP crew continues on live
in the den of sin this Friday night,
August 20th at 9.30 PM central time.
If I've said it once, I hope my producer saves the clip
so he can just play that audio again.
The links are in the damn show notes.
Here at the end of this story, there's everything to lose.
But no matter how gory, I'll be here with the news.
Last time Keith bumped into Silas Cole,
John had questions for his newest father figure
and Clark accidentally unleashed the other worldly beast
he's been freaking out about since episode 31.
But hey, at least this horrifying behemoth
is made of the dripping ooze that's plagued
the groups every step.
And also, thankfully, the incomprehensible monster
is mounted by an anatomically upgraded assassin
dressed as Fonzie that's controlled
by an unnatural metal ball,
hell bent on the destruction of humanity.
So that's nice.
Seems like a good time to take a hard look around
and ask yourselves, what's your favorite bop
with an open question as the title?
And why is it Drag It In 3
with What Kinda World Are You Livin' In?
["What Kinda World Are You Livin' In"]
["What Kinda World Are You Livin' In"]
When Thomas dies, you'll get his podcast money.
Can I have all your stuff and your points in the podcast?
Oh, like my points in the podcast so far?
Like, as far as the leaderboards go?
Yes, the leaderboards that I have.
You've never seen this whiteboard.
The fans don't know about this,
but there is a complicating scoring system
that Zach uses to keep us funny.
To keep you.
And just to keep you.
You know, just like working with any auteur,
there's some give and take with working with Zach.
He gotta give a little, and he takes a lot,
and that's how you make art.
So, you know, if that requires manipulating
and breaking down your players until they,
until they, you know, until they're not themselves anymore,
they're just little balls of clay that you can mold.
That's what Zach's done for us.
You're all Jenna Maroney,
and I'm the bad guy from Iron Man 2.
Mickey Rooney?
Or not Mickey Rooney.
Wait, yeah?
Mickey Rourke.
No.
Mickey Rourke?
Mickey Rooney?
Mickey Rooney?
If all the Jenna Maroney, Mickey Rourke jokes
were about Mickey Rooney,
were about Mickey Rooney,
that would elevate an already great bit.
Wait, I think I just realized
that they are about Mickey Rourke and not Mickey Rooney,
which I was so confused by.
Wow.
Wow.
I just finished rewatching 30 Rock 2, so that's hilarious.
I've got a gripe to complain.
And she's like, tell me more.
What's up with iPhones today?
Is that Mickey Rooney or is that Iago?
That's more Mickey Rooney.
Well, you went a little Gilbert.
What's going on?
What?
All right, no.
So when we started recording this campaign
over three and a half years ago,
did you expect these small town contention cops
to end up fighting a partial Android dressed like Fonzie
controlled by an unnatural metal ball consciousness
that's riding an oozing shadowy ape kaiju
in an alternate plane of existence
as the future Messiah of a cult,
the founder of contention slash inventor
who created all these weird science items
and one of those inventions itself
in the body of its adopted father
alongside that adopted father's brother
who can burn people with his hands in reverse time itself?
No, I thought it would be something a lot cooler.
Probably like 10% of them.
Well, I'm just gonna open up this little envelope
that I made for myself at the beginning of all this.
And yeah, all those predictions are written right down here.
No, no, wait, Joe, show that to the camera.
Here, hang on.
You'll see I did write down,
I thought her name was gonna be Mary Beth.
I didn't write Rosemary, so I whiffed it on that one.
Whiffed it on that one pretty bad.
What did Beth stand for?
Better entity, time heathen.
Damn, Joe.
That's really solid.
Can time heathens be like the theme of our second season?
Yeah, well, no,
because I never wanna do time travel again, but.
The name of our prog band?
Yeah, time heathens fucking rules.
I know time bandits has a special place
in a lot of people's heart,
but if that movie was called time heathens,
I think it would be unbeatable.
What about clock stoppers?
That movie was great.
Is that like when you like interrupt two people
who are definitely gonna get it on?
Wait, no.
You said clock.
That's cock blockers.
Clock stoppers.
Clock stoppers has the weirdest ratio of being so bad
and being something I've thought about
ever since I've seen that movie.
Like the ability to stop time
and what you can do with that. It's not a good movie,
but like I've thought about it at least once a year
since I've seen it, probably more often than not.
Right?
Have you guys seen Time Fuckers?
Is that about the guys who fuck goobs?
That's spice holes.
Cilantro's.
Time Fuckers is just about this dog.
A dog?
Cool.
Right on.
I just watched Back to the Future for the first time.
Really?
You know that was originally gonna be called Time Fuckers?
That makes sense.
I heard a fact today that I didn't verify,
so I should probably check it
before I spread misinformation,
but I'm just gonna say it.
Apparently, The Muppet Show,
they made two pilots for that originally.
And one of them was called
The Muppets Sex and Drug Show or something like that.
And I don't know if that meant that they were gonna go
with an adult route for it, but that's what it was called.
It was like, The Muppets Sex and Drugs.
Or whether they were just gonna teach kids
about sex and drugs.
I don't know what the-
Like a reverse dare program?
This is a great scenario to introduce
without having any of the background for it,
because we can just wildly speculate
until Luke ruins it by looking it up.
Don't ruin it.
Don't look it up yet.
Don't ruin it.
Don't talk to him.
Don't talk to him.
It's violence.
Oh, even better.
That's right, yeah.
Okay, so is the pitch there that the network
is like, give us two ideas for a show
and they really wanna make The Muppets Show
and they're like, I guess if we give them
The Muppets Sex and Violence,
they gotta make The Muppets Show.
Oh my God, just thinking of like a Gritty.
Like Gritty in the sex and violence show, yeah.
Oh my God.
I mean, Gritty is the epitome of sex and violence.
Gritty is the ultimate villain of The Muppets.
Or the hero.
What about Gritty just as a detective in Philadelphia?
Sex and violence.
Gritty, sex and violence unit.
Gritty, sex and violence.
Yeah, SVU stands for sex and violence unit.
Gritty, sex and violence unit.
Gritty and his partner, Chris Maloney,
have to take on the mean streets.
Just fucking.
Remember when everybody saw Chris Maloney's
like ass in his pants a few months ago
and that was trending all over the place?
And people were like,
why is Chris Maloney's ass so good?
It makes sense.
Google that.
The man's got a rump.
That guy has a great ass.
He's got a real ass face.
You know when you look at somebody's face
and you can tell they got a nice dumper?
That jawline looks like it shits.
This is something I wanted to bring up.
Somebody on the Discord, you said like,
you know when you look at a person's face
and you see what you want to see and not what's there?
I don't know what that means.
And one person was like,
I wonder if Zach has a little face blindness.
And I just wanted to know if that,
do you think you do or?
Yeah, it's a good point, Luke.
Thanks.
What?
No, I just meant that when you are familiar
with someone over time,
you see them differently than I think that you would
if you were just seeing them as a stranger on the street.
I think that your perception of your relationship to them
and the way that they've treated you
and the way you've treated them
and the way that you perceive their actions
and the way other people perceive them
changes the way that you view them physically.
Yeah.
That's where I disagree.
Yeah, I know.
It's just my opinion.
And all of science backs me up.
Right, right.
It's just my factual opinion.
I forgot about those studies that you forwarded me,
which was like, hey, in the future,
if you ever need to know,
and Zach just sent me all these links
that were clearly to like crudely handmade websites,
but it was like University of Florida study confirms.
Science says.
Yeah, science says.
Scienceblockspot.com.
Anything Zach says in the future is correct.
Shitscientistsay.com.
And I was drunk enough the first few arguments
that that worked, but no more.
Oh boy.
I'm nervous.
My hands are sweating.
Fucking get over it, Zach.
Pull your shit together.
I'm kidding, it's okay.
Rose M-A-R-Y, a gaunt woman with crazy hair
and enormous thick glasses
that make her already large eyes look even bigger,
dripping with muck from every orifice,
wearing jeans and a white t-shirt with a leather jacket,
leapt off the back of her commandeered four wheeler
and mounted this thing of Clark's nightmares.
The four metal tentacles
that protrude from the back of her neck
wrapped around this incomprehensibly enormous beast
that drips with pure darkness.
And the camera dollied left
as this lumbering monster raced toward the ledge
of its unnatural toilet paper roll treadmill.
And as it falls,
the camera turns 90 degrees sideways
to match the change of the gravitational pull.
The luminous land on which you all stand shakes
as the Gigantumbra pithicus arrives on your axis
and Rose M-A-R-Y, muscle memory engaged,
leans back and casually throws a double thumbs up
as the goddamn muck and Mairi behemoth beneath her
roars in real sanity.
Oh, fuck.
I brought everything out here but my dice.
Yeah, I failed.
There should be some right in front of you, Thomas,
in the little, can you hear me?
You can still tell them where they are.
In the thing.
Nice, fucking nailed it.
The yarn boat.
Yarn boat, baby, yarn boat.
It's so yarny.
93, I fail.
How'd you do there, Clark Bishop?
You probably need me to roll again, right?
That's because it's bad audio or something, right?
This is the most I've ever wanted to lie about a roll,
I think, in the history of the show,
but it's an 82, so that's over my power.
Oh, right, mine's way over my power too, yeah.
Oh, I rolled over my power too.
I had a lot of time to think about
if I would lie about that roll or not.
I was sitting there stewing, looking at the dice
and saying, man, I could just say,
I could just say it's under my power.
I've lied about exactly one roll
in the history of this podcast.
It happened recently and I feel super, super bad about it.
Oh, shit.
Wow.
That's just, for all the role players out there,
don't do it, don't do it.
There's no-
I hate to do this, you're out.
We signed a contract.
That's fair.
We did a blood oath with Zach
that we would never lie to him.
Even as jokingly, that made me want to cry.
I'm sorry, dude.
At least you've learned your fucking lesson.
I just wanted to scare Joe straight
and any other listeners.
In the prison sense.
You like that?
You like the use of that language there, Thomas?
Well, that's not what that-
Feel good about that?
I felt awkward about it as soon as it came out of my mouth,
but that's not the intention of the phrase.
Prison, it's scared straight, not great.
Scared straight, not great.
I felt with a 52, which is over my power.
Oh my God.
This is the worst.
Yeah, this might be the end here.
If you would have succeeded-
Just take this one from the top.
You would have-
Yeah, Zach, how do you feel about
lying about some rolls right now?
How do you feel about lying about an episode?
I'm not going to do it.
Everything you planned this week down the shitter.
1d4 would have been your sanity damage
if you would have succeeded that check.
So I need everyone to do 1d8 plus one.
Holy shit.
Oh my God.
This really might be the end.
Three for me, two plus one.
Oh my God.
I rolled a one.
You fucker.
And I had to because I've only got four sanity, so.
Holy shit.
Oh damn.
I rolled a three plus one is four,
which brings me down to 12
and my breaking point is 10, so I'm good.
I take that back about having only four sanity.
I had seven.
I was looking at my breaking point.
So I'm at five total now with a breaking point of four.
Damn, dude.
This is bleak.
Although I did kind of prepare
because the next sentence in my notes is
resolve what will probably be a shit show.
Yeah.
Why would you think that?
I didn't hit my breaking point.
No one did.
No one hit their breaking point
and no one rolled five or more sanity.
So we don't have to do fight, flight or freeze.
And we don't have to take on any new manias,
but you did all roll over your power.
In combat order, which we are now in,
we're going to go through that.
And Don automatically, with an extreme sanity hit here,
even at your zero sanity,
we'll peek behind the curtain there,
Don D. Pettymore fully insane.
Yeah, mine is zero right now.
And who knows how long.
Did you roll over zero?
Yeah, I tried to roll, but I was just like, man.
The dice just stopped midair.
Threw it in the air.
You're a fatal.
Go ahead and roll, Justin, real quick for me.
Gotcha.
Oh, 15.
Okay.
Yeah, it's not over my willpower though,
but yeah, it's a little over zero.
Keith Vigna, you are standing next to yourself
as you see this lumbering beast roar
and the hair on your head is pushed back
by the sheer power of this roar.
Keith looks at the monster and at Rosemary
and then at all the people surrounding him
and he kind of starts to back away
until he looks down at himself on the ground
and sees the belts laying next to him.
And he grabs the belts and puts it around his own neck
but not his own neck, but his own neck
and starts to strangle Silas, Keith, Beans, Cole.
Silas Cole is far too weak
and the blood in his body is all in the wrong places
in order to resist this in a confident fashion.
Also, as I'm doing that,
I'm using one hand to kind of like strangle him
and one hand to massage the blood back up into his head.
Put it back, put it back, put it back, put it back.
I don't know why you brought this thing here.
A slender, muscular man in a black t-shirt
with tribal tattoo sleeves on both arms
going down his hands and fingertips
with friend branded on his forehead,
completely overwhelmed by terror,
knows that the only thing he can do in this moment
is try to take this thing down
and he sprints toward this huge creature
and he runs and he has this staff
made of pure darkness in his hand
and he's whipping it back and forth
on either side of him to build up momentum and speed
as he's sprinting toward this thing.
And as he's about to jump to take his blow
against this tree-sized limb that is hitting the ground,
this bipedal creature just lifts one of its legs
and stomps on the top of Germaine Glass,
pushing him fully into the luminous land you all stand on.
You see the body of Germaine Glass become engulfed
in the oozing darkness of this creature
and the entirety of Germaine Glass's body
dissipates into the leg
and as he is consumed,
the creature grows ever so slightly.
Oh no.
Clark Bishop, you see red.
Someone has to pay for this.
Clark had just done that to-do haka-noose thing
and it didn't work at fucking all
and in fact, it broke it loose.
So that's what he is flipped out about now.
I think he wants to try again
because he now is filled with rage.
He wants to hurt that thing
that he accidentally now has let loose.
I think that's the thing
he wants to try to take out his aggression on.
He's gonna try another spell
even though he doesn't know spells.
He's gonna try and summon it up from within him to do it.
I love it.
I love it.
Go ahead and roll a natural.
Oh, shit.
Are we doing the lying thing now?
Yes, yes, fuck yes.
It's an 81 on a 63.
Ooh-wee.
This is the worst.
I hate this.
This sucks.
You're laughing and giggling like it's fun though.
Fuck this game you've made us play.
And I love it.
I'm really happy personally
and I'm rooting for you guys
but I'm stoked about what just happened.
Clark, go ahead and chant for me.
Microwave dinner!
Microwave dinner!
Microwave dinner!
A powerful and ancient spell.
This enormous, powerful wave of these waves,
these tiny radiation waves emit from your mouth
and hit direct on this enormous lumbering creature
that is at least five stories tall.
And as it hits, this thing begins to crumble.
Like an ooze that is dissipating,
like a slug with salt being poured on it
and Rosemary is slightly losing her balance on top.
And then the vibration of this muck
inside of this creature
and covering the entirety of its outside
and its limbs go into itself before it splits
into two separate equally sized gigantumbra pithicuses
that are the same size as the original
but now there's two of them in front of you
and Rosemary is on one.
They put out their hands to each other
like Romeo and Juliet
in the Leonardo DiCaprio version in the class
and then they turn their massive, unnatural,
oozy, ape-like heads to face you all.
You done fucked up, Clark.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, shit.
My bad, my bad.
Don D. Pettymore, you hear a phone ringing.
Ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring.
It's the, do y'all hear that?
John, do you hear that?
Do y'all hear that?
It's the phone.
And I start walking in the direction
that the phone is, seemingly oblivious
to everything around me.
I didn't hear anything, Don.
Which is the opposite direction of this gigantic beast
and you are walking toward the towering building
in the opposite direction.
I'd start walking at first but I'm picking up speed
while muttering to myself about the phone.
We can, we can fix all the, I can fix this.
I can fix this.
Like you can kind of hear him like repeating
things like that over and over again.
Radical.
John, your turn.
Having rolled over his power,
John Lee Kevin Ball has lost sight of what he is.
It finally all washes over him.
The split bodies, the lives, everything
and it's more than he can handle.
And the situation is overwhelming
but all he sees is Keith Beans killing his daddy.
A white like glow pops out, you know,
from the back of Sam Elliott's neck
and a silver ball shoots into the air.
Sam Elliott crumples like a little puppet.
Just to the ground.
Like you, like you cut its strings.
And, and there is, there is a silver ball
racing straight for Keith and Silas.
Holy shit.
Rose M-A-R-Y pinches the cuticle on her thumb
and begins to peel.
She pulls off a long strip of skin
from her nail bed to the crook of her elbow.
Hey Zach.
And blood.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, what's up man?
Ew.
Can we fuck that?
Hey Zach, can you not?
Yeah, we tried to keep sex out of the podcast
but if you could, you know,
obviously you're getting very, you're getting very,
I think it's gross when people force sex into role-playing
but we want to fuck that.
And this beautiful slit just has blood pouring out of it.
You're not going to get me
like you did with Giant Gash, buddy.
It's not going to work twice.
Blood pours down onto one of these gloomy beasts
as she pulls off the skin on her forearm like fancy gloves,
fingers first, and then one smooth removal.
Rose M-A-R-Y reveals a silver metal structure
and she cackles into the sky above.
You poor, pitiful animals.
You needed to so desperately remove me from your world.
You hunted me and my children, my creations for what reason?
Because we were already where you desire to be?
Or do you hate yourselves as well?
Regardless, humanity has had a good run,
much better than you deserved.
You claim to admire kindness and you reward the brutal.
You insist patience is a virtue
and you take advantage of the forgiving.
You honor loyalty?
It took absolutely zero effort.
And she points at Silas Cole,
fool branded across his forehead.
For one of your own to spill the beans
on the location of humankind's destruction.
I am going to take these black shiny devils
back to your world, break through Beans Pond
into the underground temple,
which houses vat upon vat of my beautiful residue.
Rise back up with a colossal strength
your minds could not begin to comprehend.
And then finally I am going to consume everything you know.
John Lee Pettyball stops dead in his tracks
searing towards that.
He had been speeding towards Keith and Silas,
but he stops, the ball turns around
from kind of just like the ground
and the air around you.
You hear the ball speaking and it says to Rosemary,
did you really just take the time
to fucking throw in a beans pun in your villain speech?
And that's enough to snap him out of his mania I think.
He's offended by that.
Pettymores never weren't much for poorly placed pun.
If your wordplay wasn't impeccable at a pettymore barbecue,
you would be ruthlessly scolded and ridiculed.
The second enormous gargantuan five-story tall creature
melts itself down into a puddle of ooze
and begins to climb the gigantic umbra pithicus
that Rosemary rides on,
making it twice as tall and twice as wide.
There is now a 10-story tall ape-like,
shadowy, dripping darkness kaiju
that is standing before you.
Rosemary is almost impossible to see.
She's 10 stories high off the ground
riding on the head of this creature
and you see her tentacles are just waving about
like she can't even control how fucking stoked she is
about the situation.
I'm gonna pee.
It will literally take 20 seconds.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
I'll believe it when I see it.
And hear it.
Springfield, Missouri ranked number 56
out of the top 200 biggest cities in the United States
for zombie apocalypse preparedness.
Yeah, that's pretty good.
I think you'd rate higher.
Shame we couldn't handle a real issue.
Yeah.
You shut the fuck up.
There's a building downtown that-
Like liberals.
My mom told me when I was like a teenager maybe,
so I don't know if she was correct.
I never looked this up.
I don't know if she was correct or not,
but there's a building downtown
that does nanotechnology work
and part of what the research was
was reanimating dead cells.
And so I've always thought we're gonna be ground zero
for any shit that goes zombie like that.
Just like the Delta's area.
68, 69.
Yep.
69 seconds, much longer than 20.
Much longer than 20.
I didn't start peeing until 13 seconds.
That's when I was in the bathroom and had things going.
I stopped at 38.
Well, it's hard to piss when you're rock hard.
I stopped shaking at 45,
and then I got back here.
That's a good shake.
Well, you know, as you get older, it takes longer.
My pee comes out faster than it's ever.
To make it quicker, I usually just shake it while I pee.
Slap it, whack it, throw it against the wall,
but until you put it back in your pants,
the last drop won't fall.
That's true.
Also, people who say if you shake it more than two times
or whatever, you're playing with yourself,
I don't know what kind of fucking fuck that person.
Yeah, fuck them.
They don't know what it's like to pee.
All right, well, this is the anthem,
so you guys should throw all your hands up.
Who was that?
Good Charlotte.
Good Charlotte, that's right.
Shake it once, that's fine.
Shake it twice, that's okay.
Shake it three times, you're playing with yourself.
Wait, really?
There's a song?
Yeah, that's the bridge of a song.
That's what I knew it from, yeah.
That song was the theme song of Madden 2003.
So it played every single time you opened that game,
so I had that song stuck in my head for years.
That album's pretty good for what it is.
That sounds like exactly the peak Madden year for Zaggy.
Little 11-year-old Zach, love that shit.
This creature just became enormous.
Thomas got hard, went pee.
So now we are at Keith.
Keith is strangling Keith,
but he hears beans between Mary and John Ball, Jovi.
Mary and John Ball, Jovi, he hears beans three times.
This damn beans pun is gonna be a downfall.
He hears beans three times
and it snaps him out of it.
He's hearing his last name
and he loses his grip on the belt
and stops massaging the blood up to Keith's head.
He looks at his friends around him
and he's like, she just told us her plan.
We can stop her now.
You hear reverberating around you.
Yeah, that's like a classic villain mistake
to just give it all away in the big reveal speech.
I completely agree, I'm on your side.
Keith.
Do you choke him less?
I drop the belt and it's just kind of like,
both of the belts are just kind of like,
he's wearing them like a necklace.
I get down on my knees and look Keith right in the eyes.
Hey, hey buddy, hey me.
You're gonna do something real important right now
and I'm gonna help you feel up to it.
You're gonna distract that.
And I gesture to the 10 story tall thing
and I put my finger up his nose
and pull my thumb like a finger gun.
And then I slap him on the back and say, go.
An enormous amount of glass family cocaine
goes straight up into the dome of Silas Cole who hasn't.
I thought you knew of some secret Keith button
up your nose, that every Keith had.
Technically it's a, I know how to unlock the powers.
But no, you just like really dosed him
dangerously against his will.
The ethics of dosing yourself.
If any of these characters cared about ethics,
they would have died a long time ago.
Or would have just left.
Probably wouldn't have stolen all the stuff
from the green box.
Anyway, I slap him on the back and say, go get him buddy.
I start running towards the building.
So Keith and Keith begin running in opposite directions.
It is Clark Bishop's turn.
Clark thinks our Keith's got the right idea.
I think getting in that building
is at least we'll buy some time.
John Ball, I don't know if you can hear me.
Can you hear me?
We're going for the building.
You don't exactly hear it, but like the vibe,
something about the way the air feels around your head.
Answers in assurance.
It's not like you hear the word yes.
Oh shit.
You just feel that like John said yes.
That's dope.
It's fucking rad.
Grab your uncle, we gotta, let's go.
He's already heading there.
I'm already on my way.
You wanna take that line again?
Let's follow Don.
And it's Don's turn.
And Don hears Keith coming up behind him.
Am I still hearing the telephone in front of me?
Oh yeah.
Louder and louder with each step.
Zeroed in on the phone.
I pick up my pace if I wasn't already in like a full run.
I'm just hoofing it.
Can you hear it?
Talking as though everyone's with me.
Do you hear it, John?
John, John, can you hear it?
The air answers back yes, you feel that.
And you also just hear like, it's gonna be okay.
And Clark hears, I'm with you, run.
And Keith hears, you're on the right path.
But if you stop to look back, the ball hasn't moved.
The ball sinks down from where it's floating in the air.
And it almost seems to like sink
into the ground a little bit.
You can see weird currents and jolts from the air around it,
sort of like snapping into where the ball is.
And there's a strange ozone smell
and there's electricity around you.
And that's all you see right now.
Oh my God.
Holy shit, what's going on?
Yeah.
For those of you running toward the building,
suddenly you see a man bent over head and hands and stocks.
He's dressed like he is in the old West actually.
And fool has been branded into his forehead.
And as you're running toward him, you can hear him.
He's just muttering to himself.
We was made a real good running at him.
I was getting evicted soon.
Too much damn hesitation.
And as he's saying hesitation, he looks up
and sees what's happening in the distance
for the first time.
And he just stops cold.
And you all hear a slight chant song,
reverberating from the other side
of this towering dark buildings.
And the first time you've gotten close enough
to hear behind this building,
the power of these voices, a chorus hits you
like the sound of cascading waters
and like the rumbling of loud thunder.
Shock tea for leecha, shock tea for leecha,
shock tea for leecha, shock tea for leecha,
shock tea for leecha, shock tea for leecha,
shock tea for leecha, for the overseer.
Shock tea for leecha.
For the overseer, shock tea for leecha,
For the overseer, shock tea for leecha,
For the overseer, shock tea for leecha.
And Clark, you recognize this sound.
My theme song.
That's right.
It's the music that plays at the end of Wheel of Fortune.
Wait, really?
Is the Wheel of Fortune end song a banger?
Yes, it 100 million percent is.
Yes, it is.
I'll have to check that out.
I'll have that to a few playlists.
Fun dance times, number three.
Intimate home moments.
Wheel of Fortune end theme.
And this huge mass of people
begins walking in a circle
from around one side of the building.
You see two circles of people,
a bigger circle and an inner circle,
the outer circle going clockwise,
the inner circle moving counterclockwise
as they're chanting this song.
And you recognize there's a bunch of people dressed
like they're from the Old West in old timey clothing.
Some of them have friend branded across their foreheads.
And every single person who is in either the inner
or outer circle chanting this song,
they're all holding an animal
or have an animal right alongside them.
So with some of these Old West people,
you see a guy who looks like a bartender,
a guy who looks like a piano player,
a guy who looks like a gambler named Thomas.
They're each holding a raccoon, a chunky kitty,
and a handsome black dog.
The Critter Coalition.
You see Everett Pace,
and he's got a friendly woodpecker named Wilson
on one of his shoulders.
You see Jack Pearlman.
Thank you.
He's got an old, chunky, proud chipmunk on his shoulder
named Chip Montgomery.
You see Professor Horace Green,
who doesn't have an animal.
He has the decapitated head of Preacher Sheriff
Dr. Bobby Custard in his hand.
See Drew Andrews' body with an excitable black lab
named Tyler.
You see Darry Daly dressed to the fucking nines
with a golden retriever by his side.
Keith, you recognize your dog being immediately.
Harry Klinker right next to him,
also chanting, dressed in his classic bar uniform.
He's got an old, handsome, gray dog with him.
Mildred Mitchell is there with her rainbow earrings,
and she has an old gray squirrel in her hands.
See Jimmy Sanders, drug rug included,
and he's got a possum with him named Common.
Drug rug?
Does he not wear a drug rug?
Oh, is that what those hippie ponchos are called?
Yeah.
That's what I've always called them.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can buy it.
I was there with you, Zach.
I like it.
I get it, yeah.
You call them ketamine coveralls.
You see Councilwoman Carrie Page's body,
who you know to have Drew Andrews inside,
holding Salem the cat's body,
who you know has Agent Trinchad inside.
You see most of the town of contention
with other animals, all these different creatures
from the Contention Critter, fuck me,
Contention Critter Coalition.
And you see people from every era since forever
with other animals from other eras.
Are there dinosaur?
Are there dinosaur?
Yeah.
Great question.
No, are there a dinosaur?
Answer.
Are there a dinosaur?
Are there a dinosaur?
Are there a dinosaur?
We all know humans and dinosaurs co-existed, so.
Are there has-been of a dinosaur in here?
There are any contention dinosaurs?
From a long time ago.
I was just teaching my students is R, plural and singular,
and I used farts as an example.
We were learning the word disgusting,
so I asked one of them what's disgusting,
and they said farts.
What's disgusting is you haven't answered
if there was a dinosaur or not.
Yeah, are there a dinosaur there?
That's fair, okay.
I'm gonna assume, yeah.
No, there's not a fucking dinosaur there.
You said animals from all times.
Professor Horace Green raises his hand,
and he's like, actually, the whole area
was an inland ocean in those times.
There was never any dinosaurs here.
But there was my beloved mosasaurus.
And you do see a mosasaurus,
which is kind of like a crocodile whale,
fall out of the sky and die gasping for air.
There's the one.
There's the one.
We brought one dinosaur.
It's dead.
It's not a dinosaur, but it's contemporaneous.
Yeah, I know big words too.
I don't.
I shouldn't lie like that.
Sorry, I've read books, Justin.
But are you Red Book?
Are you Red Book?
Are you Red Book?
["Bad Girls on Top of the Water"]
Bad girls on top of the water
Mary and Caroline, I'm on the borderline
Leaving my mind at your altar
Crossing the double line
Doing it every time
Tell me what kind of world are you living in
What kind of world are you living in
What kind of world are you living in
What kind of world are you living in
What kind of world are you living in
