Greetings, all my wolf pups, it's your radio dad, Wolf the dog, howling at y'all from
Contentions best radio show that is recorded in the basement.
Tell your friends to tune in to 694.2 PTBP for all the goings on in our wonderful little
town.
Now let's dive right into some local news.
Julie Maxwell, back from the dead, kidnapped Leo Piston and took him to Splashylvania.
She shot Leo Piston at the top of the two-fanged plunge.
Officer Clark Bishop was on the scene.
He shot and killed Julie Maxwell.
Your buddy Wolf will now ride the two-fanged plunge with a heavy, heavy heart.
Now it says here the two bodies were slammed into the ground by an unseen force before
disappearing.
That's gotta be wrong, right?
Somebody get Sam and Dean down here because that is some supernatural business.
Officer John Lee Pettymore took a weird picture of the missing John Peters.
If I had a dollar every time someone took a weird picture of me, I'd have zero dollars
because your boy Wolf knows that cameras will steal your soul.
Drew Andrews, upstanding citizen and police station secretary, translated the binary that
the hooded fella gave John.
It said, I killed the chief's pops, John.
Sounds like this hooded boy is up to no good if you ask me.
Keith is in a wheelchair, which is a damn shame because I don't think there's a single
place with a wheelchair ramp in this whole town.
The officers broke into a missing person's property, John Peters' storage units to
be exact, and they found a whole bunch of goodies.
One thing they found was so smelly, they decided not to open it until back in the police station,
which makes total sense, I guess.
They took everything back to the station in a U-Haul truck.
In the plastic trunk, a woman's head, split in half with a small silver sphere in the
middle, sat upon what was likely her own chopped up body.
I'm gonna have to stop reading the news if it's all this fucked up.
Your buddy Wolf is becoming scared of the dark.
Which reminds me, you know, I had a weird dream last night.
In the dream, I was walking my dog, Wolf, and he looked at me, and when he looked at
me, he had my face, and then I looked in a mirror and I had his face.
So anyway, never fear, because Contention's newest band is here with a hot one for y'all.
It's Kudzu with no backbones.
Okay let's do it.
Did you not record that?
What the fuck is wrong with you, Zach?
Every opportunity.
From the top.
It's literally every time something good happens.
Yeah, I was almost like, well maybe we should record soundcheck just in case.
So you admit this is your fault?
No.
You sound weird now.
Yeah, I think we need to go through it all again.
Alright, Joe, if you could test your mic for me.
Oh, no.
I'm just kidding.
Peep up.
So, Christian, before we get started, where's the four-wheeler?
We rode it back to...
I rode it back shirtless to the station.
Yeah, where'd you put it?
Probably in evidence.
I locked it up safely in a jail cell.
Eat it.
There would probably, there probably would be a garage on the premises just for convenience
of cars.
Yeah, like pretty sure.
Or like even for like a stolen car situation where it's like, you know.
Any of that, just a pound?
A lot?
It's an impound.
Impound, yeah.
And how did you move the 478 kilos of cocaine?
In the U-Haul.
And they're now in the evidence locker.
Okay.
478.
Except for one brick.
You guys asked Drew to look into a few things for you, and after you're finished up cataloging
all the items in the evidence room, he gets your attention at his desk.
Hey, fellas!
So, I called the mill on the other side of the city where the chief's dad works, and
they confirmed his passing.
I tried the chief a couple more times, still no response.
I also looked into Cole's orphanage.
I didn't find anything about it.
There seems to be no record of a place called that anywhere around contention.
And then you guys asked me to find a mechanical engineer of some kind for those papers with
the diagrams and scribbles?
Well, I actually happen to have a knack for that kind of thinking, and it seems to me
that those diagrams show at least a dozen methods to sabotage the air brakes of a tractor
trailer truck.
Nice work, Drew.
I go and pat him on the back.
He is so giddy that you've accepted his help.
Uh, yeah, good work, Drew.
I gotta agree.
That's pretty good.
Thank you.
Why are you receptionist at a police department if you know of?
Well, you guys have always called me the receptionist, but I'm more of the office manager around
here is how I like to see myself.
That's good.
That's good for you, Drew.
What do you consider to be the difference?
I like to think that I have a little bit more-
Hey, Drew, you got a call, actually.
Could you get that, buddy?
Drew, I contentioned police department.
It's just me pranking them.
Hello?
God, I wish I could fart into the mic right now.
We should look at surveillance footage from the station to see if we can find out more
about Charles and see if we can't find his plate number.
Oh, yeah, for sure.
So you guys go into the surveillance room.
You would see that Charles arrived in a white Toyota.
Clark, you would recognize that for how drunk he seemed when he came in, he was driving
this car very steadily.
Actually, go ahead and roll human intelligence for me.
Humant.
Because we're setting the podcast in Missouri.
Fail.
50 on a 30.
Okay.
Everybody gets a plus 20 drive.
What a drink.
The contentioned police department wishes you to know that we do not condone drinking
or driving?
Absolutely not.
Contention doesn't have Uber, but everybody has a friend, except for Clark Bishop.
Oh.
Oh.
Wasn't it a white Toyota that Mildred saw?
Fuck, I think it was.
That would make sense.
So do you think it was him that loaded up the trunk and all that stuff?
We should definitely find out about this guy.
He seemed to, oh, I was going to say he seemed to genuinely want to find his friend, but
I guess he could have just been playing up only to get the keys.
That's true.
Or maybe both.
I smelled the, this is Joe talking, I smelled the liquor on him, didn't I?
Yes.
He cleverly poured liquor all over himself.
Let's go find him.
Did we get a plate?
Yeah, sure.
I want to run it.
Okay.
Run them plates fast, run them, run them.
Those plates don't exist.
Dang.
Clever girl.
Does anyone we know know about Charles?
He probably lives here if he's friends with John Peters.
I didn't recognize him.
Did I know John at all?
Nope.
What does a Google search for John Peters contention come up with?
Some pretty weird porn.
Go ahead and roll computer science for me.
I've got a decent one.
It's a crit fail.
Oh, I thought it was good.
22 on a 20.
His laptop battery explodes.
You guys know how to use computers.
Oh, the worst crit fail.
Oh, no.
100.
Somebody is hacking.
As you search through, it seems like you hit some pages.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
So, it seems like you hit some pages that might have existed at one point but no longer
exist.
Clark, you know anything about computers?
No.
That's a younger man's game.
How old are you?
35.
He's an old 35.
I, unfortunately, have zero.
Maybe we should just drive around and see if we see a white Toyota anywhere.
I'm down.
So, the plate not existing doesn't mean we can't put out an APB for the plate on the
car.
That's true.
Very true.
Yeah.
We'll do that.
All points.
Bulletin.
Police work, please roll law.
I put that out so fast.
Me too.
You put out an accurate APB for a white Toyota with the plates that you have seen on this
car in security footage.
What do you want to do next?
I mean, we can still drive around and look for it.
Well.
Or we could go...
We found that...
What, do we have a bunch of other leads to follow or something?
We have this note here that says, the cabin is in the woods stark west from the end of
the trail about two and a half miles signed by Kay.
But when I was riding around with the homeless people yesterday, they were driving down like
a dirt road.
I don't know if you'd call it a trail.
Kathy is the name of the piston wife.
There's some dirt roads and trails around there.
We could walk around in the woods a little bit.
You want to gear up with some of the goodies we got yesterday?
I think we should.
Also, aren't there some woods?
So the piston farm is in the southeast part of town and the far east part of the piston
pig farm is where that trail that the school bus took with Keith Vigna in the back of it.
And it leads off to some old unused country roads back there.
There's also a place called the woods on the map, which is the woods of contention.
It is on the far southwest.
Okay, so let me go back.
Yeah, so we found this note that says the cabin is in the woods stark west from the
end of the trail about two and a half miles.
I know that the woods are down in the southwest part of town.
Would that be that trail you went down the other day with Kathy Piston?
It would not be, because that was over on the southeast side of town.
Well no, it's stark west two and a half miles from the trail.
So if that's the end of her trail...
That could be true.
Let's check it out.
Before we leave, we're on like day three of the chief being missing.
So we would probably put out a bulletin for her now, right?
Did nobody do that?
Drew is like, oh, I've been looking tirelessly.
I already told the city PD to be looking for her.
I yeah.
Good work Drew.
He's not spending all his hours like putting up signs after work.
He is a dedicated civil servant.
We don't deserve him.
Okay.
Should we check that out then?
Somebody push me.
Oh yeah.
Can we give him the four wheeler?
Yeah.
Let's take the four wheeler out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yep.
Awesome.
And we are riding on either like wheel hub with shotguns just like propped up against
our fucking knees.
Yeah.
It looks great.
So you guys start rolling through town.
I take my shirt off.
In December.
No.
You guys ride together.
I take the car and I have the trunk full of all the things we might need.
Hell yeah.
What would those things be?
You know, some of the same.
We'll figure out when we get there.
Sounds good.
Just maybe a quick overview.
Some guns and my drone.
Perfect.
Maybe a grenade.
Just the one.
Just one grenade.
An assortment of guns for any conceivable scenario.
Love it.
I love that.
I'm a pretty easy going game master.
I'm a pretty gentle handler.
Well, I'll say.
I'm a soft handler.
Okay.
So you guys make it out to the woods and you can park at the trailhead or you can actually
park off the side of one of those country roads out there, which is actually closer
to the X on the spot, but then you'll have to go through the woods themselves.
I think we should go on the trip, park next to the trail and then we all ride the four
wheeler down the trail.
Okay.
Okay.
Perfect.
So you guys are riding down the trail.
Guys, take your shoes off.
Keep my shirt on.
I keep it on.
Whatever.
You pass.
I flex a little bit.
Every single time you guys pass a group of people, John Lee Pettymore is flexing up.
Puts his sunglasses down over his head.
Do you normally keep your sunglasses on the back of your head?
John Lee Pettymore absolutely keeps his aviators.
No, his tactical Oakleys.
Yeah, absolutely.
It's not even really bright out today, but they're nice.
Yeah.
So you may get down to the part of the trail where the X is.
Is it called the trail butt or the trail because there's a trail head that starts the trail
tail.
What is the trail tail?
The trail tail.
So you guys get to the trail tail and it is a, it's a really serene view.
It's a slight overlook, but the steepness is not vast.
That doesn't make any fucking sense.
It's just a really nice view.
People come out here all the time.
There's an, there's a bench that sits here and there's a few picnic tables and such around
the area.
People camp out here every once in a while.
There's a few spots for that.
A few fire pits and such around the area.
It's really nice.
Okay.
I whip my phone out and I see where West is.
Let's go that way.
Okay.
Can we take the four wheeler through this?
It's an ATV all terrain vehicle.
It's an all terrain vehicle.
And this.
What's it altering?
This is terrain.
Okay.
Let's, let's guys hop, hop back on and go two and a half miles stark West.
Yeah.
Cue up the ATVs.
Cut back to, uh, 20 minutes ago when I was on a prank phone call with Andy, Jesus Christ.
That was totally.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
Listeners love me.
Honestly.
Pretty good at it.
I always forget.
You got to talk into it.
Yeah.
It smells now.
It's a fart mic.
Yeah.
You did that.
That's for yourself.
That's okay.
That's why it really hurts.
You and no one else.
You come upon a clearing in the midst of the thick woods that is roughly 30 yards wide
and 20 yards deep.
The ground in this clearing is black and covered in rotted chard wood.
Looks like there was a cabin here once I want to go up to the wood and take a peek
around.
Same.
Just kind of milling around in the carnage or the charge.
The Charnage.
I'm going to search.
Let's roll.
I was meaning to ask you guys, uh, when we have the roles that all three of you would
be rolling, I would be all three of you.
I think the mechanic system calls for if it is a check like search where the more people
the better than the person with the best score roles for the group.
And if it's something like stealth where it's everybody needs to be, yeah, well then the
worst person roles for the group.
That's just what the mechanic system is for Delta Green.
Just want to throw that out.
I would, I would say situationally though, if we're like far apart and somebody, well
for sure, but if the three of you were side by side, I like it and that's how we've always
played pretty much right?
Pretty much.
While we've been recording this, I've been far more consumed with making sure the story
is right than whether we're playing the game correctly.
Yeah, you got a lot of names in here, buddy.
There's so many names.
Who has the best search?
Not me.
Not me.
And John, did you pass?
Yes.
As you guys are milling about the area, you would see there, there are no bits of structure
that are still standing.
However, it is very clear that at one point in time there was a cabin here.
It burned down.
The remains have been basically untouched.
No one's been out here since it happened, it looks like, and John, you hear a crack
about 20 yards into the thick of the woods.
So shotgun level, but I'm peering straight in and focusing all my attention on that and
I kind of snap and whistle to the other guys.
What's going on, John?
I hold a finger to my lips and point at where I heard the sound.
When I see that, I go ahead and ready mine and I get my fucking, I should have named
this gun my regular, tiny, super powerful gun.
I kind of start backing like maybe towards some cover, like the ATV or whatever, but
I say, identify yourself, silence, looking into the woods.
You see no movement.
Okay.
I'm going to start walking towards where I heard the sound.
I'm covering, covering him like a, like a good police boy.
I don't know.
Did it sound like a snap twig?
A okay.
Probably just an animal, but I'm going to go check it out.
Are the two of you following behind John?
Should somebody maybe stay behind?
Here, I'll stay behind cause I'm in a wheelchair or actually I'm on an ATV I guess, but I can't
really walk that well.
Yeah.
I would say, yeah, Keith is definitely still just sitting like at the edge.
We are playing a fantasy game.
You're right now.
A centaur.
Keith is definitely like at the edge of the clearing or sitting, sitting on the four wheeler
and boom, you see a man just start running.
He's sprinting back through the woods away from you.
I shout at Keith on the four wheeler and like point to where I saw it and I take off straight
after him.
Can I see the figure?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's out in the open now.
He is running.
It's a tall lanky dude.
No, he's running away from you into the woods.
But he's in the open.
He's just visible.
So you can just see him because he's not hiding anymore.
I want to do my best to go straight at him on the ATV.
You rub, shout and stop.
And if you, if John is taking a beeline to the guy, I'm actually kind of going more toward
where he was hiding originally.
I'm still kind of in pursuit, but taking the path that the guy would have taken.
You know what I mean?
You're going to center ball him for me.
I need, um, I need John and Clark to both roll athletics for me.
Pass.
28 on a 50.
Fail.
67 on a 30.
Okay.
And I need Keith.
He's going to do a literal drive for me.
Oh my god.
I'm fucking 99.
Oh!
Hell yes.
The engine falls out.
Clark as you begin running into the woods, the brush is hitting you and you're trying
to fight through it, but you are not in shape and you are not in a position to be chasing
after someone in this kind of terrain because you're not an all terrain man and you start
falling behind, but you see John ahead of you and he is just fighting through this brush,
just going hard, just running as fast as he can straight towards this guy who's running
away from you.
And you notice Keith flying past you in a four wheeler and smashed directly into a large
tree.
Keith, if you want to roll a D6 for me.
It completely fucks up his other foot.
It's a four.
I need you to take four damage.
Keith, as you drive into the tree, you brace with your feet and your left ankle that is
completely swollen and wrapped probably in a boot snaps and you feel your ankle as you
hear it crunch.
Oh no.
Leasing up my good foot.
John, you're still in pursuit.
Go ahead and roll another athletics check for me.
Are we competing now?
Oh, I failed my roll.
He failed as well.
I rolled 54.
You don't catch up to him at all.
You guys are both still running through, so go ahead and make another roll for me.
Oh, fuck.
100.
Good fail.
Absolutely delightful.
You turn around as you hear a crash from behind you and you see Keith crash into a tree and
as soon as you turn back around, a branch comes out of nowhere.
What's it called?
Clothesline.
Yeah.
You get clotheslined by a pretty hefty branch.
Go ahead and roll a D4 for me.
Three.
Take three damage as you fall flat on your back and the figure runs off into the distance.
I want to try to fire at it if I can.
Take your damage real quick and then roll firearms at negative 40.
Cool.
39 on a...
Adjusted on a 20.
So you fire a couple of times into the woods.
Clark, what do you want to do?
So I'm probably coming up on the ATV at this point.
Yeah.
I'm seeing how I can help that.
I hold my leg up and it's just my foot's just kind of flopping around.
Oh shit.
Oh Keith, can you feel that?
I'm kind of in shock right now.
Yeah, I bet, bud.
I can tell it's going to hurt.
I'm lifting him up and trying to get him onto the ATV.
Yeah, you can pick him up and get him on there.
Maybe you should drive.
I don't know if I...
I'm trying to put him back into the driver's seat.
Get out of here, Keith.
The ATV is now quite wonky as you drive him back.
It's like wobbling.
Yeah.
It's real hard.
Wiggling back and forth.
At the first person we pass back on the trail, John very shamefully puts his shirt back on.
Sad, John.
Before we head out, is there any way we can go to see where he was running and track him?
Yeah, I was going to see if I could find any, if he tore his clothing on anything, especially
where he was hiding.
I was wondering if he had been there for a while.
There's no tracking.
Would that be-
Survival.
Survival?
Man, I didn't think that would be that useful.
Okay.
I pass.
35 on a 60.
Oh, do you have a dope survival?
Awesome.
I do not pass.
I die.
You fail surviving.
Clark, as you look about, you find the exact large branch that had fallen on the ground
that this person had stepped on to make that loud crack.
And it doesn't really, it was kind of behind a pretty big log, which you think he then
immediately hit the ground to hide behind before taking off.
Do I see any-
There are no signs that he was there for some time or anything.
Racking our memories.
Does this guy share a frame or any physical characteristics with anybody we know from
town?
I think based on how shitty all those roles were, you guys were just in the panic mode
and had-
We might have been chasing our own shadows for all we know.
You saw a flash of human.
Dude, good band name.
Flash of human?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, man.
In World, flash of human is Johnny Paymore's favorite band.
They were his mom's favorite band.
What do you think that fella was watching us for?
I don't know if he was watching us or if we spooked him.
Why do you-
Why was he out here though?
I'm starting to think something funny is going on in contention.
Yeah, you guys could have gotten some information there.
Yeah.
Fuck.
I don't know about you guys, but this to me seems like perhaps a seriously blown opportunity.
Yup.
Yeah, you guys really fucked that up.
Oh, that sucks.
Well, let's go check out that orphanage I guess.
You ever feel like you're just throwing the dice in life and it's not coming up?
If the guy had kept running in a straight line, would I know where he would potentially
come out?
That's what I thought we were tracking him for, right?
Yeah, and based on that, the woods, quote unquote, is an extremely large area, but it
is-
Get your drone out.
Yes.
Good idea.
It is surrounded-
Fuck you, Game Master.
Bye.
It is surrounded by roads.
Great.
Great idea, Keith.
Yeah.
And I'm good.
Of where?
In his backpack.
It was in my backpack.
No, it wasn't.
It's the ATV's little buddy.
The ATV still drives though, right?
It's just wonky.
It's just wonky.
Let's get back-
As quick as possible back to there.
Who's driving the ATV?
Not me.
I'll drive.
I've got a good drive.
I did just get fucked up.
Yeah.
Drive at negative 20 for me.
Nice.
Oh.
Perhaps out of anger at his recent failures, perhaps out of just a desire to prove something
to his dead daddy.
I don't know what inspires John Boehner's foot or John Lee Pennymore.
Whoops.
I mean.
Jesus, Thomas.
Either way, nobody has ever driven an ATV down a dirt track better than you see an ATV
driven right the fuck now.
It's not like a one, but it is a six.
Okay.
Yeah.
You drive rather quickly back to the trailhead and make it to your cruiser, which has the
drone in the back.
I pop that sucker out.
I set the little screen on the trunk and I start flying that bad boy.
Okay.
Go ahead and roll computer science for me.
Damn it.
I've got zero on that.
Here.
How about you-
No.
I'll give it.
I can give it a try.
I think Clark is going to give it a go for a minute.
Well, yeah.
I mean-
Before, as you're driving it, the two of you are watching his screen.
I am very determined and clear headed as I guide it upward about 10 feet.
It's above us.
We're all looking at it and then it just falls.
Doesn't do anything.
Go ahead and make a roll for me.
Yeah.
He has zero.
44.
Fuck.
Yeah.
That's a crit fail.
Wait, wait, wait.
Okay.
But how can he even roll with zero?
All he can do is-
To see whether he crit failed is literally why I had him roll.
Can you roll on a skill you don't have though?
Because you could crit fail instead of just fail.
I had Luke do the same thing on forensics, I think.
I think maybe there's a base of 20 on that or something.
No, there's a zero.
Yeah.
Okay.
So it adds up.
I've done this before.
Clark, as you begin flying the drone above you, you lose control of it and it dips down
and- I'm going to roll real quick.
Off my list.
My D20 with a list of possible outcomes for a drone failure.
Clark, the drone out of your control, but technically in your control comes flying directly
at you.
And I try and dodge it.
Go ahead and roll dodge for me.
Fail.
It hits you directly in the chest.
Oh, in the chest?
Yeah.
Now, guys, I don't actually know anything about drones based on what you've been imagining.
How bad would this hurt?
Probably pretty fucking.
I'm imagining a pretty medium to large sized drone.
If it's going speedily, it probably doesn't feel great.
Okay, go ahead and roll a D4 for me.
Four.
Yeah, you lose four damage.
Like it shatters his collarbone.
I'm looking up, here's what happens when a drone-
It knocks you to the ground and cuts you up in the chest.
And you get knocked to the ground and one of its propellers is caught in your uniform.
Oh, fuck.
We just watched a video where drone blades flew into pig flesh.
Let's see.
Did it go into it?
It didn't cut it up, but it stabbed a good three inches.
That's also an unshielded blade though.
Yeah.
Okay.
Which these are all pretty much contained.
That's true, actually.
At least surrounded.
Yeah.
And it broke off inside of it, too.
Oh, damn.
I will say it cut your chest up pretty bad and knocked you back to the ground.
And the drone falls to the ground next to you on the ground.
You would all see that the propellers are massively screwed up.
And being a cop is hard.
Fuck.
Dude, are you- Here, I want to first aid him.
Oh, okay.
We got a 61 on a 60.
Luke off mic just shook his head and looked at Joe and shrugged his head.
Luke, you go looking through the police cruiser for-
Keith.
Keith, you go looking through the police cruiser- Thank you.
... for a first aid kit of some sort and you guys did not bring one with you today.
It's bizarre because normally there's one already in there.
We had to make room for the guns.
Some drunk cut his forehead open in the back and we had to patch him up and forgot to resupply.
That's usually Tim's job.
I'd pull off my uniform- Hell, yeah.
... and then tie it around me very bra-like around my chest.
That's incredible.
What do you guys want to do now?
Oh, man.
That you have failed literally everything?
Well, I'd like to try to fly the drone if it's not broken.
It is in such disrepair that flying it would be extremely difficult.
I've got drone repair.
That's super handy.
In this edition, it's repair drone.
Oh, man, guys- Yeah, Keith starts crying because of his failures
and because my leg is starting to hurt extremely bad.
Yeah.
I'm going to go to the- John starts crying too.
I'm going to go to the hospital the second day in a row.
For the same foot.
The camera pans out and begins to lift on the scene and does an aerial shot-
A well executed drone shot.
A beautifully executed drone shot of the three of you sitting on the ground next to the police
cruiser all crying.
I got to call my mom.
Can we take a break?
Yeah, we can take a break.
Oh, God.
Jesus Christ.
Oh, my God.
That was amazing.
That was the most Three Stooges things I think we've ever done.
We were hitting branches and flying drones into us.
I just dropped straight on the first tree.
We literally just were knocking ourselves out.
So what the fuck do we do now?
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Greetings, my greasy grandkids.
It's your grease granddad Wolf, the dog, and I'm here to let you all know that you can
support this show and help it grow with some of that hard-earned dough.
Yeah, you know that rhyme was so nice, I said it twice and make sure you go over to patreon.com
slash pretending pod.
The link is in the damn show notes, babies.
Thanks for listening, my bacon buddies.
