What is up my people, it is your friendly neighborhood DJ Wolf the dog.
As always we are coming at you live and uncut from 694.2 PTPP contentions latest and greatest
radio station.
Wolf is here with some hot scoops of news.
Now the county said that the body from the junkyard had the organs of someone who died
200 years ago but the skin and hair of someone who died yesterday.
Somebody get Ripley's Believe It or Not on the line because that is some unbelievable
shit.
Charles, a drunk man and friend of the missing John Peters went to the police station to
get answers before pulling a gun and running away upon hearing the sound of a car crash
in the parking lot.
Sounds like it is about to hit the fan and the it is shit my babies.
Kathy Piston shot Keith Vigna in the foot.
He snooped around her property until trying to stow away on her school bus full of homeless
folks.
He heard himself falling from the emergency hatch in the back.
Now sounds like that's what you get for being a damn snoop.
Now John Lee Patymore seems to believe some hooded robot man gave him a message.
Now we've all had a dream like that before am I right fellas.
Now about that crash.
Seems to have been a stolen black SUV t-boning George Piston's truck while it was parked
in the police station lot.
Now how drunk you gotta be to hit a parked car?
Now I want y'all to tell your mama, tell your papa, there's a new band in town and it is
kudzu with no backbone.
Keith Vigna give me a drive roll at a minus 20.
Hell yeah I love that.
Oh I passed a 13 on a 20.
You come sliding out drift style into the county road that the black SUV is on and you
are immediately in pursuit alongside two other police cruisers and the black SUV is taking
off and takes a left into the entrance for the water park splashylvania.
So you guys pull up to the entrance of the vampire themed water park and see a large
wooden sign that reads splashylvania in all caps above a cartooned vampire wearing floral
swimming trunks and riding a surfboard.
A caption bubble extends from the summertime villain's mouth that says you'll want to splash
your buds.
And below this delightful signage is a black SUV that is crashed into the turnstiles at
the entrance.
What do you guys want to do?
Can we tell if it is occupied?
Doors on the left side on the driver's side are both open and there seems to be no one
in the SUV.
I want to pull up and check out what's inside of the SUV.
I'd pull up in a like whatever the formation would be to keep the car pinned if it were
to suddenly back up.
Awesome.
Same.
Approaching the black SUV when you look inside there doesn't seem to be much in it.
It's a pretty clean car.
There are no people inside this black SUV.
But there's animals and things?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tons of animals.
There's squirrels everywhere.
And a dragon.
Objects.
There's no people.
There's a dragon.
Roll initiative.
There's some paper towels.
Dragons are spooky.
Thanks mom.
Thanks mom.
Thanks mom.
So walking into the empty park you see signs for a couple different rides.
There is the Two Fanged Plunge, Holy Water Falls, and a ride called The Stake, which
is a log flume ride but the front of the boat is sharpened and at the bottom of the ride's
steep drop there is a massive ornate heart the riders float through.
Awesome.
That's badass.
Yeah, I mean I know we're here to do a job but I fucking love the Stake.
Go ahead and roll alertness for me.
Quit fail.
I pass.
47 on a 70.
Pass with 4.
I got an 88.
Nice.
Alright, so John and Clark, the two of you see all the villains while Keith walks over
his shoelaces.
Oh wait.
Yeah, if you want to describe what you're doing.
Well, I'm going to switch out the dice first off.
Second off, yeah, I got shot in the foot and so I'm going to hop it on one leg.
God damn.
Kathy shot me in the foot.
Why?
Oh, I have a lot to tell you.
Can it wait?
It can wait but it's pretty important but I'll let you know later.
Well, I guess Clark and I will pursue on foot but...
I'll hop behind.
Okay, so the two of you would see across the park, it's a really small water park, but
across it you see standing atop the two-fanged plunge is Julie Maxwell in a hospital gown
with a terrified Leo piston kneeling in front of her.
Leo is kneeling at the top of the water slide where a rider would wait impatiently for a
tanned teen to give them the green light and Julie Maxwell cackles into the night sky and
screeches the world is not our own and little else matters except for the black shiny devil
and the underground temple from which it shall rise but if there's a tiny chance that justice
matters then my sister deserves this fat fuck to bleed out and die and she fires and you
see a spray of red explode out of Leo piston's stomach and his body slumps forward and begins
sliding down the steep yellow slide, a streak of red trailing, his flinching body roll sanity.
I failed.
I passed with a one.
Is that?
Oh, that's a crit.
Yeah, yeah.
I passed with a six.
That means everyone who's your friend gains one.
No, I failed.
Okay, so if you succeed, you lose no sanity.
If you failed, you lose one sanity.
What do you guys do?
Open fire on Julie.
I think that's what...
She just shot a dude.
I think she's going down.
Yeah.
Okay.
Roll firearms, everybody.
21.
On a 60.
Holy fuck.
I rolled a one again.
Oh my God.
Holy shit.
Before any of us get our guns out, Clark has just shot her right through the eye.
Yeah.
Do you want to narrate it or...
I mean, it's that.
As soon as that blood spray hits, I'm already efficiently out, gun drawn with a pistol from
this far away.
Yeah.
Just took a luck shot and nailed her.
Went right through her left eye and the back of her head just explodes through.
A reflex.
Clark, obviously, any loss of life is regrettable and not what we want, but that's not the outcome
we desire, but that was tight as fuck.
The body of Julie Maxwell also falls onto the slide and begins sliding down the two-fanged
point.
Oh no.
And as her body slides to the bottom of the slide where Leo Piston's body also sits, you
see the bodies of both Julie Maxwell and Leo Piston are picked up and slammed into
the ground repeatedly and at an absurd rate by some unseen force.
And then, as if they were never there at all, their bodies are gone.
Roll Sanity.
Crit success.
Nice.
Fail.
I pass.
I don't know how though.
Yeah, no.
That was honestly one of the most, just Terry and you say that, was one of the more fucked
up things I've heard in Delta Green.
I don't know how to explain being okay with seeing that.
Exactly.
Visualizing that, there's no way you come out of that all right.
John Lee Pettymore, you are going to lose one sanity, but gain some terrifying insight.
And who failed?
I did.
Keith Wigner failed.
Clark.
Just a regular pass.
So, Clark, you were going to roll one D4 and you lose four sanity.
Keith Wigner, I need you to roll a D4 as well.
One.
One plus four is five and you lose five sanity.
I need Joe and Thomas to leave the room.
No.
Get the fuck out.
Luke?
Who?
Luke?
Who?
Keith Wigner.
Covering the ground where Julie Maxwell and Leo Piston's bodies just existed, there is
now black, shiny, viscous sludge.
Seemingly inside this muck is the thrashing bodies of Julie Maxwell and Leo Piston.
Their hands reach out, trying to escape this thing that has trapped them, but their struggle
does not last long.
Their limbs seem to fold into this ooze, becoming one with the sentient mass of goop that is
now sliding across the ground toward you.
What do you do?
I hop away.
I forgot your fucking name.
Okay.
Perfect.
I literally 180 and just start pogo sticking my way towards my car.
Okay.
Do you say anything to the other two?
I just, I scream at the top of my lungs.
We'll wait for them to come back.
Keith Wigner, if you would like to describe your actions.
And I run off.
I hop off.
He begins hopping as fast as he can in the opposite direction.
Did he just Wile E. Coyote out here?
That's never, I mean, that's aside, that's the Wile E. Coyote sound.
I've never seen a one footed man move so quickly.
Well, it seems like Keith might need a mental health day, Clark.
So he takes off running, screaming, hopping, hopping, hopping, screaming.
I'm probably still a little bit in shock that I just shot and killed her and then saw that
crazy shit.
I don't know if I even notice him running off.
I cautiously approached the pool where they landed.
Yeah, I'm with him.
Did anything fall out of their pockets while their bodies were being?
Is there gore on the sidewalk?
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Blood and viscera is sitting at the bottom of where like the pool of water that you splash
into at the bottom of a water slide is, there's now a pool of blood.
Jesus.
Well, it's not great.
What the, what the fuck?
You ever, you ever, you ever seen anything like that before?
Yes.
I'm sorry.
No.
Where'd, where'd the bodies go?
Your guess is as good as mine, Clark.
I look up.
Listen, frankly, none of this seemed too weird to me.
I've inexplicably kept a cool and level head throughout all this.
John, I think you were rationalizing in your head a way for this to be, well, some air
currents came up from the, uh, the subterranean waterways underneath the park.
They got caught, uh, you know, above a great kind of like, you know, Marilyn Monroe's
score score score, Marilyn Monroe's skirt, how it got thrown up in the air by that.
Yeah.
By that old great.
I think something like that happened here repeatedly with two bodies.
That makes sense.
Of course.
It makes sense.
Yeah.
Looking back, you guys see Keith is still hopping as fast as he can and he is finally
bouncing dot in the distance.
He's, he's, he's out of the spot by now.
I holler.
Hey Keith!
Hey Keith!
No!
Do you guys not see that shit?
Uh, what do, uh, what do you guys do?
That's a good question.
I think we call, let's just jump right back into some like real low key investigation.
The FBI.
Yeah.
Well, this is a pickle.
I'm going to follow up on that weird camera.
You got it.
You got everything here.
Is there a way to call the president?
As you guys walk back to your police cruisers, uh, the SUV is still sitting there.
And John, as you, um, as you get to your car, uh, you notice that real quick, we shut the
water park down for the day.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
And you're probably going to call Tim and have him come out.
I think this is definitely federal.
You want me to go higher?
It's Ray.
It's Ray.
No, it's always been Tim.
Yeah.
Ray.
As far as I recall, it's always been Tim.
Yeah.
The guy who does all the stuff for you, like.
That's Tim?
Yeah.
He's Tim now.
Well, it's always been Tim.
It's always been Tim.
Of course it has.
Yes, it always has been.
Cool.
Glad we're all on the same page.
I'm sitting in my cruiser, just like ghost white, staring ahead, sweating.
Have you sought medical attention for your foot yet?
Okay guys, I got to go over a few things with you before we part ways.
Are you leaving the force?
So maybe after today.
So my foot, I probably do need to get this looked at.
Kathy shot me as I was Kathy piston, George's wife.
As I was approaching the house, I thought that they were all, they were gone, but she
was still there.
She shot me in the foot, not realizing it was me.
I went into the farmhouse.
She wrapped my foot up for the time being.
It's okay, but it hurts real bad and I'll probably bleed through these bandages pretty
quick.
But anyway, after she shot me and wrapped me up, she gave me some coffee and then her
alarm went off and she had, she just left.
And so I snooped around, I looked through the farmhouse.
I looked through the small farmhouse that was there that Leo lives in and the barn and
I didn't find anything in any of those classic vigna.
As I was walking to the second house, I saw the big warehouse that they have where all
the pigs are.
I saw that door was open and I saw it close.
And so after I looked in the barn, there were some school buses parked next to the warehouse
and I snuck into one of those school buses to see who came out of the warehouse.
I assumed it was Kathy.
She and about a hundred homeless people got on the bus that I was on, crammed in there
and started driving off.
I freaked out.
I opened up the back door, fell out of it and hopped my way back to the cruiser.
And that's when I ran into you guys.
Holy shit.
Yeah.
It seemed like, Oh wow.
Were they talking?
I was more concerned with not being on that bus anymore because Kathy didn't seem to really
want me around.
Also, I told her I had a warrant, which she, she believed.
So I don't think we're gonna have to deal with that anytime soon.
How do you know they were homeless?
Oh yeah.
Oh, they were, they were homeless.
They weren't wearing suits.
They weren't.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, it didn't smell like pig shit, but it didn't smell not like big shit.
So yeah.
The immediate thought of get me the hell off this bus.
And then as soon as I fell out of the bus, I thought, well, maybe I should have stayed
to see where they were going, but they didn't seem to notice me.
I was hiding in the back.
And so yeah, I hopped my way back to the cruiser and here we are also, uh, did you guys not
see what I saw in there?
Well, John's got to get theory on that.
It was currents of air from the underground.
That's a, that's a great theory, but I saw black viscous goo with Leo and, and Julie
trying to crawl out of it until it sucked them in and, and they disappeared.
You been trying any mushrooms?
I haven't, but I probably lost a lot of blood.
I put my hand to his forehead and feeling for fever.
Ice cold.
He's hallucinating.
I swear to God.
That's why I screamed and hopped off guys.
You didn't see that?
No, no.
Oh God.
I saw a very explainable natural phenomenon that happens all the time.
I got a theory.
I got a theory here.
You know how, uh, that body we've originally found was blunt force trauma on the, on one
side.
That shit that happened to them probably happened to happen to her or it, whatever that body
was.
I understand that there have been two incidences of airborne.
We need to investigate underground air flow.
Perhaps no one is safe.
When I was getting set up back at the station for an interview, we got a call in from the
medical examiner about that body out there in the junkyard.
It's real weird.
I opened my car door and just throw up out of the side of it and then continue listening
to you.
The sides of it were that of a body that's been dead for a hundred, 200 years, 200 years,
but the skin and hair was deceased as of December 1st yet another perfectly explainable.
I just figured they did something wrong in the testing that, or, but honestly you see
it all the time.
Ancient innards.
It just happens to some folks.
You get all rotted in there because of your lifestyle choice.
I think something is up that we alcohol, which we have never seen before tobacco.
So I need to go to the hospital.
Did one of you guys hear the stuff that Julie was saying up there?
Yeah, I got it down pretty well.
It sounded something like this.
Oh shit.
Oh, Google docs.
Where are you at?
No, this is not what it, no, that's not ringing any bells.
You would remember her so clearly.
The world is not our own and little else matters except for the black shiny devil and
the underground temple from which it shall rise.
But if there's a tiny chance that justice matters, then my sister deserves this fat
fuck to bleed out and die.
This seems pretty shut and dry to me.
You remember that Polaroid you found that had a shiny black thing in it.
And according to Vigna, like shiny black goo, slam these people into the ground.
So I think you're just drawn at straws here.
That seems entirely coincidental.
The world is, the world is full of black goos.
There's oil, there's dark soup, there's yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dark, dark soup.
You're writing this off too quickly.
No, it was dark soup.
He's right.
So as, as you bring up the camera, you were kind of standing in between Vigna's cruiser
and your own and you kind of take a look into yours and the camera that you found in Joey
Maxwell's car, which is in the back of your police cruiser, obviously that red light is
no longer on, but the green light is.
It's turn.
I'd like to inspect the camera.
Has it taken a picture or no, the only thing that's different is that it's green light
instead of red light.
Yeah.
I want to look through it and then I also, I want to feed it a blank Polaroid.
Let's see if we'll take a shot.
So it's actually got the paper like already internally in it.
Cool.
I'd take a picture.
Okay.
Of the water.
What was it?
Two fangs?
That was the steak.
No, no, no.
I thought that's where they, she plunged off two fangs.
Okay.
One went down one thing.
The other went down the other.
Yeah.
Real fast.
Well, I was going to say, does, do any of our cruisers have dash cams or confessionals?
You would have dash cams for sure.
Yeah.
I'm getting into my cruiser and trying to pull up the footage of what all just happened.
So you wouldn't be able to actually see, well, luck, real luck pass.
You would get a very, very slight far away view.
You would see the death of Julie Maxwell as well as the death of Leo piston.
Great shot.
Um, and then you would probably, I feel like the, the shot would be obfuscated.
Is that the word obfuscated?
Yeah, obfuscated by attractions and signage of all sorts, but you would see on the camera
their bodies at the top peak moving around.
Cool.
So John, you walk back with the camera to the two fangs, you hold the camera up and
the viewfinder looks very normal.
You see what you see.
When you click in to take a picture, there is an extremely bright flash that is almost
blinding and as your vision comes back into focus, you see a piece of paper being smoothly
printed out of the bottom of this device.
I'm briefly reminded of reports of brilliant flashes of light coming out of John Peter's
house.
Roll sanity.
Ooh.
87.
Fuck yeah.
Roll a D six.
Oh, you're going to do me like that.
Four.
Lose four sanity.
You're starting to.
I believe.
You're starting to lose it a little bit.
The picture shows a short balding man with large eyes and a tiny nose.
He is bent over head and hands and stocks that are a shiny black material and fool is
branded into his forehead.
You see an inky black substance all over your hands and dripping onto the ground from the
camera and the picture.
It is pooling on the ground and you could swear it is moving.
When you blink, the substance is gone.
Your hands are clean and you're holding this odd device and this even otter picture.
Let's go ahead and get them back.
Hey, I'm going to talk to them first.
No, I'm going to talk to them first.
Okay.
Sorry.
Hey, how are you doing?
Howdy.
Proceed.
Don't don't.
And Clark, the two of you see an extremely bright flash of light coming from where John
is standing.
I look at Clark.
What the hell was that?
He was taking a picture.
It's the flash of a camera.
It was bigger than a regular flash of a camera.
I don't know what kind of camera you're using.
I guess it was kind of bright.
Is the gate, is the entrance to, uh, is the entrance to, can I fit my cruiser inside of
the water park?
I get out of my car.
John, you get that picture?
John doesn't answer.
He's just kind of staring at a picture in his hands and like the ground around him.
I go walking up.
I'm going to hop out with him too.
Nice.
I think you might want to help Keith.
I'll do that.
I'll go and.
Yeah.
I put my arm around him and three three legged race it.
John.
John, what you got?
I'm not rightly sure.
I look over his shoulder or whatever he's looking at.
I pass him the picture and I look at it with him.
I cover Keith's eyes.
The picture shows a short balding man with large eyes and a tiny nose.
He is bent over head and hands and stocks that are a shiny black material and fool is
branded into his forehead.
Did you say in stocks?
Like he's hanging?
It was like just directly in front of me, right?
Like where I took the picture.
Like did you just aim it right ahead of you or did you, what do you, the picture's like
super zoomed in seeming you don't really see much around.
I'm like reaching out in front of me.
I'm waving my hand out in front too.
You feel nothing.
You feel the air.
There's not a man there.
John, did you see anything looking through the viewfinder real quick?
The two of you, uh, could you roll sanity for me at seeing this picture?
I pass with a nine.
I hit a snow.
I'm sorry.
I failed.
Totally.
Keith is fine.
And Clark, you lose one sanity.
Keith.
You're probably thinking this isn't a camera.
Maybe it's like a printer of some kind, dude.
This might not be a camera.
It might be like a printer of some kind from a different, well, this sounds crazy, but
like a different dimension.
Now you do sound crazy.
I'm sorry.
What kind of, I lost a lot of blood.
Tell me a little bit about that black goo you saw.
It was like viscous black goo.
They were crawling out of it and it sucked them in and then it, and then I ran away.
Well, three unrelated incidences of black goo are probably just coincidence, but I am
starting to come around to the notion that maybe something strange is happening in contention.
In the picture of the guy in the stocks, is there signs of the water park behind him?
Uh, no, it's really zoomed in.
Oh shit.
You really add the whole back is, is blurry and such.
Uh, John just got a text and when he reads it, Hey God, so I haven't told you, um, when
I went to the hospital, a madman jumped out at me, possibly a man, possibly mechanical,
but he did.
Uh, he gave me a note in binary.
I had, uh, had drew take a look at that.
I think, uh, I think something's going on.
All right.
Here, here's what it says.
The binary, it translates to I killed the cheese pops, John.
John?
That's me.
That's what happened to cheese dad, but death.
What did this guy look like?
He was wearing a hood and he was real scraggly.
You couldn't see his face.
And you know what?
Come to think of it, I don't think I even caught the feller's face.
Does the note look like it's to John or signed by John because John Peters is our missing
man also.
It looks like it's to me.
Cool.
I killed the cheese pops, comma John, not I killed the cheese pops, signed John.
It's addressed to John.
Gotcha.
Fun thing.
Can you guys roll intelligence for me pass pass fail Clark.
You'd still be holding this picture that John just handed you.
You're remembering this face.
It's obviously a little different now and it's got fool branded into its forehead, but
you're pretty sure that's John Peters.
Hey fellas, what's up this year picture.
I think, I think this picture is John, John Peters, our guy who's missing.
God, you're right.
Let me take a look.
I pass it over.
This is the same guy from those pictures in John's house.
What the hell boys.
Is that green light still on the camera or is it red again?
It's red.
John Peters cursed this devil camera, cursed this haunted water park.
You remember that body in the junkyard, it had, what was it branded with?
This is a fool.
Right?
Yeah, this thing does not like fools.
We got some fools on our hands.
Oh God, guys.
Somebody don't like fools.
It's the BM.
We just need to find out what a fool believes.
Cut in that music.
We'll get those rights.
Yup.
We can definitely afford it.
Call out the dude.
Call out the dude.
I need to get to the hospital.
Oh shit.
Yeah, you're right.
I think I can get myself there, but I'll go with you.
All right.
Yes, I'll stay behind and try to put together this tangled web of mysteries that are certainly
not currently swamping the resources of this small.
While we're at the hospital, maybe we should see if we can get some security footage and
see if we can't find out what the hooded figure guy came from or what he looks like.
What was the hooded figure thing?
The one that handed him the note.
He jumped out of me.
Oh, right, right.
Are you going to the city?
Which one did you go to?
There's a clinic in contention, like in urgent care.
That's where I would go.
Yeah.
Okay, so that was the end of the day basically.
Well, it seems like we've done all we can do today.
I'm going to take an overnight here at the hospital.
Why don't we all just hit the hay, get a good nine or 10, and come back with fresh, yeah.
We took him to the clinic and he's okay?
Yes.
Did I regain any health points?
Can you roll to see if he loses the foot?
Be hilarious if I did.
You don't regain any health.
Okay, but I have a foot?
You do.
Can I walk on it well or no?
No, it's still sprained pretty badly.
But I got crutches or a wheelchair.
Which do you want?
I want a wheelchair.
You've got a wheelchair.
Hell yeah.
That's going to prove problematic.
Okay, I guess we'll just leave you here, Keith.
I mean, I can still get up out of it, you know.
Yeah, but without crutches.
It's a real souped up jazzy.
It's like the one that they had at the clinic.
Yeah, yeah, it's super old.
We just find you a couple of real long sticks.
Cool.
Just in case.
It's just you and me now.
Finally, we can tell the mic what we can't tell the world.
What we can't tell ourselves.
What we never dare admit.
But what we know is true.
So you're sleeping and you're reliving the moment when you saw the black sludge on your
hands and dripping from the odd camera and picture.
Your perception changes and you're out of your body, looking at yourself, staring intently
at your hands.
You see there's the same viscous muck dripping from your eyes and nostrils as you wake up
in bed.
Yeah, I can't really get back to sleep after that, so I just say some like very abusive
things to whichever teenagers are playing Call of Duty at this time of night.
I really like, I'm being a dick over voice chat.
Are you good at Call of Duty?
I think he's pretty good.
I think he's probably pretty good.
Yeah.
I think he's put in some hours.
Yeah.
All right, go ahead and grab Luke.
Hey you.
Keith Vigna.
Oh boy.
Shit.
Hey Luke.
Hey.
Keith.
Hey Luke.
Hey.
Keith, your eyes open and you see a woman standing before you in your bedroom.
She's wearing old timey clothing and she stares angrily at you.
She lunges toward you, picking you up and throwing you to the ground.
You fall into the floor of your bedroom and then you wake up in bed.
I rub my eyes and I look around the room and wonder if that was real or not.
But I have seen enough shit that I think it is.
There's no one in your room.
What time is it?
Three in the morning.
I'm going to get up and look around my house.
Just do a quick sweep.
Nothing?
Nothing.
I'm going to lay back down but probably have some trouble falling asleep.
Probably so.
You want to grab Joe for me?
Yep.
Clark, you go to bed that night, you crack open your TV dinner.
It's a Salisbury steak tonight.
Oh.
He was looking forward to it.
Gross.
And you're watching Wheel of Fortune and then you see a man underneath you and you're not
on your couch.
The man underneath you is struggling to breathe as you tighten your grip around his neck.
You look up after the life leaves his eyes and see an empty dark alleyway as you wake
up on the couch with infomercials playing on your TV.
Oh, what the hell was that?
Yeah.
Yeah, you probably clean up, try to go to sleep.
Yeah, go to the bedroom.
Sounds good.
Okay, so you guys get up and you meet at the police station around the normal time.
11, 11.30.
Eight o'clock for Clark.
You know when crime starts.
Eight o'clock for Clark Bishop.
A little bit later for the other two probably.
I think today I get there on time because I didn't really go to sleep last night.
Gotcha.
I get there late but for the same reason.
Drew seems to be in pretty low spirits after the events of the past two days.
Today is December 3rd.
Been two days since all this crazy stuff has started.
How'd you sleep last night, Clark?
I mean I had some nightmares.
I think everybody's gonna have some.
Yeah, well what, along what lines?
After what we saw.
What happened?
Oh, I saw a dark alley.
It was just real spooky.
Yeah, I had a dream that like an old time lady picked me up and threw me through my
floor.
Yeah, it was really scary.
Do we really need to hear about your fucked up sexual fantasies?
Did you have any fucked up sexual fantasies last night?
He like wipes at his eyes like without really thinking about it and says no.
Okay, must just be the two of us then.
I mean yeah, you see anything as violent as what happened last night, you're gonna think
about it.
Some weird dream.
Your body's just trying to process what you've gone through.
That's all it is.
Drew, have you heard from Maggie, or Officer Cook?
Captain Cook?
Chief Cook?
No, I've called the Chief quite a few times, but I haven't been able to get a hold of her.
Could you call her dad?
Yeah, hey Drew buddy.
We kind of forgot to mention her dad might be dead, if you could look into that.
The Chief's father?
Yeah, Pops.
Okay, yeah, I'll look into it.
Great.
You didn't do it right?
Just playing.
John's eyes narrow a little bit though as he looks at Drew.
Doing a role he meant.
Crit success.
He's so scared that you might be serious.
John knows that and revels in it a little bit.
You guys have never really been on great terms, and so he's like ugh.
John's not a great guy.
No shit.
Okay, I'm thinking I kind of want to follow up on this whole, the homeless people at the
Pistons house and their warehouse.
I don't know if we should go ask them about that, or if we should just do a little investigating.
We saw Leo Piston die last night.
That is true.
Maybe we should leave him alone.
That probably closes that thread.
I feel like we should maybe try to figure out some more stuff before we talk to the
Pistons.
Right, maybe we'll have some cool down.
Look at all those homeless people.
There's only 5,000 folks in this whole town.
Has anyone notified the Pistons about Leo?
I haven't, and I don't know if we should just yet.
It would be probably strange for you guys to confront George and Kathy with the death
of George's brother without a body.
There is a pool full of his gore.
Let's just leave it be for now.
Take him to there.
Yeah, here's what.
There's a little bit of a scalp.
Here's what I'm thinking.
That last picture we saw was of John Peters, so maybe we should go back to that case and
see what happened to him.
Honestly, the branding, the stocks, I think we've got some kind of deviant sex cult on
our hands just fucking degrading this town, this town, each other, this town, our values,
faces.
Should we go back to John Peters' house, or what do you, I don't even know what strings
to pull.
John pulls out the keys.
I had a hunch that these might be a storage unit on these G numbers here.
There's a note on your desk, John, that the storage unit that these keys are likely for
is called A Plus Storage.
They're the only storage units in town that have a G building.
I'll ride with one of you guys, because it feels real bad, but I got a wheelchair I can
fold up and throw in the back of your cruiser.
That's those cool sticks we found.
Yeah, they were all out of the clinic.
Yeah, they've had shortages on crutches.
I took one of the wheelchairs, so I'll throw that in the back of your cruiser and ride
with you, Clark.
Yeah, that's fine with me.
Cool.
I'm gonna wheel myself over to outside.
You guys roll up to A Plus Storage, and there's a small parking lot with a gate, and there's
a small house looking kind of thing to the right with a front door.
It's a small, probably one-room building.
Their open sign is on.
Okay, what units are these?
What are the numbers on those?
G units.
Which G units are they?
10 through 12.
10 through 12.
Let's go check them out.
Let's start with 10.
Yeah.
What if we all open one, and we open them all at the same time?
I honestly was thinking about that.
Yeah, sure.
Why not?
Don't they come in different sizes?
These are all the ones that are probably 10 foot by 10 foot.
Nice.
From what you can tell.
I can't open one up right now.
I'm gonna sit at my wheelchair and watch you guys open them up.
Yeah, it'd probably be way easier for me to describe it one at a time.
I would actually, if you could lay down the descriptions of each one and then play them
simultaneously.
At the same time.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
We'll get it in post.
We'll wait.
Okay, let's start with 10.
You open up G10.
G10 is filled with crates that are stacked three high.
There is also a pallet on which is sitting a large cube shaped object covered in so much
plastic wrap that its contents are obfuscated.
Each crate is wooden and stamped US Military in all caps on the side.
Inside these crates are guns, ammunition, and heavy weaponry.
This includes pistols, shotguns, rifles, a shoulder mounted anti-aircraft weapon, an
EMP rifle, a grappling gun, a small gun that shoots tracers, lots of grenades, and a few
other items.
Well, this could be the locker of any honest citizen in contention.
You can each come up with anything that you want to be in here in one of these crates
and if you roll for luck and I approve it, then it's in one of the crates.
Okay, cool.
Oh shit.
I want all the things you already said.
Those are already there.
Holy shit.
What the fuck?
Who's got the best, what are our firearms?
You guys each get to come up with one and each roll luck.
Okay.
I don't know what to wish for.
Like a bad ass shotgun, a sniper rifle.
Well, I feel like those are already in there.
I know.
Wasn't that all?
There were shotguns.
There doesn't seem to be a sniper rifle.
So that could be one.
So sniper rifle, there wasn't anti-aircraft and there's an EMP rifle?
There's an EMP rifle, yeah.
Well, that's actually going to come in handy because I do think we're dealing with some
robots.
Do you want to go ahead and roll luck, Thomas, for a sniper rifle?
No.
I want something bigger.
Something more spectacular.
Hey, is there a tank in here under all these crates?
Hey, is there a tank in here?
Is there anything not guns that could be like a nice vision goggles?
It's just one really sweet vintage cotton candy machine.
I mean, it can be anything, guys.
I want that gun from Men in Black, the little tiny one.
The mighty cricket?
Yeah.
Oh, sorry.
Noisy cricket.
We all want noisy crickets.
Too late.
Okay.
Noisy crickets, please.
Does it have to exist on earth?
Tiny powerful guns.
I mean, that's all that is.
I want to roll for a super tiny powerful gun.
Okay.
No, regular tiny super powerful.
Okay.
Go ahead and roll luck.
20.
You find a very tiny, very powerful gun.
Hell yeah.
What about a really sophisticated in-ear communication pieces?
Oh, I hate that.
Yeah.
That might be too game-breaking.
We've already got radios.
We've got radios.
We've got cell phones.
I just thought it would be if we were sneaking around, we could use them.
They like read your thoughts and send them to the other players.
Okay.
These aren't like unnatural items.
These are just crazy technological items.
That's my luck roll, by the way.
I'm randomly rolling.
Thomas just rolled an odd one.
Wait.
Can I change mine?
No.
Oh, fuck.
Give your idea to someone else.
Well, I wanted a really cool wheelchair.
Can I please?
You can convince one of them to do it.
Guys, if one of you wants my really powerful tiny gun, you could get like guns.
You want a turret mounted wheelchair?
I don't know about that.
I want a gigantic fucking 50 cal sniper rifle, the kind that can take down helicopters and
like large trucks.
Roll for it.
Yeah, one.
Please roll for it.
Dude.
Yeah.
It's so good.
If only.
Yeah.
You got it.
Okay.
Joe, what are you thinking?
I don't know.
Mortars.
I didn't know I was going to get a match.
It's a real shame we don't edit this part.
Some people, when they play a game like this, might take a moment to think.
There might be a lot of downtime.
We don't.
You will never hear that because it doesn't happen.
So are you thinking weapons or like a gadget?
I keep waffling back and forth, but I mean either one would be fine.
A waffle iron.
Wish for a waffle iron.
Like a really nice set of golf clubs.
A lifetime supply of the TV dinners.
We should have a mortar.
What about just like a really fancy, cool ass, uh, like revolver?
Just like what's dirty hair you use in that a big ass revolver?
I don't know anything about guns.
I think, I think real big revolver is pretty cool and coppish.
Opposite of what I got.
But also...
It's a huge, weak gun.
Consider we might have a, uh, a compound like full of hundreds of homeless people.
I think we should get some mortars.
What are you trying to say, John?
I think we should be prepared to shell vast numbers of the enemy.
Who's to say they're the enemy?
Or what about like a drone?
Yeah, right.
The fact that this is a rollpoint armed drone.
They're probably just misunderstood.
Yeah, I don't know.
It's between a drone and a big ass pistol.
Oh dude, drone, drone, drone, drone, drone, drone, drone, drone, drone, drone.
Should I get a drone?
Can I get a drone?
I hope you fail your roll.
But yeah, you can roll.
Pass.
All right.
Yes.
We got a drone.
Yeah, we've got a big ass predator drone.
Okay.
It can be just the...
Pull it back.
All right.
Hey.
It's a nice one though.
It's nice.
Cool.
I'm going to start cutting into that plastic wrapped cube.
Okay.
I want to examine it before.
As you're examining it, you examine Keith Vigna cutting into this giant plastic wrapped
cube.
And as you dig your knife a little bit too far into it, a white powder starts pouring
out of it.
Let me see that.
Step aside.
I roll aside.
As you begin to take off the outer layers of plastic wrap, you would see that this is
bricks upon bricks of cocaine.
Guys, there must be 25, 20 bricks of cocaine here.
It is precisely way more than 25 bricks of cocaine.
This is an entire palette.
And as you begin counting, based on the math that you guys are, I'm assuming, great at
based on your characters, it is precisely 479 bricks of cocaine.
Hell yeah.
Quick math.
I mean, it is 478.
Write down 478 bricks of cocaine.
Okay.
One brick is clearly missing from the pile.
I think that we can come back to...
Someone must have gotten here before us.
Useful items to have.
I don't know.
An army of homeless people.
If you guys want to do a quick Google search, a brick.
What to do when you find a weapon is worth $25,000, which means an entire palette is
worth roughly $12 million of cocaine.
Guys, I don't know what I'm talking about right now, but what do I do?
Because I'm Thomas.
I'm not.
I think we found a green room.
Maybe.
So I drop...
What are the green boxes?
Yeah.
Cool.
The Gs.
They're in the Gs for green.
This is a pretty poppin' box.
You want to go to the next one?
Yeah.
You guys close this one down.
And lock it back up.
Lock it back up.
I take that.
50 cal.
Ammunition for same.
I pocket some pistols.
Yeah.
Let's load up some guns and stuff in the back of the cruisers.
You guys can drive your two cruisers back there and pile some stuff in there.
Cool.
And I pocket my regular tiny super powerful gun.
Of course you do.
I'll name it later.
Perfect.
What's its name?
I'll name it later.
Oh, that's not a very good name.
Inside G11 is a burlap sack containing $50,000 in shredded blue dye stained banknotes, a
piece of notebook paper with poorly drawn diagrams and nearly illegible writing, two
25 pound bags of potatoes, a ziplock bag containing five bulbs of garlic, a garlic crusher, an
empty test tube, and a syringe, a small drawstring Nike bag, a three million candle power hand
held spotlight, a well filled toolbox, a black leather backpack, a bottle of caffeine pills,
a carton of cigarettes, three shovels, a small digital scale, a syringe labeled morphine,
a handful of ski masks, walkie talkies, and a burned CD.
Could you repeat that?
Inside G11.
What is on the, is the burned CD marked?
It says monster mash mash.
Dope.
Yeah.
Hell yeah.
Okay.
So, real fast, just to throw it out there, Joe, the Delta Green player is super stoked
about having all this stuff, but like we're police officers investigating a missing person.
Like we just, we're just taking all of the shit we find.
That seems a little weird.
I think he would rationalize it that he's seen some fucked up shit last night and he
wants to be prepared for anything and this seems like it's heaven sent.
I love it.
That's right.
That's right.
This is the Lord's word.
So it looks like we might be dealing with like some bank robbers.
I want to look in the Nike bag.
There's nothing in there.
Is there anything in the leather backpack?
The leather backpack contains a set of lock picks, wire cutters, wire strippers, a crimping
tool, flattened Phillips head screwdrivers, and a lockout tool.
Cool.
Grab that bad boy.
I mean, grab everything.
There's morphine that could keep us going.
We go out and call Drew and ask him to send a U-Haul down here.
Do you want to do that?
Yeah.
Kind of, yeah.
Yeah, let's do that.
Well, actually, we have the key.
Logistically, we have the keys.
This shit is all here.
This could be our base of operations.
That's true.
Usually as a safe house for ourselves.
But what if they have an extra set of keys?
Let's get out of here.
Let's get this stuff.
Let's U-Haul it out.
People might try to take it.
Just anybody might come in here and try to take it.
We're confiscating it for evidence.
Yeah, exactly.
We can put it in the evidence room, which is probably pretty sound.
You do have an evidence room.
Yeah.
We'll put it in there.
Let's open.
Yeah.
What's behind door number three?
A trip to France.
Inside G12 is a four-wheeler with dried dirt and clay caked all over the thing, as well
as a couple of plastic trunks.
Near the door is a small chunk of paper that has been folded into the size of a business
card, and against the back wall is a small table with some papers on it.
Was there a paper in G11, too?
No.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sorry.
There was a piece of notebook paper.
With the scribbles, yeah.
Poorly drawn diagrams and nearly illegible writing.
Do any of you guys have heavy machinery?
No.
Don't think I have any repair shit.
Yeah, I don't see any repair.
Okay.
I want to find someone who would know more about that.
I want to look at the small chunk of paper first.
The small chunk of paper, as you unfold it, there are some ripped up bedding stubs inside
of it that fall out.
The piece of paper is on a thicker cardstock, and looking at it, you can tell that this
is the translator paper on which people place their bets to see what they're betting on.
So it's got the odds, and each number from the bedding stubs is in relation to a name
on the bedding paper, and it's got a date at the top, and it says October 31st.
What are the names?
There were three things that you could bet on on October 31st.
Hold on.
Did you like that dick I drew, Zach?
I did like that dick you drew, Thomas.
You drew the stinky foot?
Did you do better?
Oh, the stick's a real stinky foot.
It's a stinky foot.
Did you like that dick I drew?
Did you like that dick I drew?
That dick you drew?
That.
Wowee!
Every time you drew that dick you drew.
The three names are Oz, Mayhem, Wolf, Miles, Detonator, Carver, and Carl Blitzkrieg Anderson.
Are any of us familiar with those names?
Is this like MMA?
Do we even?
We got no.
It sounds like boxers.
Carl Blitzkrieg Anderson.
At the bottom it said versus Planet Juggernaut.
Is there any way that John Lee Pennymore doesn't know about a place called Planet Juggernaut?
It was versus tonight.
Oh, Planet Juggernaut is- Something these three things are versing,
I think.
Oh, God.
So cool.
Super cool.
The ripped up bedding stubs, you can tell he lost, lost, lost, and over the night lost
$5,000.
The last fight he bet on something with like 30 to one odds.
They were all- Not smart.
And they were all kind of bad odds?
Yeah.
The first two were probably closer to five to one, six to one, and then the last one
was 30 to one.
So he gets like desperate after losing that money?
Exactly.
Does a Google search for any of those names turn up information on the participants or
the sport?
Oh, yeah.
Give me the name of one of those fighters.
Oz Mayhem Wolf.
Yeah.
So Oz Mayhem Wolf, it will come up that he has been in like low time MMA fights or amateur
cage boxing or cage fighting, whatever that sport's called.
It's professional fighters, but in cages built by amateurs.
Nice.
So it's just like, there's a risk that it's really shoddy.
Yeah.
No joke.
What's in the plastic trunks?
Inside one of the trunks is a box of assorted batteries, spools of electric wiring, three
disassembled handguns, and an impossibly clean machete sitting atop three full suits, including
shirt, tie, and shoes, all covered in dirt, clay, and black stains that look to be blood.
Do we need to take a sanity check for seeing an impossibly clean machete?
Luke.
Yes.
Luke.
Yes.
As you approach the other plastic trunk, this one has the lid fastened.
The stench is nearly unbearable.
The trunk is clear and without-
I bet there's a hundred homeless people on this truck.
Without opening the lid, you can see only a dried black crust, which is painted on every
bit of the trunk's insides.
I'll investigate this one back at the lab.
I'm not going to open it in here right now, but let's go see what those papers-
Yeah, take a look at the table.
Okay.
You guys walk back and there is a note handwritten on a piece of paper.
What's that say, John?
The cabin is in the woods.
Love that movie.
Stark West from the end of the trail about two and a half miles.
K.
We took care of nine of them as well as the leader.
Okay.
And there is also a sheet that seems to be ripped out of a notebook.
This one is also handwritten in different handwriting.
It says, the work is difficult and particular, but I've had 12 successes.
Life isn't as complex as they believe.
They are quite simple.
It will be their downfall.
And the last is, it's a cutout from an old newspaper.
Cole's Orphanage, new school under modern etiquette.
We are here to serve the beautiful community of contention.
Is Cole ... Do you remember Cole's Orphanage?
I don't ... That doesn't ring a bell.
The only thing I can think about-
Didn't we used to go to school with hundreds of smelly orphans?
Well, this probably doesn't mean anything.
Let's crumble a month down the way.
Cole's Orphanage.
Cole was the counterpart to beans, right?
Yeah.
Silas Cole, right?
Oh, yeah.
Yep.
Okay.
I'm going to ask some old-timers around here and see if they remember that.
Silas Cole is still known as being one of the founders of this town.
He was the owner of the mine for a couple of years.
And his wife, Mary Cole, did a lot of good in the community, and the library is named
after her.
It's the Mary Cole Library.
So one could assume that someone opening this orphanage probably named it after her.
Is there any sign on the clipping of the newspaper what newspaper it came from?
The Contention Chronicle.
But I don't remember a Cole's Orphanage, because I am 37.
It must have opened and closed real quick, right?
Yeah, we should keep this on our radar and try to ask Drew to find out some stuff about
it.
Cool.
Is U-Haul here yet?
Yes.
Do you want to load literally everything?
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
I also want to ride out of here on that four-wheeler.
Does a four-wheeler run?
Can you drive my cruiser?
Are there keys to the four-wheeler?
Yes.
Cool.
Are you actually going to ride it out?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll drive your cruiser back then.
I take my shirt off and I get on the four-wheeler.
Just John and some a little bit too tight britches hopping on this four-wheeler without
a shirt on.
Is this like the three bears pants situation?
The farts are just right.
What should we do?
I think take it all back to the evidence room and sort it out into different categories
Catalog it all?
Yeah, catalog it all and then try to do some investigating on the stuff that doesn't make
sense to us.
Well, man, there's just so much crime all of a sudden.
Why does it fall to us to deal with that?
Quick cut to the sick montage of you guys loading everything into the evidence room.
Like spraying each other with bullets.
Roll firearms.
Throw encasings.
Throw it, yeah, exactly.
I get tired so I do a quick bump and I'm like, ready to go?
Oh yeah.
I meant to ask you, are you doing any of that cocaine?
I'm not right now.
I'm not doing it right now, but yes.
Keith has been known to dabble.
Yeah.
Clark is a straightener.
Under Clark's eye.
I'm adjusting.
John is taking this to the family reunion and selling it.
I'm not doing it with Clark next to me.
Do you think a contention cop makes a fucking lot of money?
No.
He does not.
Okay, so can we cut to...
It's all catalogued.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Cool.
Wow, guys, we really put our heads together and made that happen.
You guys really worked through the day too.
You skipped lunch and now it's done at 2 p.m.
How nice.
In the process of cataloguing stuff, did anything new catch our eyes?
Because that's the time when anything would have crossed our vision in particular.
I mean, did you want to look into anything?
I gave you basically the outline of what each thing is.
I want to get Drew to get info on Cole's orphanage and then also see if he can find
anybody that knows about those diagrams that we saw.
Okay, cool.
Very good.
Do we want to do anything with the crusty tub?
Oh, yeah.
Now that we're back...
Yeah, we need to check it out.
I want to...
I mean, maybe it's gore, but it might also be...
Somebody might have isolated some of the black stuff.
Should we do that in the evidence room or should we go outside or...
I don't know.
I'm kind of nervous about it.
Clark is kind of nervous about it.
I'm nervous about it too because this is shit that Keith has seen.
Those lockers were full of weaponry, so if this is some kind of weapon...
Man, I hope nobody comes looking for us.
How about this?
Because we ticked our fangs.
I'll go into...
I assume...
Do we have like a jail cell?
Yeah.
I want to go into one of those with this tub and open it up.
You're taking that upon yourself, Keith?
I've got one leg and I'm doing it.
I'm interested too.
The rancid smell of old metal hits your nostrils and atop this pile of what looks like a messily
chopped up human body sits a woman's head split down the middle and pulled apart with
a small silver sphere sitting in between the two halves.
Well, this could be anything.
Hell yeah.
Real sanity?
Pass.
I passed.
I passed.
You all wear old hands.
I crit pass if that helps me in any way.
Oh, yeah, it does.
How about you don't look?
Okay.
Yeah.
Does that work for you?
For sure.
Keith and John, you both lose one sanity on a pass.
Are you going to put the lid back on?
Oh, yeah, I am.
Okay.
Actually, wait.
I'm going to like snap for evidence, snap a picture of this and see can we identify?
Identifiable.
Yeah.
The only thing that's really, I mean, it is cleaved into.
Yes.
Cleft in twain.
If you will.
Clove in twove.
It's cloved in twoved.
And if you put the halves together.
If you smash them together.
It's like trying to make a face.
So it's, you say it's identifiable, but we can't, I mean, we recognize this person?
No.
But it's identifiable to someone that would have known this person.
Like did you mean it's recognizably a person?
It's recognizably a woman's head.
But like, it's not really, it's so old.
This has been.
Well, that's, how about this?
I'm going to take a picture of it, take a picture of it, close it back up and send this
box to the corner.
Let him deal with it.
Before we do that, I want to take a look at the little silver ball in the skull.
Do you want to grab it?
Yeah.
Let's grab it.
Okay.
You grab it.
Look, it's a little silver sphere.
About how big?
About the size of a large marble.
And by large marble, I mean it's one inch in diameter.
So the radius is a half inch.
I hold onto it for good luck.
What's the circumference?
Awesome.
Oh shit.
I don't know that good a man.
Should we send this to the corner just to see if we can get anything out of it?
It didn't like attack and kill us, so I assume.
Why would you assume a dead body would do that?
I've seen some fucked up shit today and yesterday.
Like what?
How am I the only one trying to pull over How can you have enough drowning out of the
