Welcome one and all to Contentions most exciting local news radio show, ran by yours truly,
Wolf the Dog.
Now let's jump right into some news.
Now I heard the officers went to Chief Maggie Cook's house, and boy wouldn't you know it,
she wasn't there.
And then they went on over to everybody's favorite bar, Klinker's.
You know, the one with the daycare in the back, serving up all the gourmet treats such
as hot dogs on white bread, ya boy Wolf's favorite meal.
Julie Maxwell had a restraining order put out against Leo Piston back 15 years ago for
killing her sister Ashley.
Now that is some messed up shit.
And John found the Chief's blue notebook, but where was the red and yellow notebooks?
And wouldn't you know it that some idiot at City Hospital fucked up and put Julie Maxwell
in the morgue.
She woke up from a coma and started bloody screaming.
Remember to tell your friends to tune in to 694.2 PTBP for all the hard hitting news
and best variety of music in Contention.
And we got a world premiere of a new song for y'all today, it's Kudzu with no backbone.
County called back about the junkyard body.
Drew looks nervous as he hands you the note, and the note says that body had been dead
for years.
The internal organs seem to have not functioned in roughly two centuries, but the skin and
hair looks to have died on December 1st.
They've never seen anything like this down at County, so go ahead and roll sand for me.
Wowza.
10.
Oh nice.
60.
I mean I assume you have far more than 10 sanity.
I'm feeling real good about hearing that crazy shit.
Yeah.
You immediately play that off in your mind, you rationalize it as either they don't know
what they're doing.
They messed something up.
They messed something up clearly.
You got some time to kill before the Piston Brothers come out.
Clark definitely wants to look at the file on the Ashley case when she was hit by the
car.
Oh the Ashley Maxwell.
Yeah.
Okay, so diving into the old file on the death of Ashley Maxwell, you'd find out that she
was on her way to Splashylvania, the town's weird vampire themed water park to meet up
with some friends.
Clark would remember that Splashylvania used to bring in snow machines in the winter months
and let the townspeople sled down the water slides that use sleds and go down.
This was very obviously a fucking awesome but terrible idea.
And after more than a few broken bones, the water park has only been open in the summer
months for the past decade or so.
So Ashley never showed up to the winterized water park that day on December 1st, so long
ago.
So her sister Julie went looking for her.
Julie found Ashley's body face down in a watery ditch on the side of the road.
She also saw the beat up truck that her former classmate Leo Piston drove around town.
It was heading toward the Piston pig farm.
The autopsy showed that Ashley had a severe concussion but actually died from drowning.
Leo Piston eventually broke down in a testimony and admitted that he had gotten out of his
truck to ask Ashley a question and he must have scared her because she sprayed him with
pepper spray and in his flailing about he accidentally hit her in the head and he immediately
drove home to get water on his eyes.
The Maxwell family, Ashley's family, was fervent in their disbelief of this story but the judge
was easy and gave him one year of juvenile detention.
So that's basically what you would learn from that file.
And what time of day was all that?
Right after school, basically on December 1st, so her and her friends and her sister
and her friends, they were all meeting up to go do the like sledding at Splashylvania.
But she never made it.
Sad.
Who was the officer or detective on that case?
I think the chief would have taken lead for sure on the, yeah, dead teenager.
I dig it.
So that one, that probably took you a while to go through, find all that info.
And yeah, Clark was just doing that to refresh himself.
For sure.
Yeah.
For sure.
This is the first block when an awkwardly tall, skinny man with gin blossoms and bad
teeth walks into the police station and he is visibly distraught.
This is not George Piston.
He walks right past Drew and stumbles a bit into your desk.
You can smell the alcohol in his breath as he mumbles, my friend is gone and you haven't
done anything about it.
Where is this missing person's whatever?
Why aren't you looking for him right now?
Do I recognize him?
You've never seen this guy before.
Whoa, buddy.
Hey, what are you doing?
What's going on here?
My friend is gone and you're not doing anything about it.
I'm standing up and trying to get him to sit down in my chair.
Just he just seems wobbly.
And so, yeah, you can, you can get him down.
Yeah.
Hey, uh, but what's, what's going on?
You're you're, you're talking gibberish.
Yeah, you're fine.
He stands up and he comes around to your side of the desk and starts like messing through
your papers.
Hey, whoa, sir.
Hey, I need you to sit down.
You got to do your fucking job, man.
All right.
I'll listen to you, but you got to sit down first.
All right.
All right.
All right.
What's your name?
Officer Bishop.
Officer.
I just, my friend John Peters is gone and I went by his house earlier and the lock was
busted and there was a mess inside and he hasn't been online in like a couple of days
and that's not like John.
And so I need to, I need to know why you're just sitting here when he's fucking gone.
We, we, uh, we've actually been alerted to that case.
We've, we've been working on it.
Uh, when was the last time you saw him?
I haven't seen him in like forever, honestly.
We just like, you know, he's just an old friend from the days and we used to know each other.
So I, I just, I, he like starts crying and then he like stands up and just walks to the
back of the police station basically.
And he just is like looking around at different stuff.
Hey, hey bud, come up, come back over here.
What's your name?
Your name?
Your, your officer Bishop.
Yep.
You got that right.
Now what's, what's yours?
I'm Charles.
Hey Charles, come, come on back here.
That's let's get to the bottom of this right now.
That's someone, someone fucking, I took my friend I think, and you need to find him.
Why do you think somebody took him?
Because his shit is broke and somebody clearly busted into shit.
Yeah.
Do you have a reason to think that somebody would want to do that?
Well, his fucking keys are gone and his shit was broke and so his car's fucking gone and
like I know John and he wouldn't do that.
So do you know anybody who would want to do that to him with somebody who fucking know
I, John's a chilled ass dude.
I, there's no reason that anybody would want to be taking him.
All right.
We came to that conclusion as well.
Do you have this stuff?
What did you find?
We didn't find a whole lot there.
We are under the assumption at this point that he left in a hurry.
But fucking, yeah, I, someone left in a hurry probably with him cause he wouldn't do that.
Do you have his, do you have his keys?
Yeah.
Yeah.
But we, we, we've got his keys.
Let me see his fucking keys.
Why do you want to see his keys?
Cause I don't, I don't necessarily trust you if you're like yanking me around.
I mean I'm an officer of the law, you can trust me, but just to get this over with,
sure.
Okay.
Cool.
I pull them out of my desk and I'm holding them way far away from him and literally showing
him.
Okay.
He like puts both of his hands like on the desk and leans in and boy howdy does his breath
just reek of booze and he is staring very intently.
He holds his hand out and he gets kind of sad and he's like, can I see him?
Oh no, you can, you can see him.
You can't touch him.
Can I see him with my, with my hand?
I'm sorry, sir.
Uh, have you had something to drink tonight?
Yeah.
How'd you get here?
I got a car.
Did you drive here?
Nah.
If I went outside, would I see a car that wasn't here earlier?
No, I'm, I mean, I, I walked and he leans back, I, uh, I'm putting the keys back in
the desk while that exchange is occurring and just, just give it to me straight officer.
Sir, we, uh, we don't know where your friend is right now, but I can promise you that we
hear a sound from the parking lot of the police station, like abrupt thunder or a small explosion.
Charles, the guy standing in front of you immediately pulls a gun and runs outside.
What do you do?
Holy shit.
Sir, wait, no.
He's fucking.
Stop.
Okay.
If he's already outside, I'm running after him.
Okay.
As you, as you run out the door of the police station, you see the older piston brothers
truck has been T-boned on its driver's side.
A large black SUV is reversing onto the street and begins to drive east.
Roll alertness.
Holy shit.
Uh, 95 on a 70.
Okay.
I didn't see any of that.
You see Leo piston in the driver's seat of this black SUV and you fail to note the license
plate as it begins to drive away.
Charles runs to a car that is parked in the parking lot and gets behind the wheel.
What do you do?
I'm yelling.
No stop.
Gun is probably drawn.
Yeah.
Gun is drawn on him.
Okay.
Stop.
I'm probably getting around to his driver's side if he's already getting in the car.
Oh yeah.
He's getting in.
Uh, go ahead and roll athletics to get.
So real fast.
Yeah.
The black SUV t-bone t-bone what car George pistons truck, which was sitting in the parking
lot.
Any sign of George?
Yeah.
George is in his truck.
He's been smashed.
You can kind of see him.
He's behind the wheel of his own truck.
So Leo, his brother smashed him in the black SUV driving in the black SUV.
Uh, okay.
So you wanted me to draw a, do athletics.
Yes.
Uh, 61 on a 30.
Okay.
So as you run up to the car that this new fella Charles is in, he backs up and he's
got enough time to get onto the road before you can really get to him.
What do you do?
He's, he's on the road in his car.
He is pulling out of the police station parking lot onto the road.
Fuck.
I am running over to my cruiser and getting on the radio.
We got a situation down here guys.
Come on.
Uh, Oh shit.
Uh, fuck.
Uh, we got a, we got a, uh, a wreck in the parking lot.
There's a, uh, a guy's just taken off gun in hand.
Leo's in a, in a black SUV.
I didn't catch the damn plate.
I need, I need some help down here guys.
Perfect.
Ooh, it's going down.
Everything's happening.
It's all happening.
Nice.
Cool.
Okay.
So if you'll remember, Keith was at the piston pig farm and you had just climbed over the
fence.
Keith, as you walk up on the massive piston pig farm, you see a large farmhouse, a small
farmhouse, a barn, a warehouse, and acres and acres of land.
Leo's old rusty farm truck sits next to the small farmhouse and there is a large SUV next
to the large farmhouse.
Sitting next to the large warehouse is a line of old school buses, most of which are broken
down and have plants and tall grasses growing up in and around them.
Go ahead and roll luck for me.
That's a 19 on a 60, 19 on a 60.
That's a pass.
All right, cool.
So as you approach, as you're walking up to the pig farm, you feel warmth running under
your left foot.
As you realize you hear the sound of a gunshot, you look down and see some blood pooling underneath
your shoe.
Take one point of damage and roll sand.
I failed my sanity check.
Okay, so go ahead and lose one sanity as well as one hit point.
What do you do?
So I'm bleeding.
I want to see where exactly did I get hit?
Right in the foot.
Right in the foot.
Do I know where the gunshot came from?
Like which direction?
Go ahead and roll search.
Don't pass.
Okay.
You're looking around and you hear, you're doing a trespassing there, sir.
I didn't mean to hit you.
Just meant to scare you a bit.
And it's coming from the large farmhouse.
And as you look up to see where this voice is coming from, you see a woman in the window
of the large farmhouse and she's like holding a rifle.
I'm going to like hold my badge up and hold my gun up.
Officer Vigna, I need you to put your weapon down right now.
Oh shit.
Keith, is that you?
It's me.
Little Keith Vigna.
Holy shit.
Yeah.
Do you have a first aid kit in there?
You shot me in the foot.
I am.
God damn it.
She comes running out and she's holding a, she's holding a first aid kit.
And as she runs up to you, she's like, Oh fuck officer.
I am so fucking sorry.
Get that shoe off for me real quick.
I kicked that shoe off.
Okay.
And so also can we do this inside?
Oh yeah, absolutely.
So she'll take you like you can put your arm around her and she'll walk you into the large
farmhouse.
Okay, great.
So she sits you down on a, on an old chair, slides an ottoman over and as you're in here,
you would see this place is, yeah, I want to do like a quick look around.
It's actually kind of nice in here.
It's not too dirty.
There's some stuff about, it's not super tidy, but it's not like overly messy.
And it's not overly gross in any sort of way.
So she'll get your foot up on that ottoman and begin wrapping it.
And she says, seriously, officer, I shit, I did not mean to actually hit you.
I was just, I didn't even recognize you and I didn't see the uniform.
I was just really worried.
I, you know, with all, I don't, I don't know, you know, you got to protect your property
and whatnot.
I understand, but I need you to understand what you did is a high crime here.
High crime?
High crime.
High crime?
Oh Jesus.
But you know, I, I came without warning.
So you know, I think I get what I get at this point.
The Maggie, Maggie cook sent me to look or have a look around here.
Oh, why is that officer?
Oh, you know, just, it's part of a part of the investigation.
You're not in trouble or anything, but this has to do with the body at the junkyard.
I didn't say that, but well, I mean, George, George is headed out with Leo down to the
police station.
So I would assume that you stayed behind to what now?
Well, just to make sure nothing, there was no trouble you trying to live up to that family
name of yours.
I guess I knew that I didn't think anyone was home, so I was just going to do a quick
search of the perimeter, make sure nothing was up and I was going to get, get back to
the station.
Did you have a, did you have a warrant for that?
Yeah, but, uh, I've dropped it as soon as you shot me cause it scared me so bad.
Uh, you're going to roll persuade against her human.
That's a 50 on a 70 for me.
Okay.
And she failed.
So, uh, and for the listeners, human is human intelligence and it would be like deciphering
human emotions through action and voice.
She uh, she buys it.
Oh, oh shoot.
Okay.
Uh, well fuck.
I am.
Oh boy.
Okay.
Well, you know, Keith, I knew your parents and you know, I, I, I'd really appreciate
you letting this one slide.
I think, I think we, I think we're on the same page here.
You know, I think if you just, if you put on a cup of coffee for me and let me just
take a look around, we'll forget that this ever happened.
Sounds good.
Uh, so she goes back and as she's walking back to the kitchen to put on a pot of coffee,
her phone starts doing the alarm.
That's like the, that, that annoying alarm from the atomic meltdown.
And she hollers from the other room, Hey, um, I've, I've actually got some, some coffee
back here.
That's ready to go.
Do you like iced coffee?
Not really, but I'll drink it.
I guess.
Okay.
That's, that's perfect.
I'll be back fairly quick with a plastic cup with iced coffee in it.
That's so you can take it to go and kind of looked at you.
Well, uh, that's awful nice of you, but I will be sticking around for a minute, uh,
to take, take a little peek around.
If you got something to do, feel free to go do that and I'll lock up behind you, but I'll
be here for a minute.
Oh, okay.
And I glanced down at my foot and then glanced back.
Yeah.
And she's like, uh, okay, uh, I'm, I'm gonna be right back then.
Okay.
Take your time.
She, uh, pops out the back door.
Okay.
Fuck yeah.
Free range.
I think I'm going to just do some snooping in this main house real quick.
Okay.
What are you looking for?
I don't know.
Particularly like anything that just doesn't seem like the pistons would have like, I know
in my mind who these people probably are, right.
Anything that pops out, out of the ordinary, I'm going to be digging through, not digging
through drawers, but open drawers up, looking through that and just kind of searching this
main house at first.
Gotcha.
Okay.
So this main house is like I said before, it's, it's fairly well kept.
It's pretty clear after snooping around for a while that this is where Kathy and George
live.
And they have an extra bedroom.
That's a guest bedroom that is completely neat and unused.
There's another room in the farmhouse as well that it is filled with Mary Kay stuff.
Okay.
Yeah.
And you would know Kathy, which is this woman, Kathy Piston.
She's a Mary Kay.
That's her side hustle.
Yeah, absolutely.
And she's like very into it and wears kind of an absurd amount of makeup for a pig farmer.
Right.
Okay.
So if I don't find anything of interest in there, I'm going to go over to the small farmhouse,
which I assume is Leo's.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's where his, uh, his old beat up truck is parked as you, uh, go ahead and roll alertness
for me 92 on a 60 nice.
As you are going to the small farmhouse, you see the door on the big warehouse shut.
There's no one standing around there and you just see the door shut and you walk into the
small farmhouse.
This is Leo's place and it is quite different.
It is a shithole.
Filthy.
It's gross.
He works with the pigs all day and he does not take off his shoes when he gets home.
Gotcha.
So there's pig shit inside this place like casually look around.
I'm not going to investigate too bad in here cause I don't want to be in here.
Yeah.
It smells fucking awful.
There's like rancid food in the kitchen.
Is it just one story?
It is one bedroom.
The bathroom and the kitchen are like one thing together.
I'm going to glance around real quick and see if I find anything.
Go ahead and roll search for me.
Nope.
46 on a 40.
Pig shit.
Pig shit for days.
I get out of there like ASAP and then I want to go.
You said there's the warehouse and then a, like a shed or, uh, there's a barn and a warehouse.
That's it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Um, since I saw the warehouse door closed, I'm going to go to the barn first and leave
the warehouse to be my last place.
Okay.
So you would go and open up the barn door.
It's two big swinging doors right in front of it.
And inside is just bales of hay, a couple of horses.
This is like the stables basically.
I'm going to go pet one of the horses.
Cool.
It's chill.
Cool.
Uh, I want to glance around, kind of poke around a little bit.
See if there's any, this seems like a good place to hide something.
So sure.
Sure.
Sure.
Go ahead and roll search for me again.
Shit.
75 on 40.
Killing it.
I'm doing some Vigna style police work.
This is some Vigna police work.
You look around and there seems to be nothing out of place.
This is a normal barn.
Wait, did you say the warehouse has the, the buses by it?
Yes.
I want to go sneak into one of the buses and post up and see if I see anybody coming out
of the warehouse.
Okay, cool.
Okay.
Where are you going in inside this bus and which bus are you going to?
I'm going to the bus that's closest to the door that I saw close.
Okay.
And I'm going to just get in there to where like I can just pop down if I see somebody
and hide.
Okay.
Sounds good.
You're kind of looking out the window, uh, in one of the back seats of the bus and you're
looking at that door and the door opens and Kathy pops her head out and is scanning.
You roll luck.
Oh.
49 on a 60.
Okay.
So she kind of scans over to where you're at and you pop your head down just in time.
And then as you pop your head back up, she comes out the door with a line of people.
So many fucking people start piling out of this warehouse and she gets on the bus.
My bus?
The bus that you're in the back of.
And she sits in the driver's seat.
And I'm immediately, I'm popping down behind that back seat.
The bus begins filling up with people and you hear voices and it's all muffled and they're
all chitter chattering together.
And it starts to smell really bad on this bus.
And it's not that pig smell from Leo's farmhouse.
It's a different kind of smell.
It's the, it's the odor of the homeless population who is now residing on this school bus.
There are as many people as can fit on a normal sized yellow school bus plus some.
Are you looking up how many people can fit on a school bus?
God, how many rows are there in a school bus?
Okay.
How many people does a school bus?
It's 72 passengers.
Okay.
So there are a hundred people on this school bus and they are not paying any attention
to you, but they are so close to you.
You're like crouched behind this back seat and they are smashed.
Three people per bench and then everyone like standing throughout the entire row and
the bus begins to move.
What do you do?
Fuck.
I'm so fucking glad this is happening.
I, um, well shit, I'm going to open up the back door and I hope to God the alarm doesn't
go off.
The emergency door in the back.
Fuck yeah.
Okay.
Roll luck for me cause we're just going to see, so yeah, so you, okay, here's what happens.
You reach over and you grab the, the handle of the door in the back and as you open it,
the door immediately opens and alarm starts sounding.
It's going and you fall out the back of the door.
Go ahead and roll athletics to see how well you take this fall.
I got a fucking 99.
Hell yeah dude.
Um, okay.
Okay.
A critical fail.
It's a critical fail.
Uh, so you're going to roll a, we're going to double a d four cause I was going to make
it a d four for falling out.
Double a d four, two, like one times two, one times two.
Uh, you take two damage, you fall and you fall on the exact same foot that got shot
earlier and your ankle rolls.
And so now it is like almost impossible to use that foot and put weight on it.
But as you fall out, the door slams back closed and you hear the alarm stop ringing as it
slams shut and the bus peels out on the County road and drives away, leaving you sitting
in the middle of the road, which is not actually the main drive that you were on earlier.
It's this back way that you didn't even notice before.
So you were actually probably half a mile from the warehouse, which is on the far south
part of the property.
What's my movement speed at this point.
If I wanted to go back to that warehouse, you can hop on one foot.
Well, I mean, I'm on the opposite side of where my car is anyway, so I'm gonna hop back
to that warehouse.
Okay.
You hop and you're not like the most elegant man on earth.
And so you multiple times fall over on your way there, but you make it to the warehouse.
What do you want to do?
I want to see what's in this.
Oh God.
So you open up the door and
Flashlight on.
Flashlight on.
It's dark in there, but there's a lot of windows on the top of the building and probably some
like sunroofing.
This is where all the pigs are.
It's an indoor operation.
And so inside the warehouse is this massive pig farming operation.
There are hundreds of pigs separated into different sections of the warehouse and what
looks to be an irrigation system running just above the head of an average man that sprays
cool water down into the pins every once in a while.
Only pigs in here, right?
Yeah.
There's just a bunch of pigs and it smells like pig shit.
Are there any sleeping bags or anything like that or were these people, do I think these
homeless people were there just like for a short amount of time or do you have absolutely
no idea how that many people fit in here with all these pigs?
Because the rows in between the pig pins are very thin.
Well, not very thin, but like one person, right?
Two people, not, you know?
Yeah.
Okay.
They would have had to just been standing there for that many people to be in there.
I want to do a search roll just to see if I...
Go ahead and roll a search.
No.
80.
80?
Okay.
So you hop around.
You can use the pins at this point to get around easier.
You don't find anything.
Okay.
I'm going to hop back to...
Oh, hey.
Quick reminder, you can burn luck to make any of these rolls a success.
We haven't done that yet in this campaign so far because we've never actually used this
luck mechanic in our home games before.
And so we all keep forgetting about it, but yeah, you can always spend luck.
Wish I would have known about that five minutes ago.
When a lot of bad stuff happened.
Yeah, I forgot about it too.
Well, I guess I'm going to hop back.
I want to hop back to the house real quick.
Okay.
As you're hopping back to the house, you get a call on your radio, which is attached to
you on your person.
And it is Clark.
We got a situation down here, guys.
Oh, shit.
Fuck.
We got a wreck in the parking lot.
There's a guy who's just taken off gun in hand.
Leo's in a black SUV.
I didn't catch the damn plate.
I need some help down here, guys.
Okay, so you are heading to the hospital in the city to meet Julie Maxwell?
Yes.
John Lee Pettymore arrives at the hospital in the city, and as you are walking through
the parking lot to the entrance of the large building, a man jumps out at you from in between
two parked cars.
I immediately draw him again and fire.
Roll firearms.
Oh, we're doing this.
No, he's not involved in this.
I don't want to do the paperwork.
Okay, but you would probably get a hand on the gun real quick.
Yeah, I reached for the handle of my pistol.
He's this like weird hunched dude wearing an old tattered robe with a hood that's covering
his face, and he says, Oogie boogie there, my friend.
I know what you are.
I know where you're from.
He cackles and he whispers, Say hello to me, would ya?
As he hands you a folded up piece of paper, and he runs away into the darkness.
Oh, there's a lot on this paper.
Oh, shit.
I immediately radio into the station that we're dealing with some kind of robot.
The note he handed me is just a bunch of binary, looks to be maybe 20 or 30 words, all in binary,
and then just in English.
You know, as if my day wasn't already busy enough, I'm going to radio this in.
I'm going to take a picture of this with my phone, send it to Randy and Andy.
Drew.
To Drew.
And ask one of them to try to get a translation on that, and while I'm calling them, I also,
I don't know if anybody else has done this yet, but those keys we found marked with G10
through 12 or whatever it was.
I want to get one of them just so we're doing the legwork of checking out local mini storages.
Right, so those keys are in Clark Bishop's desk.
Vigna threw them to him earlier when you guys were in the station, and Clark has them in
his desk.
Yeah, you can send that message on to Drew.
Literally, I just need somebody doing the groundwork of like, hey, where is the storage
within nearby that has G units?
You could ask Tim to do it.
G unit.
Yeah.
I'd do that.
Okay, cool.
So.
Real quick.
Who's Tim?
Oh, Tim, the guy who works at the police station who does like everything.
Ray?
No.
I just called him Randy, but I definitely thought we went with Ray.
It's weird because you think his name is Ray, but.
No, you're pretty sure it's Tim.
I always liked Tim.
I asked him to do that.
Yeah, sounds good.
Okay, so as you walk into the large hospital, you see a desk with a woman sitting behind
it next to a large Christmas tree and a life-size nativity scene.
What do you want to do?
I'd like to see Julie Maxwell, please.
Yeah, she lets you know that Julie Maxwell is in room 1030.
I take the stairs because, you know, you don't want to be a lard ass.
All right, so John Lee Pettymore, as you walk into room 1030, you see two beds, and one
is an old man with mutton chops and large, thick eyebrows.
I immediately hold out my hand and say, hello, Julie.
Oh, what?
The other bed is empty.
My name's Doug.
My apologies, sir.
Have you seen a young woman?
No, there was a- Any woman?
There's like a middle-aged- Yeah, that sounds about right, giving her
past and backstory.
She was crazy.
She was in here.
I didn't like her one bit.
I'm glad she's gone.
Where is she now?
She just got up, I don't know, about half an hour ago and left.
Thank you for your time, Doug.
I immediately head to security or wherever this place keeps their cameras and ask them
to find out where Julie went.
This would take a little time, but you would find out after looking through the cameras,
you would see that she walked out the front door half an hour ago, gown open, just heading
out into the world.
Okay, I call the city PD and ask if anybody has brought in a gown-wearing crazy woman
matching her description.
Not today.
The city's pretty rough and tumble.
It's no place to raise a family.
Absolutely not.
I kind of explained what's going on and the pretty serious ... This is not just some random
... This is a very important suspect in a murder case.
So if I explain that, do I get any assistance or offers for a squad car to go look for or
something?
They're busy.
You're a small-town cop.
They don't give a fuck.
If it's a murder case and we get a hold of her, then we'll let you know.
Okay.
Well, you have been no help.
Thank you very much.
Perfect.
I hope no one else dies.
How'd you feel if your whole family's faces were smashed or ripped?
Okay, so I'm going to take off in my cruiser in the direction that she left and try to
look for her, but I also have some other things I want to do while I'm in the city.
I'd like to see how close I am to a camera store and how close I am to a dirty dog grooming.
You're pretty close to a dirty dog grooming and there are five dirty dog grooming salons
in the city and you are also probably pretty near a camera shop.
Does John Peter's dirty dog loyalty card mention a specific location?
No.
Okay, so I'm going to head to the camera shop.
You get a call.
It is someone from the city police station.
Yeah, I think we actually clocked your suspect in a gown.
She seems to have just stolen a black SUV and is heading west on the highway.
All right.
Immediately, I think him and I kick my cruiser, like throw on my lights.
I don't give a shit about jurisdiction.
Hell yeah.
I'm going to chase her.
Yeah, I'm going to chase her down.
Sounds good.
She's heading for contention.
She's heading for contention, the officer says.
I know.
I'm from there.
You are going to roll drive for me.
36 on a more than that, on a 50, no, 70.
Okay, nice.
So you speed back into town and you don't catch up with her on the highway because it
seems she got a pretty good head start on you.
Blind with anger and a thirst for justice and answers.
The truth, really.
John Lee Pettymore completely spaces the fourth, completely spaces that he should, he should
definitely tell the town that this lady is coming.
You were just eyes red, just fucking flying down the highway.
You roll into contention.
You drive straight down the main road, right down to the police station.
And as you get there, I need you to roll me an alertness check.
My luckier dice.
14.
Hell yeah.
As you're driving down this main drag and pulling up to the police department, you see,
well first your radio goes off and it's Clark Bishop.
We got a situation down here guys.
Come on.
Uh, oh shit.
Uh, fuck.
Uh, we got a, we got a, uh, a wreck in the parking lot.
There's a, uh, a guy's just taken off gun in hand.
Leo's in a, in a black SUV.
I didn't catch the damn plate.
I need, I need some help down here guys.
You actually see this black SUV driving east from the police station.
You see Leo piston in the driver's seat of this SUV with a horrified look on his face.
And you see the barrel of a pistol pressed firmly against the back of Leo piston's head.
Go ahead and roll sanity for me.
Okay.
I passed 54 and a 59.
Okay.
So you lose no sanity.
You were like ready to go.
I'd peel out after him.
Fuck yeah.
I'm the only one trying to fool.
How can you have enough drowning out all the notes.
