What's cooking my babies, it's your gumbo master wolf the dog, and I'm here on this
early evening on December 6th to cook you up a fresh pot of goo.
This gumbo was made with nothing but the discarded shells of river bugs, various types of blood,
and celery.
Mmm makes my tummy rumble just thinking about it, and my tummy is causing reverberations
all throughout the galaxy live from 694.2 PTBP.
Speaking of my tummy, I'm hungry for love, so you know what time it is.
It's time for Howlin' with Wolf.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Eric from New York, who writes,
Hello Adam, I'm glad you're enjoying the podcast so far.
If you've made it to this message it means you've probably passed where I am in the
story.
Sorry Wolfie, I'll get listening ASAP.
I hope Catherine, Phoebe, Ripley, and little baby Aurelia are doing great in Maryland.
I hope baby Aurelia isn't too traumatized by this ultra-violent podcast.
Love from New York, Eric.
Well Eric, I would recommend you inform that baby to not stand too close to the radio when
I admit my auditory secretions.
I've been known to warp the minds of the young, turning them into disciples who will
not stop until my power is absolute.
Coochie coochie coo, my little baby babies.
Remember if you want to write up something for your wolf to howl, tag at PretendingPod
on Instagram or Twitter, tag PretendingToBePeople on Facebook, sip my kiss Marky Mark, or write
a 5-star review on iTunes and email us at PretendingPod at Gmail.com.
Of course, you can also support the show financially over on Patreon.com slash PretendingPod.
Five dollars a month instantly unlocks access to seven exclusive bonus episodes.
The most recent one is a Q&A episode where Justin even showed up to help answer all the
questions you fine folks asked over on the subreddit.
But you don't have to even ask questions to your old wolfie because I already have
the answers you seek here on the news.
Last time, these overworked, underfed, and over-aggressive dumb fucks dressed up vaguely
like Burt Macklin from the hit television series The National Broadcasting Company's
Parks and Recreation.
And then they said very few words before making it to the office of Bruce Robin, literally
over the body of a stylish woman who was thriving in the city as a high-powered PA.
Once inside, things did not go any better.
Keith Victor claimed to be from a secret organization called Myriad.
Bruce began chanting and reached for his gun.
Clark Bishop dove over the table, knocking Bruce over backward in his chair and sending
his handgun just out of reach.
After a back-and-forth three-on-one fistfight except for the knives and guns, John Lee Kevin
Moore the three-and-a-half looked away for just long enough for Bruce to finish his chant
and fire his gun into his own head.
Taking us now to the most happening place in the city, a fancy chief executive's penthouse
office that is completely covered in a sequence of numbers I dare not repeat on these soundwaves
written in the blood of the almost-billionaire Bruce Robin, it's a brand new track from your
best of 2019 list's top artist, Kudzu, with the premiere of this tasty fuckin' jam, No
Back Bone.
Have you guys gotten all your Christmas shopping done?
Not even close.
Nope.
And it's making me real nervous.
We're coming up on that time where your friends realize how much you care about them.
Joe, you're getting nervous?
At this point?
Yeah.
Thomas is like, you don't know nervous.
I don't know nervous either, which is why I do a lot of my shopping between the 22nd
and 24th-ish.
There was one year that I got like three things Christmas Eve and it was just fuckin' terrifying
and awful.
Like you received three presents on Christmas Eve and it was terrifying and awful.
No.
It was that I wouldn't get my gifts.
Actually three ghosts.
Last year I got four presents that took it away from Christmas Day and it was so disappointing.
Luke, how many people do you buy presents for?
My mom, my dad, and my sister.
That's it?
Yep.
So I'm not supposed to get you anything?
Is that what it is?
Oh, I've gotten you guys.
I have the only thing I've bought so far is for you guys.
Aww.
That's nice.
Am I allowed to use Patreon money to get you guys Christmas gifts?
No.
The answer's no.
That'd be a hard write off.
So we were talking when we came in today before we started recording about the numbers.
The Painfully Easy Cipher, I believe the episode was titled.
And you guys did some work and figured out some of the...
Translations.
Translations.
Even for some of the past numbers that have been in this show.
Do you guys want to give a rundown of where you're at on that?
I did most of the work so I'll take this.
Yeah, what do you got written down, Joe?
Well, so it turned out to be a pretty simple, I think they call it an alphabet cipher?
Is that what they call it?
A substitution cipher.
A substitution cipher.
So the first ones in the apartment that was kind of ransacked and shitty we think say
Harriet Marks, M-A-R-K-S, which is not a name that rings any bells for any of us.
And then the one that Thomas was writing on the desk in the last episode was Bruce Robin,
the name of the man that had just committed suicide in front of us.
But we also remember that way back in the graveyard, the creepy kind of maybe reminded
us of Marvin creatures standing on a mausoleum yelling at us.
And he started spouting numbers.
And in particular, I think he was referencing me, Clark Bishop, and he did a string of numbers
that turned out to spell overseer.
And we asked...
Yeah, that's nothing.
That doesn't...
You probably...
I don't remember anything of it.
And we also asked him who he was.
And he replied with numbers, we think spells out D-C-F-B-I, which is really fucking cool.
What the hell?
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know what it means.
So yeah.
So we did that off, Mike.
We'll see how that comes out in character.
I remember those numbers clearly.
Once we left off, we just woke up in a room with numbers.
I think it was the Bruce Robin numbers, or did we know?
And we had written them with Bruce's blood.
All over each other.
And we're naked.
Unclothed in the office of Bruce Robin, and you are surrounded...
Oh, fuck.
Oh, my God.
That was sick.
Zach just hit a button on a remote, and the lights in this room turned red.
Yeah, he got some LED lights, y'all, and he deployed it at a really cool time.
That was awesome.
You guys are surrounded by blood.
It smells of deep iron and soulless humanity in this room.
And the reason that you came to is because the two double doors leading into this office
busted open, and three police officers come in as you come to.
The officer in the back is a good-looking older man with gray hair, and I need Clark
to roll intelligence.
I pass an eight on a 55.
I need Thomas and Luke to take off their headphones and plug the ears.
Joe, you recognize this man dressed as a city police officer as Leon Simpson of the circle
of knowledge.
Cool.
Okay, you guys can come back now.
What do you say?
The man in the back drops a couple duffel bags on the ground and promptly puts three
bullets in each of the other two from the back.
They drop to the ground, and he walks into the hall behind him.
What the fuck?
Leon?
I call after him.
You then hear a single gunshot from the hallway.
Oh, shit.
You know that guy?
He's, guys, he's with the circle, he's on our side.
He's with Maggie, at least.
He just killed two cops, though.
We're three cops.
How's that gonna make him feel?
I walk over to my clothes and put them back on.
Covered in blood.
Are you gonna wipe yourself off before you get your old clothes back on?
I'd like to put on the clothes of one of the corpses that Leon just made, whichever one
is the least bloody.
You can change into that, but there will be three bullet holes in the back of the officer's
uniform with blood stained on the back of your back.
Also, the blood that's on you is gonna seep into that material and stuff.
But the gray-haired officer, Leon Simpson, walks back into the office, and he walks up
to one of the duffel bags that he dropped on the ground and reaches in.
He throws on a nice pair of over-the-ear headphones, pulls a pair of forensics gloves on, wipes
his gun, walks over to Bruce Robin, places the gun in Bruce Robin's empty hand, and begins
defacing any writing in the room with numbers on it.
Essentially, he's just trying to clean it up and make the room look less esoteric and
more murder-suicidy.
Is he playing something in his headphones that we can catch from outside the headphones?
Can we hear the bleed-through of sound from his headphones?
For the sake of flavor, you can hear some outlaw country being played.
I sheepishly take off the dead man's clothes as I see him professionally cleaning up the
evidence and I lay it in a pile at his feet and shuffle off covering my penis.
He hasn't acknowledged us, right?
I wanna do a waving hands in the air in front of him.
Leon!
Leon!
He takes his headphones off and he's like, don't fucking touch me.
What are you doing here?
I gotta clean up.
I gotta get out of here.
Should we wait for you to clean up then?
Yeah, I mean, you know, don't spread it around anymore.
And he puts his headphones back in and he keeps working.
How did you know we were here?
He's got his headphones on.
He's not paying attention.
How did he know we were here?
I guess Maggie could have sent him.
That has to be it.
He's with a circle.
He helped me before.
You guys remember when I got those tranquilizer darts that helped us mind control?
Yeah.
I nod over to him.
Got them from him.
Oh.
I'm gonna go and see if there's something, if I can open his duffel bag and see if there's
anything else in there that might help in cleaning.
Yeah, he stops and looks over at you just to like gauge what you're doing.
But when you open it up, you see there's some stuff that you could use to help clean up.
And then also in a second duffel bag, he has three city police officer uniforms that are
clean and pressed.
I wanna use cleaning supplies in the duffel bag to start cleaning myself.
Yeah, I wanna do that too.
Yeah, I'll divvy it out.
I let Clark spray me down with some Windex.
And turn.
And turn.
And you guys see when Clark Bishop takes off his uniform and is cleaning himself off, there
it is, that gaping hole in the middle of Clark Bishop's chest.
But no matter how many times you look at, you can't get away from the fact that it's
horrible.
That's just this like skin tunnel that goes from front to back.
Stop staring guys.
Does it hurt?
Doesn't hurt at all.
Kinda hurts to look at.
Yeah, it's pretty gross.
Do you ever put stuff in it?
That's where I keep my extra gun.
Cool.
Of course it bothers me when I look at it, but I don't know what to tell you.
Just put a shirt on.
Could I put my hand through there and lift you up like some kind of Clark handle?
Ooh, I don't, that sounds like that might hurt.
I try it.
I don't lift, but I get my fingers.
Like are you pulling up?
No, I'm just gonna poke at your hole.
It doesn't hurt when you just kinda touch it.
You've done this before, John.
I know you love touching my hole.
I'm just trying to Pillsbury Doughboy ya.
Looking over at Leon Simpson, he's rifling through paperwork and he eventually finds
something that he's clearly looking for and then he brings out a stamp and you notice
that it is a stamp of Bruce Robin's signature that he is putting on this paperwork and he's
flipping through pages and stamping the bottom right of like every third page.
I'm not gonna interrupt him, but I want to get around his shoulder and see if I can clean
anything from those documents he's stamping.
I think it'd be pretty easy to tell that he is signing over Bruce Robin's share of bar
corp to the mill on the other side of the city.
I'd like to search for like a personal checkbook or anything like that in Bruce Robin's effects.
Yeah, go ahead and roll.
Five.
You don't find a personal checkbook, but you do find a handwritten note.
What's it say?
There's some more numbers.
She broke me open and all new things have the power to escort change in the future of
good in order to break.
Hold on, I'm not reading this right.
Let me read it first to myself to get the syntax.
I hate paying the syntax.
That's why Jesus died for me.
While he's reading that eye rifle through the duffel bag, seeing if there's a belt because
whoever these clothes are for is much larger than me.
You can find a belt off one of the dead officers that doesn't have blood all over it so you
can get a second belt going.
Sweet.
That's why Keith Vigna's comfortable.
My pants aren't falling down anytime soon.
Thomas, you ready to pay the syntax?
Yeah, this person writes funny, but it's a long sentence.
She broke me open and all new things have the power to escort change in the future of
good in order to break the cycle and find fulfillment in an unquestioning goodness that
breaks the relentless tether holding this lie of a world withstanding itself.
I can smell my past.
I can hear the future.
I am joy.
I am destruction.
I am pure.
Harriet.
8-11-8-1-8-9-5-2-0-13-11-8-1-1-1-1-9.
Probably not a zero in there, but that's a 20.
We got that number before.
I don't know if we've done anything with it yet.
There's also another number down there.
Out of character, that is Harriet Marks.
That's the same number we saw in the, I guess I could say that in character.
That's the same number that was written all over the walls in Bruce Robin's house.
It starts this letter and then at the end of it, it's written five times, followed by...
I got an idea.
How can we decode this?
What if you substituted letters for numbers?
Ooh, let's do it.
Is that the Batman music?
Adam West?
I think it says Harriet Marks.
Yeah, and it's not written five times, it's written six times, just the last one's bigger.
And is that the same number up at the top there too?
It sure is.
What a great role-playing experience for providing for all the people.
I'm gonna pull out my phone.
Yeah, I'm gonna need Thomas and Luke to take off their headphones and plug their ears again
real quick.
While he Googles Harriet Marks.
Joe, when Clark Bishop pulls out his phone, if you pull out the burner phone, you see
a text that you've received from the same number as before.
And it says, the book your parents died for is still hidden in an undisclosed location.
I want to text back what book where.
All right, you guys are good.
Come on back.
I'm gonna pull out my phone and Google Harriet Marks.
There's a recent news story about a freshman at CSU, City State University.
Unfortunately she recently committed suicide in her dorm room.
She is known as an organizer and an activist working for pro-union groups.
Does it say if she had a major?
She would have been a political science major.
I'd like to go on some of the more elaborate conspiracy theory boards that John Lee Pettymore
follows.
Absolutely.
And see if any of them are talking about Harriet Marks.
Roll a cult for me.
Woo!
Oh, not unnatural, just a cult.
Oh, I was thinking unnatural also.
Gotcha.
Okay, well I failed.
So when you hop on the boards you find one person who's talking about Harriet Marks and
just saying, like, there were discrepancies within the police report about her suicide.
Just asking questions!
Oh yeah, did it say the cause of, like, do they do that in suicide?
Yeah, they wouldn't tell you in a news article how the suicide occurred.
Oh, also the death happened on December 2nd.
Did you know that Harriet Marks showed every sign?
God damn it.
Did you know that...
Did you know that Harriet Marks showed every sign of a controlled demolition?
We got there, folks.
It's the friends you make along the way.
Jokes are about the journey.
Oh, I do a wave hand at Leon.
Leon!
Yeah, a wave hand.
You ever heard of Harriet Marks?
Yeah.
Who is she to you and us?
Well, that's who we're going to see here pretty soon.
Will you finish up real quick?
We really gotta get going, but yeah, she's clearly earlier on in the thread, and then
he puts his headphones back on.
I turn to the guys.
I mean, I trust Leon.
He helped me earlier.
Okay, well I guess let's help him clean up and see where he's taking us.
I do that too.
Cleaning montage.
Cleaning montage finish?
Oh, yeah, do it.
Oh, wow.
Red juices are just like falling to the floor, like mixed with like suds from those like
handy wipes that come in small little packages that people keep in their purses and bags
and such.
And you guys finally wipe off the very last bit of blood from your hands, and the little
wet nap is just like completely covered in blood, and you throw the very last one into
the trash duffel bag.
Do we have a bloody suds fight somewhere in that montage?
Oh, absolutely.
It just like cuts to it, but the lights keep like flashing all crazy like during those
moments.
Also, at one point, Keith takes a plastic glove and puts it over his head and blows
it up with his nose, and he's like waving his head around.
Howie Mandel style.
So the montage finishes with the three of you standing wearing city police officer uniforms
freshly pressed and very clean, and Leon Simpson picks up the bags and throws in some
paperwork into one of the duffels that's not full of the disgusting blood nappies.
Along with your uniforms, you each have a service pistol.
Oh, shit.
And you hear sirens, and he runs over to the window looking down on the city, and from
17 floors up, you see six police cars roll up to the front.
All right, we got to get out of here quick.
Lead the way.
After you.
Leon leads you into the hallway.
I assume we're all wearing our uniforms, the new uniforms.
I would hope so, yeah.
I'll put them on.
And then real fast as we enter the hall, oh, did you just say enter the hallway?
Enter the hallway.
As you guys enter the hallway, there's a distinct smell.
What does it smell like?
It smells like dead Winifred.
Oh, no.
She has exhumed her bowels, and Leon does not pay any mind as he walks right over her
to the stairwell on the far side of the elevator and begins walking down the stairs.
Winifred is dead.
I don't know that song, John.
Yeah, I was just inspired.
Well, when he's dead.
That's the kind of music that John Lee Pettymore likes.
The stairs go down to floor 14.
No, sorry.
The stairs go down to the 12th floor, and when you get to the 12th floor, you have to
exit and go into the hallway, and it seems to be like an accounting floor.
There's no one at this point.
All the lights are off.
You see a cleaning person on the far side away from you, and you guys just walk over
to the next set of stairs on the other side and begin to head down.
I need whoever has the lowest luck to roll luck for me.
I have 35.
That's me.
20.
70.
As you guys head down the stairs, you hear the doors open at the bottom of the stairwell,
and you hear the chatter of police.
What is this?
So you guys, what do you want to do?
Leon looks at you, and he's like, we're going to have to dip off at some point.
Is that where the balls came from originally, the Piston Pig Farm?
I'm making the same joke as you, but like, no, okay, I'm sorry.
You can't just ask me big questions about the campaign as a joke, Thomas.
I'm not going to answer them.
So yeah, we were literally, we came from a pig farm.
You meant the cops come from a pig farm?
The cops come from a pig farm.
That could have been the joke of the whole campaign.
I want to use disguise to just act like a cop.
Yeah, I'd like to use being a cop to act like a cop.
All right, go ahead and roll disguise and...
Hell yeah.
15 on a 30.
Can I just roll law to do that?
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, I'd like to roll law.
Damn it.
54 on a 50.
85 on a 60.
Oh, fantastic.
So you guys are like halfway down, and he turns and he's like, you guys are walking
weird.
We're going to have to take an elevator.
And he dips out of the stairwell into a new hallway where it's another floor that's empty.
You know, the lights are off.
Nobody's there.
It's Saturday.
And also Bruce Robin gave pretty much everyone the day off and the weeks off.
So there's no one in the building essentially.
So you hit the elevator and as you get to the very bottom, you see, as soon as the elevator
door opens, the security guard and the secretary who are sitting in the foyer of this large
building and the security guard makes direct eye contact with you guys and then grabs his
radio and then takes off running in the opposite direction.
Clark, you're first act if you would like to do this in combat order.
Well, can I just observe what Leon's doing?
I'd like to follow his lead as much as possible.
Yeah, you can wait for him to go.
When do we sense he might go on the turn order?
You can see him.
He's already like reaching for his gun.
Oh, he is reaching for his gun?
Oh, he's reaching for his gun.
Okay.
Then I'm reaching for mine.
I'm just going to, I'm going to hold the guy who's running at gun point.
I'm not going to shoot.
Hey, stop.
Stop right there.
Roll off.
Pass a five on a 60.
Hell yeah.
The security guard freezes.
His radio is in one of his hands, hands that are slowly raising into the air.
You know, like you do when a cop yells at you.
It's now Leon's turn.
Oh shit.
Okay.
So he aims his pistol and as soon as the bullet fires, you hear a coming from the radio as
if it was an aerosol can that got shot with a BB gun.
Luke, what are you doing?
I hear him fire.
I don't see it exactly hit.
So I'd fire on the guy as well.
Go ahead and roll firearms.
61 on a 70.
Roll a d10 for damage.
It's one of the ones you are stupid.
How long have we been playing this game?
One.
All right, nice.
So, uh, you shoot him and you actually see one of his fingers just like fly off.
Like it was like a carnival game and you like hit the thing to knock it down, but it was
a finger and now it's not on his hand anymore.
Exactly.
He's like, dang.
Yeah, he yells, dang, Thomas.
What is John Lee Pettymore doing?
He's going to try to shoot this guy.
Oh fuck, 74 on a 60.
He is like running away and he turns a corner and Leon just turns back and he's like, gone
is just as good as dead.
And he dips like full blown runs to the entrance.
You actually see that there is only two police officers within sight outside on the other
side of the, what's that called the, the, the ring around the rosy fellow that gets
you into large like hotels and stuff revolving door and they are going to absolutely notice
you guys.
So Leon stops short about 10 feet in front of the revolving door.
I want to, I want to wave at them.
We need backup.
Did you hear those gunshots?
Get in here quick.
Awesome.
Go ahead and roll law or persuade 98 fails of fail.
Yep.
They immediately start talking to each other and then they're going to take cover behind
the police car that is right outside where you parked around side.
Can I find a side exit?
Let's see what happens here.
Yeah, he knows.
So he's like, yeah, there's a side exit right around here and you guys dip off to the right
and there's another stairwell on that side with an exit door head through there and into
the mid evening on December 6th in the city.
Yeah.
I'd like to get in that car.
Yeah.
I'm filing in with Leon.
You guys all get in the car.
Leon gets in the driver's seat and as soon as he puts the pedal to the metal, you hear
a whoop whoop and baby, we got a motherfucking car chase.
These two dudes who are outside definitely recognize that you weren't officers got into
their car and are about to chase you Leon through the city on a scale from one to a
hundred.
How good of a driver are you?
What'd you say?
I would say 70.
Okay.
The uh, me too.
So we don't need to switch positions or anything, but maybe I could spot for you like a, like
a, the rally driving teams do.
I could call corners and shit for you and tell you where the bad guys are.
Hell yeah.
That's dope.
Sweet.
So with a city police car right behind you in chase, it is going to start with Clark
Bishop's turn.
What would you like to do?
Hunker down.
I don't want to be in the window.
Okay.
Go ahead and roll stealth.
Uh, fail 43 on a 30.
Okay.
You just can not get your legs.
So like those whole backseat is just filled with like a bunch of tactical gear and all
sorts of weird like devices and machinery.
And there's all these things that are in the floorboards.
So your feet can't occupy that space and it's making your head stick up in the window in
the back.
Keith, what are you doing?
Is there a shotgun back here?
There's a shotgun like in the middle.
Yeah.
I grab it, roll the window down and shoot at the driver.
All right.
Roll firearms.
Fail 92 on a 70.
Oof.
As the, as the car takes a corner, you just like fire and miss very badly.
But thankfully there are no pedestrians around.
No bleak looking haggard fools running about and for you to accidentally shoot Thomas.
Can I make like a drive roll to assist him?
You absolutely can.
Okay.
43 on a 70.
All right.
He is going to, he rolled a 67 against a 72.
Look out, school bus up ahead, 200 yards on the rack.
He slides like his back end whips almost touching the school bus.
And as you guys pass, you see just like all these kids with their nasty grubby little
fingers on the windows, just like looking down like, oh wow.
And like give him a wink.
It cuts into slow-mo as John Lee Pettymore winks at them out the window.
And then it immediately goes back into normal speed as the car just dips away right before
the police car behind just slams into the school bus about halfway in between the middle.
Oh no.
Oh, hell, hell yeah.
I manifested that guys.
I just put what I wanted out into the universe and that's the secret.
I'm going to have whoever has the highest luck roll a luck check on this one.
Got a 55.
That's you.
Go ahead and roll that luck baby.
This is to see if another police car is within the area.
No, that's not good.
That's a hundo.
Oh fuck.
I saw the zero zero and I was like.
At ease.
We're set.
Two police cars immediately are on your tail.
Good thing school's just getting out.
Clark Bishop.
We just learned a great trick.
It is your turn.
Can I look through the stuff that's in the back seat here for anything that I could throw
out the window that would act as, I mean, spike strip especially, but just something
that they would hit that would make their car fucked up.
Yeah.
Roll search for me.
You have a great search.
I got a 20.
I do not pass.
You find two pairs of flip flops.
Toss them out the window.
Take that.
Keith, what are you doing?
Is it really going down?
I want to aim the shotgun.
I want to shoot one of the flip flops out of the air and then shoot at the driver of
the closest car.
Like to intimidate them with your marksmanship?
Back off, buddy.
Yeah, he throws them out and I just go and then aim at the driver.
We're a traveling circus act.
What just demonstrates that we're accurate and we have ammunition to spare.
We are not to be fucked with.
Those are two very intimidating factors.
Don't need to roll twice.
You would need to roll once.
And no shortage of footwear.
Nine.
You do exactly what you called the flip flop actually lands on the windshield with a buckshot
like through the middle of it.
And then another fire just eviscerates the flip flop on the windshield as the windshield
busts out and you see a spray of blood.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Intimidated them to death.
Roll 2D6.
Thank you.
Shit.
Wow.
Fuck.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah.
I let him borrow a 2D6.
I'll take those back and burn them in shame.
Oh yeah.
So I got a one and a one.
The officer turns on the windshield wipers and you see that it wasn't blood that sprayed.
They were holding a red smoothie of some sort in front of them that happened to explode.
And a jelly doughnut.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
And the jelly just flies about through the car and uh.
And now they're real mad.
But he's going to take a negative twenty on the next drive check so Thomas would you like
to attempt the same thing or are you going to do something different?
Uh I'll go ahead and try to support again.
Fuck.
Seventy one on the seventy.
Woah.
So some.
Oh he passed and the cop behind failed so as you are going through an intersection you
have got the red light and he punches it as a semi goes right behind him and it takes
out one of the cop cars just like rams directly into the trailer of the semi pretty much taking
off the entire top of the car.
However you see the second police car fly around the semi and it's still on your tail.
Go ahead and.
Someone better compose some kick ass hillbilly jangle and chase music for this.
Woo hoo.
Limp contention boys are at it again.
Clark Bishop topped the line up what are we doing?
Frustrated that all of his non-lethal attempts have failed I'm going to roll down the window
and try to shoot out a tire.
Alright roll firearms.
Nice.
A pass.
A six on an eighty.
Alright that is going to give a negative forty to the drive check of the driver on this next
attempt.
Keith Vigno what are we doing?
I'm doing the same thing shooting at the driver again.
Alrighty.
Eleven.
Good pass.
Nice.
Actually you know what on a crit just describe how the car wrecks when you murder the driver.
Well what I do is I aim the shotgun at the passenger kill him and then just chuck the
shotgun at the driver and we're going fast enough that it just impales the driver through
the head.
Then the driver falls on his steering wheel the car takes a sharp right and just starts
rolling and then yeah stops.
It stops.
And then it explodes.
God damn Keith.
Hell yeah.
I blow off the smoke from my finger gun.
Those guys were definitely just corrupt cops in the pocket of Marvin Glass right?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
I think they implied.
I heard them say that.
Let's tell ourselves that.
I think the last time in our past lives we found out that most of the police force was
in Marvin's pocket you're correct.
Okay so we don't have to feel any kind of way about slaying our brothers in arms just
indiscriminately we can just do that all over the streets of the city.
You're right Jon you gotta be right.
And we're gonna have fun doing it.
Let's go ahead and get some sanity checks to see if that rationalization actually plays
out in your minds or whether you're just saying it out loud.
No.
36 on a 14.
I fail.
13 on an 8.
I'm not rolling.
Oh shit has that always been an option?
No I have a thing that Luke doesn't have to roll sanity when he doesn't feel like it.
When it would be the reason for the sanity is an emotional reason because Keith Vigna
has no empathy in his body.
I have no empathy and I don't care when other people die.
I want that.
Go crazy.
And with that I'm gonna have Thomas and Joe leave the room.
Luke Leon drives free and you hear the sirens fade in the distance but as your heartbeat
is calming down you notice Clark Bishop and John Lee Pettymore begun diving into themselves
mentally and they both begin murmuring and muttering 2 1 8 2 1 3 5 1 8 1 5 2 9 1 4.
You recognize it as the sequence.
You are all writing upstairs in the office of Bruce Robin that you have translated and
this man I believe Clark told you his name is Leon Simpson.
He looks at you.
Oh good.
You're not.
Okay so we got one of you.
What the f- Do you know about this?
I've heard that number before.
We've seen it.
Yeah it was all over the place upstairs when I came in.
Yeah I mean so we deciphered one that we'd seen in Bruce Robin's house that said Harriet
Marks I think let me think and I you know like jot down what I can remember of that
number and start doing the same thing and I'm it says Bruce Robin.
It says Bruce Robin.
They're just repeating Bruce Robin over and over?
Yeah.
Before you showed up we all the all the numbers on the wall we I don't remember doing any
of it but I just kind of snapped out of it and and you know woke up just covered in blood
and we looked like we'd written that all over the walls.
I don't know.
I mean obviously we killed Bruce.
I don't know why they're chanting it though.
Oh no no I guess we we got in a scuffle with him and then he killed himself.
He shot himself?
He shot himself.
Okay.
Yeah with his with his gun.
Because it made it look like a suicide before I came in and made it look like a murder suicide.
No he uh he killed himself.
Do you have any idea why?
He was chanting some weird shit.
I was expecting him to try to kill us and not I didn't expect him to kill himself.
I'm Leon by the way.
I'm oh shit.
Keith, Keith Figna.
How did.
Oh you're you're Fergie's brother?
Yeah.
That must have been a hell of a childhood.
It wasn't fun.
Yeah that guy's a dick.
How did you know him?
What do you mean how did I know him?
I'm in the circle of knowledge.
Was Fergie in the circle of knowledge?
Oh you really don't know anything do you?
No.
There's a lot of stuff I don't know.
Well that might work out in our favor for now.
Can you at least tell me that though was Fergie in the circle of knowledge?
Yeah.
Shit.
Did you know your brother at all?
Not really not since we were kids.
I just thought he.
What is Bar Corp?
Was Bruce Robin in the circle of knowledge?
Bruce had his own ideas of what was good to do in this world but I think he meant well
and you know Ferguson used him because he was so goddamn smart but yeah.
You know it's it's probably better that you learn this from someone else but your your
brother is a I mean he's a dick but he's a good man you know he's he's working he's trying
to keep the or he was trying to keep the world safe in a way in his own way in our
own way but more and more I'm starting to question whether or not our version of the
world is worth saving.
This is you said we're going to see Harriet Marks I thought she killed herself.
She did kill herself we got to find out why and what led up to that.
What's important about her though like she was just a kid and he opens up the glove box
right in front of you I just got a hold of these he hands you a file folder full of pictures
he's like I got these recently from the investigation in on Harriet Marks's apparent suicide I mean
you can see for yourself spray-painted all over her dorm room one five two two five one
eight one nine five five one eight have you just have you figured out what that means
yet well it is only through death that he may live where have I heard that before and
he looks in his rearview mirror at Clark Bishop who is mumbling these numbers to himself
over and over and over.
It's only through death that he may live that's that wasn't a something that Clark found it
was a picture of a drawing of somebody in a hood and and written scrawled in there over
and over and over again was that like what do you know that from?
Your partner Clark Bishop is not a man it's more than a man I don't know if he's always
been more than a man or if it's just his future or destiny or I don't even know if I believe
in that anymore but your your partner Clark Bishop looking at him still through the rearview
mirror he is a god he is a savior Clark and I look at him and how do you know this it's
been a prophecy within the circle of knowledge for as long as the circle of knowledge has
existed I don't know how to tell you this but Clark Bishop is the overseer and he will
eventually in the past start the circle of knowledge like he time travels or and at that
moment John Lee Pettymore and Clark Bishop snap out of it.
How am I the only one trying to pull over How can you have enough drowning out of the
circle of knowledge How can you have enough drowning out of the circle of knowledge
