Come tidings to all of our listeners here on KITI City Radio, where the only thing softer than the vibe is the K in our name.
I'm your host, Steve Innsmouth, filling in for Barry Nasti for the foreseeable future.
Let us slide right into what is, personally, to me, my favorite segment, in my opinion, within the show.
It's time for,
Hey There Steve, where listeners here in the city can send thoughts and opinions to be read by me, your host, now and forever,
Steve Innsmouth, your host. This listener wants to remain anonymous,
but I think we all know there is no hiding when you open your stupid fucking mouth and try to speak truth to power.
They write,
Hey there, Steve. Big fan. Love the new direction for the show.
Anywho, wowee, are things getting out of control here in the city. When the hospital caught fire and killed all those innocent children,
we all said, wowee, it can't get worse than this.
But Goobers Gracious did it. With the death of Ferguson Beans following Bruce Robin to sell off Raw Beans Industries to an overseas
conglomerate, the unemployment rate has skyrocketed. We need someone to step up and do something about it.
Wow, yes, and that's not to mention the catastrophic news of the evacuation of our neighboring town,
Contention, due to a chemical spill from what was once Perdition,
but is now unincorporated land west of the soon-to-also-be unincorporated town of Contention.
Well, if there's one thing we here at KITI City Radio know, the only thing most people do in the face of abject horror and
conscious destruction is to chill the fuck out and listen to House Fire by Someone Still Loves You Boris Yeltsin.
Oh
I distinctly remember where we left off.
Are we all sounding good?
Checka one two penis in the poo. Checka da chiney the Chinese chicken. Okay, so this morning I woke up at eight and
Taylor is normally gone for work by
seven. What time does school start? I don't know. I think she has to be there like
720 or 730 or something like that and they're really not sure when it starts, but I woke up at eight and
My phone is over by my bathroom. So I immediately went and had my morning
constitutional and
During said poop. I
Heard footsteps in the living room that walked
very carefully into the guest bathroom and
Then closed the door and then it was silent
And my heart was beating
So fast like out of my chest and my contacts weren't in and I was pooping
So I like and you're also like super small and cannot defend yourself
Exactly so I
silently wiped and then like
got up and like tiptoed across my room in my underwear and put in my contacts and then
Got my phone and dialed 911 and like had my
thumb like ready to call it and I like creeped down the hallway and
The door is closed to the guest bathroom and I couldn't hear anything coming from inside
and so I tiptoed past to the kitchen and I grabbed my chef's knife and
Then in my boxer briefs
Holding my cell phone with 911 ready to go and a chef's knife in my other hand busted into our guest bathroom and
She she was home sick
Busted in on my sick tired early morning wife with with a knife
That's hilarious. How was that? We were both horrified
Damn
Dude
So anyway the winner that's hilarious though the winner of this bloody beating stumbles to his feet
Exhausted and panicked. Hold on. I want to hit that one more time
You gotta give it a little contact every little heads up
The winner of this bloody beating stumbles to his feet
Exhausted and panicked he begins to run back to his personal cage
Open and locked into place on the side of the hanging plexiglass room
But he slips on the blood from the young boy beaten and prostrate. He looks terrified
You realize why when the ceiling begins to lower it is slow
But ceaseless the weekend champion boy scrapes and crawls just quickly enough
To slide into his cube of metal bars as the ersatz ceiling closes in on the perforated floor
eliciting a guttural moan from the now deceased
crushed
juiced boy
The blood rains down onto the gaudy and deranged crowd below many holding their mouths open and tongues out
Like an innocent child trying to taste snowflake
The cages attached at either end of this hanging chamber one holding the tired winner and the other vacant
Unlock and detach moving along the ceiling mounted conveyor belt and through a dark exit in the far corner away from you
John Lee Pettymore Keith Vigna Clark Bishop
you sit smushed into cages alongside Doug Jacobs and FBI agent Trent Chad's body a
Man, so massive his muscles are bulging against the metal bars and a boy who looks so underfed and sickly
He could likely slip right out of the cage. I want to fight the boy
Man this is
This won't be good it sounds good to be rich
Dude, I would love to watch someone get smushed through tiny holes and then try to drink their blood. Yeah, who we
You're juiced
Juiced okay. Tell us what happens next
Like the world's most elaborate ninja
That's a juicer, right
What
Yeah, okay and then just like a blender like a smoothie blender, oh
Wow, Oh blender would be cool for another like
That for later blender would be a great name for a bisexual dating app. Yep. I was gonna say like grinder blender
It's extremely good. Yeah, it probably is. Yeah likely anyway
Bloodsport. Is there anything on my person? No, I've got my underwear and I've got a gun and you can feel
You can feel your tiny powerful gun in your underwear Keith throbbing in my pants. I
Watch all of this in horror. Oh, yeah, everyone roll sanity
Whoops oh
Shit I rolled it too and then knocked my microphone over as I
Can I use some celebration but I got it too. Hell yeah the last time I'll probably pass sanity for a while
I
Passed I got a 15 in class buddies. I
Did not pass. Okay, Keith you lose one sanity
How did I I think Clark and John are likely confident that they can win in a fistfight?
Well Keith just saw himself
Did get juiced?
In his own mind so
We're in cages like all along the walls of this cube basically, so I'm picturing it as the cube is
Like an elongated room in the middle hanging above and then separately on the walls like all along the ceiling are
Different conveyor belt lines and they can move the cages all around the room. Gotcha
Okay, and you guys are on one side of them up against the wall
Yeah, the six cages how soon does it look like we're gonna be up on the conveyor?
Well, there are only six cages and you're three people
So it's the boy the guy the huge guy us three and Doug
Yeah, Chad in agent Chad's body. Hey, hey Doug
Yeah
Calm down buddy. It's alright
Do you still feel like you need to do everything we say
Just do you want me to
What do you mean? Don't worry about it. I yell over it. I am not worried about it anymore. I yell over Doug
I'm like also, yeah, if if you fight one of us and you lose your nightmare is over and you'll wake back up
Yeah, does anybody have anything on them
I don't know who's listening right now
So I kind of like look at both of you and I kind of like make like the shooty gun
hand and then point to my underwear and I'm like
Trying to give a sign like do you know you've got visibly shaking? He said no, like I don't want that my man
Okay, I don't want to say it out loud
So I don't I like kind of like do some kind of motion to try to get you guys to know
But I'm not gonna be like, yeah, I have a gun in my pants Keith
Just whisper what you're trying to say in my ear and then do the same for I'm in a cage
Are we that close? Oh, I thought we were all in one. You're extremely close, but you're in separate cages
Yeah, so that's why I was doing that. So I was picturing. Yeah, I do not I do not say
That I have it out loud
Can I swing my cage back and forth the cages connected on?
Some kind of sturdy rod at least like two points gotcha
So you could probably shake a little back and forth, but it's not gonna move very much
Doing so however elicits no response from the crowd below as they are far too concerned. Just
Raging like they're drinking
Okay, so if we if I look around hold on let's I want to pee on them
Yeah, okay
How powerful is John Lee Pettymore stream solid you just make him do a p-roll. Okay. Yeah, that's right. Can you roll?
Constitution
At a negative 20
Sure
99 a crit fail involving my penis. Yep. That's absolutely correct. I
John Lee Pettymore
struggles to remove
his
penis from his underwear to urinate on the crowd below
He slips within the cage and falls
dick first onto the bottom of the cage and
you fall right on the bottom of your shaft and
as you begin to urinate it is
Red as it comes out and a couple people who are closest to where you're at who are part of the crowd
notice and
begin to
bathe in your
Bloody your urine. Yeah, I thought they might
You lose one hit point
Okay, I want to scan the faces of the crowd right now know anybody yes
You would notice I think especially Clark Bishop wouldn't would know the faces of these people
The mayor the DA and the chief of police are all in attendance of the city of the city
Oh, okay. I want to look around the crowd and see if I can see if there's like
Someone in a position that looks like they are
Controlling this event like a MC or like the host of the game that's going on
so there is a bar on one far side of the room with one bartender and
Sitting at the bar is a lone figure who is
Dressed in all black. He is of
Average build he's about six feet tall. He has light brown hair and a mustache
He is wearing tight black pants and he has a dead stare with scars on his forehead and neck
Do they look like wounds or like ritual?
ritualistic scars they look medical from
You can see very well from what you're at
Luke the room is
Laid out pretty bare
Really? There's just this bar on one side. They're seating all around not in the splash zone
that some people are in but the majority of the crowd is in this middle section with couches and
recliners and pallets of pillows and and papa songs in which I had
Yes, absolutely papa songs from Pier one
I
Thought you'd made a fancy word for beanbag chair. Probably not from Pier one at a party. That's fancy. No, it's gone now here
They blew their budget on the blood dome, yeah
It must have been pretty expensive so so when I look down at the bar and I see that guy do I
Does he stand out as somebody whom he's the only guy at the bar, right? Yeah, okay
He seems like he's just watching over everyone and not partaking of anything
Necessarily and most people aren't in the blood pit. Most people are Oh are okay
Most people are there's just a few sitting about and even they might be, you know a bit splattered
But they have since walked away to regain their composure. Okay, but everybody looks like they're taking part
There's no people like sitting out except for bar a bar guy. Okay bartender
Can I do a quick estimate in my head about how blood drenched all the people are and how many fights they've seen
These people were pretty clean. Okay up until this this recent and about how many people are we talking 25 30? Okay
Slightly intimate blood Bowl exactly. So how far away from each other? Are we in our cages two feet? Okay. Hey
John Clark
Like try to get their attention
Yeah, are we gonna wait until we fight or or like do you have a plan to get out?
I have no idea what to do right now
Oh
I thought you were talking about your dick falling off which mine just kind of did know that looked very painful, but
What the fuck are we what are we gonna do right now?
Clark is purposefully remaining silent
but Keith just kind of sent him into a panic realizing that there is no plan and
He wants to start like shaking at the tops of the cage the sides of the cage
see if you can get anything to give way as you begin doing so you feel the conveyor belt begin to move and
Clark Bishop's cage begins moving no, no, no, no, no boys boys. No
I try to reach my hand out through the bars to like grab his hand
I reach out to grab and as your hands embrace
they just as quickly release as
Clark begins
moving inside of his cage toward the plexiglass room hanging above and one other cage also
begins moving to the other side of the plexiglass cage and in it resides a
sickly
sad
tired looking
boy, the cages make their way to either side of the plexiglass room and
Lock into place before the doors
Open and a buzzer
Sounds the crowd goes wild
John shouts kick his ass Clark
What's the kid how's the kid look what's he doing the kid is sitting in his cage and as his door opens he slowly
crawls out and stands as tall as he can and then begins hitting his chest as
Hard as he can and he begins screaming at his feet just
And this is a 12 year old boy
Clark is yelling down through the holes in the ground
So somebody stop this. I'm not gonna kill a kid
Are you still in your cage, I'm gonna say no, I've already said I was screaming down through those holes. Oh, right
Okay, nothing happens. Well, he's down there
Can I like look at my cage and see like obviously one end opens up into the plexiglass?
what I'm trying to do is
Find which edge that is and see if there's any way to like get it open before it hits the plexiglass
Got you I have 50 lock picking you do I do but you don't under craft lock picking tools with you
I know that you have the skill of locking but you don't have the tools with you and there's no lock on your cage
So, but he knows stuff things. So I but he knows how things open and close, right?
So I am able to identify which side of the cage opens up
Yeah, and I'll let you roll that Oh when you want to attempt to try to open that door, okay
It's not gonna be right now, but for sure
Clark is pounding on the plexiglass trying to see if there's any person giving more attention than anybody else roll alertness
Fail okay
Clark you feel a tiny foot run straight into the side of your head as this boy is
Flung himself through the air at you and you did not see him coming you take one point of damage as he rolls across you and
You hit the ground
The fight has begun. What would you like to do that kick in the head sent me into a rage
And I yell and I turn and I I want to pummel the kid I roll on armed combat I
Hit my number exactly exactly
That's the best thing you can roll without hurting. I've got a negative now, don't I you have a negative 20, dude
We all do. Yep
Yeah, oh, we're all gonna suck it come bad if we I didn't set it up. Did you guys on our combat?
I know I've got 40 a horse. I have a 70 in it. Oh shit
You're the only one I had a hope
Okay, both rolling. Yeah, I failed. So did the boy in his
In his attempt tiny orphan legs shattered
and the two of you begin grappling it is his turn and he is going to try to
Pin you to the ground
Pass I rolled a crit fail
So I would like you to describe as this kid tries to grapple you what you do with his body
I picture that I was he was starting to get me down on the ground and I use that momentum
Because he's a small little boy and I'm a big man and I use that momentum to flip around and I'm now on top of him
So I've reversed that attempted grapple. Absolutely a roll alertness for me
Pass you see his eyes begin to widen as he looks up and
you hear the creaking of the ceiling begin to
Make its way toward you. You still have the upper hand. What do you do? I clobber him in his face
All right, go ahead and roll that. I'm gonna roll to try to defend myself
Pass and he fails once again, so you can roll a d4 for damage. Oh
You getting hit with a four my boy
So
You just like grab the front of his hair and begin smashing his head into the plexiglass in my mind
I'm doing it just enough to get him unconscious. I don't want to kill him. All right, okay as you're doing this
He's gonna try to grab your hands your arms your forearms to push you away from him
So roll one more time for me an arm. Yes, sir
Pass I rolled another crit fail. Are you crit failing all of them? Really? I rolled I've rolled 88 twice. Holy shit
Those are good die
How do you make this kid unconscious as the ceiling begins to close in on you guys I'm doing the head slamming thing
Into the ground and then when I feel like I've got him like within an inch of his life
I'm doing a my hardest right hook to the face
By trying to knock him out purposefully as your fist connects with the young
It's the kid from mid-90s. It's the kid from it's the baby child from mid-90s and
The kid with the list from stranger things
Into the ground
He's like, I'm sorry sir, I didn't
so
With one last right hook your fist connects and moves through his baby fragile chin and
His neck kind of goes limp as he hits the ground
It is up to you what you do next as it's not this boy's turn because this boy
Dustin
Is unconscious I stand over him breathing heavy and I'm yelling to the crowd
He kicked me first. He kicked me first. God damn it. They are laughing their asses off. They're
uproariously giggling all of them
The ceiling is
Closing in on you is my cage door open your cage door is open
I'm gonna try and drag the kid into the cage with me. Awesome. First. I need you to roll Constitution
Is that does that get a negative with the willpower stuff? Yes, okay
I rolled an eight
helipass
Congratulations, so you feel a tinge of pain in your chest
Where you felt that tightness this morning when you woke up in a cab?
but you push through the pain and grab this boy and begin to drag him across and toward your cage and
When you get there, do you throw him into the cage first or do you get in?
I'm dragging him in my mind and I'm backing my end of the cage first myself and trying to pull him in exactly with me
As soon as you get in everything works out and you are free to go. Everything's great
confetti pours from the ceiling and a big banner falls down that says I
Happy we love you. Happy birthday promotion Clark and it's it's
It's that Michael
Michael Douglas Michael W Smith the game. Who's that?
Michael Michael that oh, no, the game is Neil Strauss
No, the main actor in the movie the game. I don't know the game. Anyway, I hate that. I know who wrote the game
Is that the game the shitty red pill thing?
Yeah
definitely Clark
When you drag this boy into the cage with you as soon as his body enters the cage alongside yours the entire
cage becomes
electromagnetic and you feel an
Intense burning shock going through all of the skin that's touching the bars of your cage
Stand on the kid. I need you
actually
It does for damage. Holy shit to you as you smell
What is that delicious smell Thomas? Is it the skin of Clark Bishop? It is your skin smells pretty good Clark
Oh
Where's the kid's body right now?
It's like kind of on you like a half in and half out of the cage as you continue to get
Burned up by the bars. I don't want to let his body go
But I want to push it toward the put into the plexiglass room so that it's not in the cage at all
Oh as you do that the burning sensation stops
All right, I'm just staying like that for a little while
Okay, the ceiling comes down and
the ceiling touches the boy's head and then it's
lower and lower and Clark shoves the boys
lifeless limp body
onto the floor of the plexiglass room as the ceiling comes down and
smashes
completely leveling this boy's skin and bones
Into this weird pulp this dark
oily pulp that begins
Raining down on the crowd below who are losing their fucking minds. They are
loving it
Your cage door closes and you begin to move your conveyor belt moves
Along the line and it's heading toward the dark exit that the other boy had gone through
But at the very last second it stops and you have full sight of the room
It's for a plot reason and not so that you can just stay in the room
From my vantage point am I how far away like what's my new position in the room?
You are 20 yards away from the plexiglass which leads you to be
50 yards away from
your
Fellow police officers ass fucking room Clark is just gonna look wild-eyed at my officer friends and maybe shaking his head
No, so I need to do sanity
Clark can you roll sanity for me? Obviously? What's
Holy shit, I does sanity get a negative if sanity got a negative. I would have a negative. Yeah, let's say no sanity's just
Yeah, let's let's say no, okay
Let's I know cuz in fact
I I would even venture to say that being because like exhausted and not quite in touch with reality would make it
Yeah, I'm gonna give you a plus 20 while you take no, no, I'm not kidding while you take a negative 20 on everything else
Let's do a plus 20 on sanity. Actually, that's kind of fucking dope. Okay, that's a that's a fine trade for me
Yeah, yeah, I like that. I will gladly take a plus 20 to sanity. So you pass I pass either way
Okay, so John and Keith you are in cages
alongside a
Doug in the FBI body as well as a extremely large
bulgus man and
You notice both of us. No, I said bulgus. Okay
Which means like a bulger bulgarious exactly
And
So
You would notice this guy actually has a massive tattoo on his back. That says mayhem, which is pretty cool
I show him my matching tattoo and a wink just Clark see that from across the room
Yeah, you might be able to see that. Am I two feet away from this guy as well? Yeah. Hey, dude, what's your name?
Ozzie yes Ozzie. What are you what? How did you wind up in this predicament? Well
You see I am cage fighter
Can I do this voice? Yeah, we're not with them anymore. So
He I am cage fighter and
What's your stage name?
well, I am Oz mayhem as you may see from my tattoo on my back and my last name is wolf and
my brother Elby, he he owed the glass family lots of money and
I went to fight in the scrap pit for him to try to earn this money and
You know, I was quite good. I was quite good at it
I still am and I was winning all of this money and my lifestyle became more and more
Extravagant until I couldn't afford the lifestyle. I wanted to live any longer and
So as it goes I currently own
Marvin glass a lot of money and
So he has me fighting in here as a way to get through this scrap pit is Marvin glass in this room
No, I do not think so. He'd like looks around and he's like no I do not see him
Do you know who that guy is and I point down to the guy at the bar? Oh, yes, that's Marvin security
His name is Kevin. What if I could get Marvin glass a large sum of money?
Would he let us out of these cages out of these cages no if he has you in here it is clearly for sport
Okay, how many times have you won this? Have you been in this predicament? Yes, but this is easy
They mostly throw children at you and that is fine. It is nothing to kill a child
It is much easier than beating down say a planet juggernaut. I
look down at my hands and I
Think about the possibility of me having to fight this guy and I start silently sobbing to myself
and
Then I look up at the part of the cage that I had found opens and I try my damnedest to open it up
All right, as you begin to fiddle with it your cage begins moving toward the plexiglass
Chamber, I mean one other I want to yeah, who's the other cage as you look behind you you see?
John Lee Pettymore's cage is
Also moving and the two of you begin to travel. Okay. Can I try the fucking bastard?
And I need you to roll your lot picking at 50 at a negative 20
99
Guys these dice have been rolling it real low for me tonight
You
Don't want our us to get our 99 filth on your desk
Keith as you fiddle with your cage
You almost get it unlocked and as the cage door
Begins to unhinge and move out of place you feel the most intense burning sensation
All over your skin that is touching these metal bars and you take
For damage putting your hit points at what for
And your cage attaches and locks into place across from John Lee Pettymore's cage
Which also locks into place in?
between you is a bloody pulpy pool and
your cage doors
open I
Look over John
And get my gun out and I just start shooting
Down at the bottom of the plexiglass to see if I can break a hole into it
I start jumping up and down
I run out of my cage and jump up and down on the spots where he's shot and try to smash through
Yes, yeah fuck yeah, yeah hell yeah that absolutely works they don't think you have a gun
Especially an extremely powerful gun that's super small for some reason exactly. I brought probably the best one with me
so
Do I need to roll anything for that?
No
You're just shooting a gun into the ground as long as you don't hit yourself actually go ahead and roll
Roll me dice and if the if the pair it's at 99 again, you know, that won't we do
Well immediately ricochets under your brain
53 yeah, yeah sure. Okay. So what do you what do you want to happen here?
I guess we never really talked about this gun. How many rounds do I hold in this gun?
It has as many rounds as until I find plot interesting enough and you current failing enough for you
okay, so I
Petty more and I lock eyes. I
Pull out the gun and I just start in a circle shooting and I see as each bullet hits
The plexiglass cracks a little more and petty more sees the cracks
I start jumping up and down and I'm I'm expecting if we go like I'm looking at the motherfucker
I'm trying to land on like so as I fall through I do a
Six shots in a circle. He's jumping and I start jumping after that and I am also aiming at a big
Fat ugly motherfucker in a papasan right below me as I'm jumping
I
Clark in his cage is losing his mind cheering. This is the best thing he's ever seen
I want you to know the crowd is also
Freaking out and super into this like they are so excited right now
Except for like half of them who kind of understand what's happening
Were any of them hit by stray rounds going through the if you're really paying that close of attention
Yeah, absolutely a couple went straight through some noggins and how does the crowd react to that?
They begin lapping up the blood. Yeah. Yeah as the two of you jump up and down
I think three times
on that third jump the plexiglass breaks and the two of you on a
circular plexiglass
punctuated
perforated platform land
Square on top of the fattest ugliest motherfucker you've ever seen sit in a papasan chair
He completely out. Oh, I see you've heard of body flattened before
Watch bodies flat
our slash
plexiglass
That's a fat guy's in a papasan guinea
Oh, so you've been to top post yeah
Yeah
So top all time as this happens the crowd begins to go wild and you are now
Amidst this crowd who does not know
whether or not to continue to soak up the blood of those who have fallen or
To run away in terror. The first thing I do upon landing is aim my gun at Kevin
And fire a single shot hoping to hit his chest roll firearms. I
Do not pass you shoot right over his shoulder and nailed the bartender who flies back into the mirror on the back of the bar
And is crunched up against the bar. Can I take one one more shot? No, John. What do you do? Ah,
Okay, give me a second. No, so okay. Well, then I have an answer. I
Just wanted to think of a better one, but John just runs into the crowd
John without even taking a look around just like runs at this first motherfucker in front of them and tackles him
It's a dude with like an extremely curly mustache and he has a massive
Ascot flowing out from underneath one of his vests and you just lay him the fuck out
Yeah, I just want to go GTA on as many people in this room as I can until
Consequences catch up with me Clark. What are you doing? I want to be spitting them
Be careful
Can you roll a spitting check now, oh
Wait, wait, I have an I have a line to add to what I said as he's beating people. He's just like you broke my dick
Good, let's take it from the top. Yes. It is a unseasonably warm. I
Want to be Keith this time. Oh, I'll be the goo
Okay, as John Lee Pettymore is laying into just any person around him he's just screaming you bastards broke
my dick
Clark who you spitting on everyone
Everyone that's below me. I'm really hawking as hard as I can. I'm doing it out of spite
Maybe maybe I'll get somebody to look up and I'm really trying to spit on them
Wing Jeff
Do you
There's some pretty hard spits too because you're pretty dehydrated
Can I go again or is it everyone else's turn that what happens right now?
It's everyone else's turn and the crowd begins to dissipate
There are about five people who are so enthralled with the entire
Situation that they are just lapping up the blood on the floor
Snorting it licking at it everything they can do to get others blood in their body
Standing at the bar is Kevin who has not moved Keith. What do you do? I run up to the bar and
Try to tackle Kevin. Okay roll unarmed combat at a negative 20. Oh, I think it was gonna be strength, but okay
I've been having some damn bad rolls his luck a thing still
Yeah, I want to spend some
Yeah, dope, okay, so I rolled a 93 woof
So dick, what do I need to do to use some luck here?
What is your unarmed combat at a negative 20 20 so you would have to spend 73 luck to get a success?
I don't have that. So just is there anything else I can do? No, okay
Well, I mean if you're that desperate, what did you point out determine outcome you use all your points that would take desperation
Yes, okay. I use all of my point
I was just pointing it out. Okay, I don't
Don't do it. I okay. I'll be the devil now
I run I run up to I run up to the bar and I see Kevin and I just run at him
And I jump off my feet into the air and trying to just like grab on to him
so he rolled a success and
He is gonna use all of that momentum against you as he he reaches forward and also ducks out of the way and
slams your head directly into the bar and you take
Six damage, okay
Four. Yeah, you're dead. So I am gonna use 30 luck points to avoid death. Hell yeah. Hell yeah
First big luck spin to the game. So that puts me at 35 and avoid death
But tell me how that works. So basically what happens is you move toward Kevin and
Kevin slams your head directly into the bar and you go blank completely unconscious and
You are bleeding out onto the ground
He looks down at you and then with completely cold dead eyes just walks away. You're dead
He's just gonna move on. Okay, I
I
Mean you're not dead cuz you spent the light but
Essentially, I'm out for the time being you are dead. So what's your look at now? 35
Clark, what do you do? How's the spittin going? Oh, man, you'd like you've hit one out of every ten spits
Which is good. It's really good. It's a far distance to spit. You know, you gotta at least get ten yards
You also did just see me get destroyed. So maybe
Maybe you're mad and you do something
I do want to try and start shaking my cage and see if I can break the motherfucker off the track
I shake so hard. I shake so hard. I
Vibrate so hard within the cage
No, I want to take both hands on each side of the cage and just throwing my weight back and forth
Do you wait back and forth?
roll constitution first with a negative 20 I
Pass a
13 on a 45 nice
So now roll strength because your chest is feeling that tight tight pain that it felt earlier
But you're able to continue and fight through it. I
Rolled a 13 again with different dice. I swear to God watching it happen. Everybody can see it's insane
You roll better than anyone I've ever met in my entire life. They're all lying
I
Rolled a 73 on the same pair of dice
Yeah, I passed it's also at a 45 with the mate with the minus. Okay, you you begin rocking back and forth John
what do you do I
Stop dead in my tracks when I see what happened to Keith
And I want to run over to check on him and also get his gun you run over and grab the gun out of Keith's
Hand as you do so you look up and you see Kevin who's standing at the bar Kevin can wait
We
Zach wrote that entire
You look in Kevin's eyes and
You get this weird feeling
because
You you feel like you know him. It's almost like you recognize him
But you don't you've never seen this this guy before
And his cold dead stare straight at you
for just a second flickers and
His eyes change and they look at you
with this
remembering and
Then it is immediately back to these cold eyes
I want to try to take the moment that he was off guard to shoot him in the face. Go for it
At a negative 20. Yeah
52 on a 60 so you fire a couple rounds
completely shaken not able to even hold this gun steady at all you miss and
And
He stares at you and then he just runs out of the room as fast as he can
John I'm standing you're standing Asian in confusion penis nursing your penis at the bar
Can I see what my other cage mates are doing like agent Doug Chad and his mayhem still in his?
Yeah, they're both in theirs. They're freaking out there. I mean, they're trying to pay attention. They're looking all around the room
Can I yell to Doug Chad? Yeah, sure break out of your cage, man. I
Thought about just asking him to do that earlier like Doug get out
It could work
Let's see Doug flips the obvious like lever
All right, now what it pulls another lever and it just lowers gently to the floor
Keith you're laying lifeless on the ground
Clark is rocking back and forth in this cage
hanging next to an empty dark void leading to another room and
John is standing at the bar
all the people in this room are
freaking out and
Running here and there and the last few of them trail out of the room as you hear a
Snap and Clark's cage falls to the ground and breaks open upon impact Clark you take
Eight damage from the fall that puts me out
I I too will use 30 points of luck to avoid death. What were you at? Oh seven
So now I'm at 45. Look god damn god damn had I not just on a whim
Put that gun in my pants. I don't know how oh we would have figured we would have figured it out
But I just don't know what it would have been. I would like beating you to death with your forehead
I mean you you would you would have killed me because you would have been turned to a goo and then you would have spent
30 luck to come back
How would could we have done that?
What we could
Save this house
But it burns because it's wood
Name I smoked all day
You sleep in it all day
