Ho, ho, ho, my babies, it's your number one gift giver and home invader, Wolfy Claws.
And I'm here to throw copious amounts of garbage down your chimneys at night, whether you've
been naughty or nice.
Hope you put that fire out, because my gifts of garbage are good and grease-filled, baby.
And as always, we are delivering all that unholy holiday cheer live from 694.2 PTBP.
What's that smell in the air?
Is it holiday cheer and joy?
Is it the smoldering ashes of a house I accidentally ignited into flame from throwing greasy garbage
down their chimneys?
No, it's Howlin' with Wolf.
This week we got a new Howlin' with Wolf, and it comes from someone very close to my
heart.
Dear Wolf the Dog, You are handsome, you are beautiful.
When you command, people obey.
You are the master of trash, a savant of meat drippings, an academic of pandemics.
Just wanted to let you know how special you are to everyone, especially me, baby.
With great admiration, Wolf the Dog.
Now damn, that was a nice letter.
We should get more like that, I think.
This kind being must have massive intellect to compose such a letter.
If you want to write up something for your wolf to howl, remember to hit us up on one
of the various forms of social media and tag us.
Or give us a 5 star review on iTunes and all that jazz and send us a damn email for wolf's
sake.
Pretendinpod at gmail dot com, baby.
Also if you love the show like I do, consider becoming a subscriber over on patreon dot
com slash pretendinpod.
We got some nice exclusives for y'all over there.
Speaking of transition, it's the news.
Leon Dunn murdered some cops while leaving Bruce Robin's office.
The city PD tried to catch them contention boys, but the fast and furious car chase ended
after Keith threw a shotgun at the lead car so hard it buried itself into the driver,
causing the CPD cruiser to swerve and flip an absurd number of times.
The wake of destruction got to John and Clark, and they dived into their own consciousnesses,
unresponsive and chanting the numbers that translate to Bruce Robin.
Right before they snapped out of their weird trance-like state, Keith learned an ominous
fact from Leon Simpson.
Apparently Clark Bishop is the overseer, and in his future he will go back to the past
and found the circle of knowledge.
So uh, that's fun.
Y'all it's time to introduce a new one never heard before on this station.
It's my favorite Christmas song of all time, one that inspires joy and happiness to all
far and wide.
No matter the dimension, no matter the timeline, it's Mariah Carey's All I Want For Christmas
Is Kudzu With No Backbone.
Clark Bishop and John Lee Pettymore, you come to and you are sitting in the car with Leon
Simpson and Keith Vigna, and you are in a parking lot of CSU, City State University.
And Leon and Keith are just, Keith especially, is just...
I'm staring at you, mouth agape, like...
Keith?
Um...
Uh...
Uh...
Where...
Do you know?
Know...
Know what?
Where are we?
Yeah, I'm cool.
Leon touches your arm, Keith, and he says, it might not be time.
Oh, fuck.
I look at Leon, time for what?
Time for you guys to head on out.
So here's what I'm thinking, Keith and, what's your name, John?
If Keith and John want to go in from this way, her dorm is this next one right up here
and he points at a building, and you see the entire campus of CSU is dripping in holiday
festivities.
Before we get out of the car, I want to hand Clark the folder with the pictures and stuff
in it.
Do you remember what you were just doing?
We were in a car chase, I shot out a tire, I guess I don't remember how we got here though.
You and John were, you were just chanting those numbers.
Bruce Robin.
Nah, that didn't sound like us.
Over and over and over again.
I don't remember saying those numbers.
It was pretty freaky.
And when you open up the envelope, you see the inside of a dorm room that is a crime
scene.
Police tape is up and there are little, like, placards, you know, for evidence all over
the place and spray painted all over the walls and even, like, on the bed sheets and, like,
pillowcases and the desk and really anything.
Spray painted on there is 1-5-2-2-5-1-8-1-9-5-5-1-8.
I decoded that.
What's it say, Keith?
It says overseer.
Oh, that's what they called you.
Remember that thing, that thing at the funeral?
Yeah, the creepy thing.
Look at those numbers and I think that's what it called you.
That can't be right.
How, that wouldn't make...
What's stranger about that than, you know, anything we've experienced since the start
of this podcast?
Clark and I look at Leon.
I look at Leon too.
I look at you.
Why won't nobody look at me?
Leon, can you just, can you just tell him?
Keith, John, if you guys take the dorm room, Clark and I will head around to the other
side and get into the administration building.
Do you think I'm the overseer?
Yes.
What does that mean to you?
Clark, it's better not to think about it too much right now as it seems to be...
I don't know.
I was just telling Keith here.
I don't know if I believe in destiny anymore, but if the prophecies are true, then you will
eventually start the circle of knowledge in the past.
That sounds right.
Your old wizard self is running all over the fucking place in time, so...
Remember that book you found that had the drawing in it?
If Leon's right, that's, I think that's you.
Clark is doing what I'm doing now, sitting in stunned silence, mulling it all over.
Why'd you tell that girl to kill herself, man?
Do you remember what was written in that book?
It is only in death that he may rise again.
Yeah.
Horseshoes and hand grenades.
What did it actually say?
It is only through death that he may rise again.
Oh.
Pretty much nailed it.
Yeah, that was real good without consulting notes or anything.
I don't know why you ribbed him on that.
So do we have to kill Clark or...
No, no, God no.
I mean, Clark is our greatest asset.
I didn't know anything about that starting the circle thing, but Maggie did tell me that
that's kind of the whole point of the circle of knowledge, wasn't it to bring about the
Overseer?
Isn't that what she told me?
In a way, yes, but it's a matter of the end-of-the-world scenario that we've heard is perhaps coming
can pretty much only be stopped by the Overseer, so we're really hoping that you show up later
now.
Clark throws up.
The world?
It's just the world.
Hey, you got this, buddy.
Leon, there's a huge flaw here in this whole thing.
I don't do magic.
I don't know how to do magic.
Do you know how to do magic?
No.
I didn't even know magic was the thing until I saw Old Me.
You obviously do in the past when your future self creates it.
Does the circle know magic?
Can you teach me to do magic?
It's not really magic.
I've never seen...
Where is your sense of wonder, Leon?
Honestly, I've seen too much to wonder about anything anymore.
Have you talked to the Old Me?
Do you know that Old Me has been sticking his hands in our daily lives for the last
few days?
No, what?
Have you seen the video of the monkey who sticks his whole hand up a pug's butthole?
Yes, but hold on, what was the other thing?
That's what he's been doing to us.
I watch that every night before I go to sleep, but I haven't seen...
You're saying that...
Like John said, like a monkey sticking its whole hand up a pug's butthole.
He's been messing in our business, and we jump like that pug.
We don't like it.
What rude monkey is Old Clark?
What do you know about that?
I mean, obviously I know a lot about the monkey pug asshole stuff, but I'm very curious to
hear about the ways in which Old Clark has put his fist inside of you.
Don't get weird with it.
No, no, no, you know what I mean.
Just follow along with in the game we're playing.
It seems as though he's been helping us in sort of indiscriminate ways.
He tried to warn us a long time ago when none of us were around.
He went and talked to Drew and told him something terrible was going to happen.
That was Old Clark?
It wasn't me.
I thought that was just a double.
Well, if he's time traveling, I guess it could be a younger but not the oldest.
Oh, man.
These are ancient mysteries.
I don't know how it works.
We saw him in the mausoleum too.
He did something to us.
What do you mean?
I show whichever one.
What's on my chest again?
Marvin.
Marvin.
And it's crossed out.
What's on my hand?
Tildy.
I'm going to show him that one.
He branded us with a name.
He branded you with a metal hot stick or like a spell.
And I hold out my hand too.
I hold out my, no, I'm not going to slap him.
I hold out my hand.
Look real close.
Watch the birdie.
I hold out the opposite hand to the one they're holding and then smack me with the other one.
It hurts really bad when you hit him with the one that's painted.
I don't hit him.
I just solemnly hold my hand up with the others.
I don't, I can't, the only thing I can assume is it was magic.
He held up a scroll.
Joe's asking that.
I think he held up a scroll and the words alighted and then we blacked out.
Yeah, he held up some kind of parchment and the words lit up and we blacked out.
I just assumed it was magic of some kind.
Yeah, I don't know what to call it, but the world definitely doesn't play by the rules
that we believed and were taught that it did and part of the circle of knowledge is
keeping that truth a secret from the general public because the minute that this goes wide,
chaos will ensue.
Not if he's like regulated, like set up a Hogwarts.
That is an extremely good point, Jon.
Thank you.
Maybe season two.
Yeah, fuck yeah, Jon as Dumbledore, right in on the discord if you want to see that.
If you don't think that the overseer would be Dumbledore, then I don't know what to tell
you.
Wouldn't the overseer be doing more important stuff?
He's Voldemort.
Yeah.
I touched your kids and I'm pretty sure they touched me too.
Leon, Dewey Cox.
We uh, that's Dewey Jack Black.
Dewey Finn.
Fuck.
Sorry.
Leon, we have other names, not embroidered, we have other names written on us.
Clark shoots, uh, Kila Glantz.
Yeah, I don't.
I sure don't.
Nevermind.
Well, you guys seem to be having some inner turmoil here, which will lead me to my point.
We are running out of time.
We need to get in here.
We need to make this quick.
So, my plan split up.
Two of you and two of us and we'll get this taken care of.
All right now, Keith and Jon, I think you guys have the best chance at going in and
figuring out what happened in the dorm room.
Talk to her roommate.
Talk to anyone who is friends with her.
Try to get the run down.
They will have already been talked to by the city police, so you're going to have to convince
them that there's a reason that you're re-interviewing them.
Clark, we're going to go ahead and sneak into the administration building and pull files.
All right?
Uh, I guess if you say so, if you think that's best.
That's what, I don't even know what, what are we, what are we doing, Leon?
What's going on?
We need to figure out if Harriet Marks is the beginning of this or if she passed it
on whatever it is.
Do you have an inkling on what it is?
Well, it seems to pass from person to person.
Perhaps, you know, Bruce Robin quote unquote got it, whatever it is from Harriet Marks.
She got it or whatever it is from the Overseer.
You guys.
Are you saying it follows?
I mean, it seems to pass.
Wait, you know that Harriet got it from the Overseer?
Look at the, look at the numbers all over a dorm room.
Any points of the pictures that are in your lap?
Oh.
So it gives the name of the last person who had it, is that the theory?
We were writing down Bruce.
What was Bruce writing down?
He was writing down Harriet.
Got it.
I see what you're saying.
And Harriet was writing the Overseer.
It's just a theory, but if it starts with the Overseer, we need to figure out why you
made this happen.
I mean, I didn't.
I understand that it's not you, but we need to figure out why future past you made this
happen.
Let's call him Clark, Clark, Clark, old, let's call him Clark old just so I don't feel like
you guys are accusing me of shit I didn't do.
No, old dick is really good, but let's stick with Clark old.
I mean, how do you expect us to find that out?
Your cops do your interrogation work.
From what I've heard, you guys are real good at putting guns in people's faces and making
them talk.
I point my gun in his face.
I'm like, you don't know a goddamn thing about us.
And he just keeps talking.
I got an idea, fellas.
If you take a picture of me and use a filter to oldify me, then you got a picture of me.
Ask if people have seen him around.
Face app.
I snap a pic.
I smile real big.
Snap a pic.
GRUS8 is definitely going to get in on this.
That's the, uh, nevermind.
I'm going to cut that.
Sorry about the Internet Research Agency.
Some Delta Green lore.
Oh, great.
Okay.
Well, I guess, uh, should we go to, go to her door?
You killed the vibe, nerd.
I know.
All right, get the fuck out of my, come on, let's, uh, let's, let's make this happen,
captain.
Okay.
I mean, I guess let's go to her dorm then, John.
I'm following you.
All right.
Let's split up.
Hey Joe, Clark is sitting in the back of the car.
John Lee Pettymore and Keith Vigna get out, start walking toward the dorm.
Leon puts the car in reverse and starts driving out of the parking lot.
I need you to roll either a human or an alertness, whichever is higher.
My alertness is higher.
I crit pass.
I crit pass.
I got a one.
I got a zero zero one.
I got a 33.
That's fucking wild.
Is a one better than a 33?
I think a one is better than a 33.
It sounds like it should be better to me.
I think a one is like the ultimate crit.
I'm so sorry, Zach.
I don't know how I do it.
You do never, hey, never apologize.
Never apologize, baby.
All right, shit.
Are you ready for this?
I know, but go.
You notice Leon's free hand is reaching and he grabs a gun out from under the shotgun
seat, like in between the console and the shotgun seat, and he's moving it to aim it
at you.
And it's not a normal gun.
It looks like the tranq gun that he gave you earlier.
So instead of him just firing it into you, we are now going to roll against each other,
depending on what you want to do.
Well, I would like to kick the back of his chair to throw the aim of the gun off.
Fantastic.
So you're going to roll unarmed combat and he's going to roll at a negative 40 of firearms
and we'll see how this plays out.
He's got a 80% in firearms.
No, sorry, 70.
So he's going to go down to 30.
I'm going to use brand new dice that I've never touched before.
I got a straight 30 on a 70.
You beat him.
He fires and you see a little dart goes right into the headrest of the middle seat right
next to you.
And it is your turn to act.
I want to wrestle the gun away from his hand.
And as I'm doing so saying, what the fuck, Leon, what the fuck?
All right, let's roll an unarmed combat check.
I fail.
I failed too.
I got a 91.
I got a 94.
So that's just fail on fail.
So he continues driving without a wrecking.
However, the gun is just like being wildly moved back and forth and you've got two hands
on his arm and he is trying to muscle back on you.
It's his turn.
And he is going to try to wrestle the gun away from you.
So roll it up again, baby.
I got a five.
I crit on different dice.
These are different dice.
I don't think I've ever used these either.
It's a 33.
Okay.
You have full control over the situation.
What do you do?
I rip the gun out of his hand and I pointed at the back of his head.
Leon.
Yeah.
What the fuck?
I just thought it'd be easier if you weren't conscious for this next part.
Please don't.
Did you want me unconscious?
Yeah.
There's a star.
Is he still driving while we're talking?
He is still driving while you're talking.
Can I tell where he's going?
Has he left campus?
He hasn't.
No, it's a, it's a pretty big campus.
So he's just like driving slowly through these stop signs and stuff.
I was just doing that for the best.
So, okay, so you are, you are essentially, I know this sucks, but I've got a lot riding
on you in the future and I thought it would be safest if you weren't around for this next
little bit because what if we run into issues like the whole time we were running through
the bar court place, I was horrified that a stray bullet or something ends all of this.
And if you die, maybe the world ends like I don't know, but I need to protect you at
all costs.
But Leon, if you're saying that the overseer started the circle and I am the overseer,
that means I live through all this.
I'm untouchable.
The, I don't know if the future and the past work.
I don't know how any of this works.
Roll a human for me, I fail a 42 on a 30.
I just don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know how any of this works and I have to keep you safe.
Listen to me, Leon.
I've started to think that maybe this overseer business sounds pretty good to me.
And if you're saying that I have bulletproof armor, cause I start the circle, I'm not saying
that you are saying that I start the circle in the past.
So I think I'm going to be dandy.
I think I'm going to get out of this unscathed.
You on the other hand, might want to keep your head down, cause I don't remember Leon
being Clark Old's right hand man.
Hey, Leon, from here on out, I'm on your side, but I want involved.
You don't get to knock me out and sideline me like that.
Okay, that's fair.
Oh, Clark.
We, uh, we gotta go to the camp.
It's time.
The camp?
Yeah, we gotta go to...
Joe's gonna say, is it the calm, comfy campground?
We gotta go to the calm, comfy campground.
Yeah, boy.
Aren't you proud of me?
I'm super proud of you.
Zach, I remember that without even looking at notes.
You get 10 luck.
Yeah, that's what I was fishing for.
But first, do you actually, let's go back to what you just said a few moments ago.
Do you actually believe that you're like indestructible?
It's all I've been presented with so far.
Yeah, I think so.
How competent do you feel with these other two solving this situation here at CSU?
I mean, key's always a big question mark in my life, but maybe working together they can
figure something out.
I don't know.
You know what?
Let's...
I am curious, Clark, and he turns the car back and heads up to...
You actually see a sign on the building that you're heading directly towards and it's the
administrative building, which is where you guys were originally planning on going.
It's where he said you guys were originally planning on going.
Before he tried to kidnap me.
Uh-huh!
Yeah!
Before that happened, he's like, no hard feelings on that, by the way, I just, you know, I'm
doing my job and I...
But honestly, if you can prove what's happening here, I mean, I would be, I'll help, I'm interested.
Let's just do this.
Let's fucking go for it.
And he pulls up to the spot right next to the door and...
So you're saying we're not gonna go to the comfy campgrounds then?
No, we absolutely will.
We'll just take care of this first, because I want to see if you can.
If you can, then I, you know, that'll be just incredible.
And then we can head over there.
It's not time sensitive then.
It is, but I have a feeling that we've already got a timer on this situation.
All right, Leon, I'll follow your lead.
I like that.
How does he get out?
Yeah, and I think you might be, he relinquished the gun to you.
Well, I definitely didn't give it back.
Yeah.
He hasn't asked for it, you mean?
No, he hasn't asked for it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm gonna just hold on to it.
John Lee Pettymore and Keith Vigna get out of the car that Clark Bishop and Leon Simpson
were in.
And you guys look out at the campus of CSU, City State University, and the entire thing
is riddled with holiday spirit.
There are decorations covering everything.
Like say a holiday decoration.
Wreath.
Yeah, there's a big wreath that's just like on the dorm building right in front of you.
Lights.
Oh yeah.
Oh, you know there's lights.
There's like an absurd amount of Christmas lights.
They're on every single building up the walls and on every tree on campus as well.
It's actually, it's quite pretty.
Inflatable minion.
There's an inflatable minion.
It's a wave.
It's Derek and it's wearing the Christmas hat.
What is that called?
Santa hat?
Santa hat.
It's wearing a Christmas hat.
And yeah, it's arms are just like the only thing that's moving on it.
What is the mascot of City State University?
The mascot of City State University.
Yeah, that was the question he asked.
What was the mascot of City State University?
I'm assuming you have this written down.
Just control F mascot.
Oh yeah, let me just look it up on my computer real quick.
It is a Venus fly trap.
Cool.
That's a native to North Carolina.
Well, you don't know where we are.
Not North Carolina though, right?
Probably not, but it's native to the city.
Tigers aren't from Detroit, so.
Tigers are not from Detroit, Thomas.
I know at least three tigers that are.
Anyway, wow, this place is Christmassed out.
This is a good podcast, guys.
Are there trees?
Okay, so you get past the Christmas decorations and you have been given directions to go to
the dorm room of Harriet Marks, which is 328 Giff's house.
And actually you see this building that is right in front of you.
It has a sign on it that in big capital letters it says Giff's house, G-I-F-F-S.
And the building is covered in a massive wreath that is lousy with lights.
Let's go in there up to the third floor, I'm assuming.
Room 328.
When you guys go into Giff's house, you see that all the lights are out.
Hey real quick, do you know how I already knew how that was spelled before you told
us?
If it had only had one F, you would have said it wrong.
That's an opinion.
So you guys were going into Giff's house and the lights are out.
On your right there is a secretary's desk and there's a computer.
The glow of the computer screen is the only light in this room, but you can make out from
there that to your left there's like a sitting area with a baby grand piano and ahead of
you there is a glass wall of windows with a door leading into that room and then from
there there's a hallway that breaks off and it goes left and right.
Baby grand piano is my pop star name.
Ooh, that's really good.
Yeah it is.
Is the secretary there?
No, there's no one in this room at all.
Is there a fire escape plan on the wall to see if we can locate 321 or 328 without?
Yeah absolutely, so you've got stairwells on either side of the building and an elevator
in the middle.
I'd like to see if I can access this computer.
Sure.
Yeah, you can hop on there.
Any good stuff?
Oh, there's a directory you can find out that when you look up Harriet Marks, she lives
in 328.
Her roommate's name is Amelia Locke and right across the hall is 330 Giff's house, which
is listed as show dorm.
Like one they show to prospective students on tours, yes.
Let's go up there and see if we can find anything, probably need to talk to Amelia
too.
Or sidebar, we change our clothes, we go crash in that show dorm until somebody realizes
what's up and we just do a whole spin-off where Keith and John Lee Pettymore go to college.
You know what, I like that idea.
Spin-off!
I certainly never went to college unless it says otherwise on my character sheet.
No, I went to...
Oh no, I went here.
Does it remind you of the good old days?
It does, I want to go back.
Well, I think we should get this investigation out of the way first.
Actually, I have written down City University, which I imagine is City State University's
intense crosstown rival.
It absolutely is.
Yeah, it's their big rival.
No, I hate fucking CSU scum.
Yeah, you're a poinsettia.
Yeah!
Well, I always wanted to come here because...
Point!
Poinsettia!
City University leads the way!
Nice!
That's our fight song.
I walk to where the elevator is.
And the elevator door opens as the light emits from the elevator into the hallway that
you're in.
And you can also see it from the light on the vending machines behind you.
The walls and the floor of this space are completely covered in numbers, like absolutely
riddled in numbers.
So many different sequences of numbers, in fact, that you can't make out any specific
single sequence.
What are they written with?
All sorts of materials.
We've got Sharpie, paint, spray paint, blood, cum, piss, like there seems to be a smear
of shit on the wall at some point.
Tell me more about the cum numbers.
So the cum numbers, they're dripping, and they were dripping, now they're coagulated
in place.
Is there a dorm room near us?
Just any dorm room?
There's actually not, no.
Well, damn, do you think people are still living in this dorm room, or in this dorm
hall?
I have no idea.
I'm not able to clean this, literally this shit up, but I don't know.
What dorm room are we in her dorm room?
No, you were about to get into the elevator from the main floor up to the third floor,
but you do see that when you turn to look into the elevator, in the corner that would
be out of sight when the elevator door first opened, there is a slumped over body of a
student.
And the head has been smashed.
Her face is no longer a face, it seems to have been hit repeatedly in the forehead and
nose.
What the fuck kind of hell dorm is this?
I don't know, but uh.
If John Lee Pettymark could roll a sanity check for me.
Yeah, John, you probably shouldn't be looking at that.
Fail.
Go ahead and lose one sanity.
We're getting there.
I go over and turn the body over, look for like a, is there a purse on this person?
Do you see that there is a fanny pack on this person?
I'm gonna dig through and find identification.
Yeah, her name was Samantha Carter.
Poor Samantha.
Well, good thing it wasn't Amelia, because that's who I'm wanting to talk to.
And I hit the third floor button in the elevator.
Alright, and Thomas, if you could leave the room.
Before we do that, can you tell me what I found on the computer?
It was just the info for like who lived where.
Did you want to find anything else?
Yeah, like the answer to all these mysteries.
Oh yeah, the answer to all the mysteries isn't on there, unfortunately.
But there was a...
Wrong computer.
Is there a reason I'm not going with him?
There was a big, like, when you first got on the computer, the background for the entire
thing was a promotional ad, like a poster, for The Jingle Ball, taking place the night
of December 6th at CSU.
And it says, follow the scavenger hunt to make your way to The Jingle Ball.
Is December 6th the night that...
That's the night.
Okay.
And do we know what date Harriet died?
December 2nd.
Okay.
So is there a reason I'm not going up the elevator with him?
Yes.
Okay.
I mean, we would have gone up together, right?
Yep.
Okay.
Hey, Leon?
Yeah.
Got your gun here.
Yeah, I know.
Is this these, those mind control darts?
He looks at you with like a grimace, like he's about to burp, like I just did.
No.
What would they have done to me?
Probably fall asleep for a while.
How long's a while?
Not too long.
I'm going to hold on to it then.
I don't want you sneaking up behind me and doing it, trying to do it again.
That seems fair.
And I don't want to do that to you now.
I mean, if you're willing to, you seem down for the cause and with your current knowledge,
I think that we're good.
All right.
Let's find out what we can about the...
It was Harriet Marks.
That's what we were looking for, right?
Harriet Marks.
Let's see what we can find out.
And you guys open up the door and now I want to paint a picture for you, Joe.
When you're walking on this campus, it's fucking dead.
Like it's evening.
The sun is going down currently, but there is no one on this campus.
It's just kind of, it's Saturday, you know, but it's still a college campus and there
are holiday themed decorations obliterating this place.
It's almost as if someone like vomited delicious holiday spirit all over for a block square
of the city.
It's filthy with holiday stuff.
Just dirty with it.
It's dirty with it.
It's lousy with Christmas gear.
It's like tiny Santa clauses everywhere and menorah, like blow up menorah, just like in
a yard in front of one of the dorms.
It's all over the place.
It's great.
If you love Christmas...
How does Clark feel about Christmas?
Does he have good memories?
Oh shit.
That's a good question.
He probably has early good memories right up until his old parents didn't have Christmas
for him no more.
No more Christmas for old Clark Bishop, or young Clark Bishop.
A young Clark Bishop still had no Christmas.
Old young Clark Bishop.
I think you nailed it.
The technical name of your character at this point in the show.
So when you guys walk in, the administration office is actually open, but inside all the
lights are off and there's seemingly no one in here.
Do we know what time of day it is right now?
The sun is going down.
It's about golden hour.
It's yay around golden hour.
Cool.
Take a picture.
It looks beautiful.
Yeah, you and...
It must be.
You and Leon could take a great selfie right now.
Leon, Leon, hang on a sec.
Yeah.
Gotta take a picture with you.
Well, it's golden hour.
We look great in front of all this Christmas stuff.
Okay, so we're gonna go into where they have all the files.
I don't know.
I don't know how colleges work.
And so let's just hop in there and see what happens.
So you guys turn a corner in this unlit corridor and about halfway down the hallway, you see
two figures and one of them, you just hear this like voice that is repeatedly just going
like, please.
Oh gosh, I would love to four if you just mumble some other words and is like letters
and stuff and numbers and is like, please just hit me, hit me, hit me.
Oh God.
I'll have to do it to myself.
He's talking to another figure that I can't see either.
Yeah, and the other figure is just staring, just like standing there, not really moving.
I nudge Leon, they're saying numbers.
Is it the number stuff?
I don't know.
What do you want to do?
Are they totally in our way?
Well, and then you guys look over and there's a sign and it says like office and there's
an arrow pointing directly toward them.
We're both still wearing police uniforms, aren't we?
Yeah.
Sure, we'll approach them.
We'll find the records office, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Perfect.
I'll go get Justin from the other room.
Luke, as Keith Vigna and John Lee Pettymore stand in the elevator, the elevator door closes
and John Lee Pettymore pulls a Sharpie out and begins writing a sequence of numbers.
I just watch him and see what they are.
On the elevator wall and it is the numbers that you have seen him write and heard him
chant.
Right.
Bruce Robin.
Bruce Robin.
The elevator door opens and you are on the third floor.
It is also completely dark, the lights are all out and it is silent.
I get my phone out to light the hallway.
I guess I'll grab John and kind of just drag him behind me.
Yeah, and when he can't write anymore he just starts murmuring those numbers over and over.
Can I just like kind of slap him a little bit to see if he pops out of it?
He does not.
Okay, I'm looking for 328 on the placards on the walls and I'm leading John behind me.
Yeah, you make it down there and you're at 328 Giff's house.
Is it unlocked?
It is.
It is actually wide open as is the door across the hall, 330, which John told you was the
show dorm.
Before I go into 328 I'm going to look into 330, what does it look like?
It looks like a very well presented dorm room for a college freshman.
There's lots of, what did I say the mascot was?
Venus Flytrap.
There's lots of Venus Flytrap apparel and paraphernalia all throughout this city state
dorm room with their logo all over.
And in the middle of the room there is one out of place Casio keyboard with a sheet of
music in front of it.
I'll pull John in behind me and shut the door.
Okay.
That way he doesn't escape somehow.
Are there numbers on the walls?
There are, yes.
There are numbers covering the walls, the floor, the ceiling, and literally like a desk.
Was that also in the hallway and stuff?
Yes, every single place that you've been so far.
Okay, I'm going to go and see what the music is.
A set of music notes written on the staff is pictures.
And the pictures are seven eggs, a golf ball, a cat, a demon, and an egg.
Are they like cartoons or?
They are.
And John Lee Pettymore begins writing once again on the back of the chair in this room.
Bruce Robin in numbers.
Is the keyboard on?
It is.
If I press on some keys is it just, what kind of sounds are they making?
Oh no, it's jingle bells.
It's like a, it's like ching, but it's a, I gotta, it's like cling.
How do, how do bells sound?
Like jingle bells are like chink, chink, chink, chink, chink, chink, chink, chink, chink.
So it's a, it's a shunk.
It's a shunk, but in a specific tone.
So poke around.
It's not like fart noises and like bleh, bleh, bleh.
No, no.
It's more like the, you know how they have like the choirs on there.
They're like lah, lah, lah.
I guess I'm going to take this sheet and put it in my pocket because I don't know what
it means right now.
Sure.
I guess I'll take one more look around and then I guess go over to 328.
Okay.
So looking around, the only thing that you would notice is like there's a window in this
dorm room and looking out you can see the whole campus from here and it too is completely,
the whole campus is all festive.
Like there are lights up everywhere.
There's all these different decorations all over the place and in the middle of campus
there's a large old bell tower.
Is there a sheet for the dance in here?
The ball?
Like a flyer?
Yes.
Yeah.
There are multiple flyers.
Can I grab one and see like what is the like first clue or whatever on it?
Actually on the back of one of them, they're written in Sharpie.
It says one plus three plus nine plus and then it like has a bunch of math and then
it says equals three 30 which you would know is the room number that you're standing in.
What else does the like flyer say?
The flyer just says it's got a bunch of like pictures.
It's a lot of like illustration and design and then it says the annual jingle ball.
Follow the scavenger hunt in order to make your way to the night of your holiday season.
If I look around, is there anything that like looks like a scavenger hunt list or anything?
Nope.
Okay.
I'm going to go head over to 328 then.
In 328?
With John and Toe.
Yeah, John's with you.
He's still doing the same dumb shit.
In 328 you would see, it's a similar scene.
There's shit written all over the place in all sorts of different materials and what
you already learned about Harriet Marks is that she is a pro-union activist.
There are pictures of her with different groups and different protests and marches and then
her roommate, you find out her name, Amelia Locke, and she has pictures of her with different
trophies and then you see actually she has all of her trophies displayed and they are
for riddle competitions and scavenger hunt competitions and there is a space on her desk
where a laptop would be.
Like you see where her connecting cable, like her power cord would normally plug in.
She's got the cord ready to plug in with one of those little DIY tricks with the binder clips.
Right, right.
And then you see like on the other side, the USB for her old school USB mouse is like clipped
in on the other side for the USB port on the opposite side of this laptop that is not there.
If I look around the room, is there any, can I find like a phone number or anything for
Roll search for me.
Eight on a forty.
Uh, yes, you find phone numbers for both Harriet Marks and Amelia Clarke.
Okay, I'm gonna...
Sorry.
Amelia Locke.
Right, not Amelia Earhart.
Correct.
Uh, I'll write those down and I'm gonna give Amelia a call.
Okay.
Bring bring!
And...
Bring bring!
That was Taylor.
Thank you everyone.
And it goes to voicemail.
Voicemail box is not set up.
Okay, put my phone away.
What were all the trophies for?
Oh, yeah, Brittle Competitions and Scavenger Hunt Competitions.
With your correct search role, you actually find a handwritten note in the desk of Amelia
Clarke, where she is talking about Amelia Locke, right?
God damn it.
What did I say that time, Clarke?
Who is Amelia Clarke Bishop?
I don't know.
So Amelia Locke has a handwritten note in her desk where she is freehand writing her
views on the suicide of her roommate, Harriet Marks.
And basically nothing concrete, but she was very confused by the way it all went down.
I did not think that Harriet was the type of person who would commit suicide and said
that she had a plan to figure out what actually happened.
Okay, interesting.
Was it just on a scrap piece of paper?
It was, yeah.
Is there anything else in the desk that looks of interest?
Dildo.
I closed the desk.
Kind of red-faced.
Glad that Jon is kind of in that state so that I'm not more embarrassed than I would
be.
Is that like where Harriet's stuff was?
Can I search around her desk and stuff?
Absolutely.
Go ahead and roll another search check for me.
31 on a 40.
Written on a sticky note and tucked away in between other papers, you find something that
catches your eye.
You find a sticky note that has a to-do list written on it.
And the first thing says, research most unethical corporation in the city.
And the second mark on the to-do list says, who is the overseer?
How am I the only one trying to pull over How can I have enough drowning out of the
house?
No one knows.
There's no one home.
No one home.

