Hello, my little weirdos.
It's your giant father, Wolf the Dog.
And I'm here to embrace you freaky little dudes.
Society may reject you, but your great mother wolf never shall.
You provide your ears, your minds, your energies.
And I provide you with the greatest radio show this side of the Polaris.
And I am shipping out auditory waves live from 694.2 PTBP.
The only radio station that lets little weirdos like you
write in things that I am contractually obligated to read.
Speaking of, this edition of Howlin' with Wolf comes from Liddy in the City,
who tweeted about the show and tagged at Pretending Pod.
The third best thing you can do with them thumbs.
Liddy in the City writes,
Hey Wolf, thanks for all the rippin' songs.
Altagirl is keepin' my grip strong as I move along.
Swiftly through this shitty city.
But I long to be strong.
To no longer be a pawn who keeps calm.
I want the full throttle.
No doddle logical like Aristotle.
Light the rag in this bottle.
Fuck Fred Godel.
Well, thanks, Liddy in the City.
There was an awful lot of rhymin' in this Howlin' with Wolf.
Is this that slam poetry I've heard so much about?
Now you did a good job, Liddy in the City.
I would snap my fingers in appreciation.
But unfortunately, the grease prevents any friction between any of my body parts.
If you want to write up something for your loving wolf to howl,
tag at Pretending Pod on your social media accounts
and let your friends know that you're an absolute weirdo.
If they're your friends, they're probably pretty strange too.
And if you want to have that sort of conversation in public,
go to PretendingPod.shop
and grab a hat that says PTBP
or a super rad fanny pack
with a four-panel cartoon of What Went Down at Splashylvania on it.
You'll have a new group of freaks to hang out with in no time.
Don't go out?
You can take this game to a high score situation
by posting pics of your hot new PTBP merch online
from the comfort and safety of your mobile device.
The options are endless.
And the links are in the show notes.
S-E-G-U-E
S-E-G-U-E
S-E-G-U-E
And yes, this is a segue.
It's time for the news.
Last time,
Julius ran back into Grover's Gorge
to get away from the wet energy
that erupted out of Chuck Bidwell's body
when it landed in the unnatural chasm,
exploded through the stained glass of the church
that stuck upside down in the smooth crevasse,
and everyone else was knocked unconscious.
The conscious can field producer found Fox Gottel
and brought him back to the rest of the can crew with a plan.
As they came to, Julius asked Stevie,
as the eldest Gottel in the area,
to declare Fox the new mayor of Grover's Gorge.
No one expected it to work,
but that sloppy god came bursting back out
through the colorful church windows
and launched Fox Gottel into the air like a video game KO.
Let's have a toon take us to the action.
Here's an oldie, but a goodie.
It's Alter Girl with My Life is Great and It's All My Fault.
High School Musical.
Yeah.
High School Musical 2.
Is there a second one?
Oh, aren't there like five or six?
What would the second one be called?
College Musical.
College.
And the third one?
30-Year-Old Musical.
Internship Musical.
And they're now making a fourth one.
I think that's the only series that happens in high school.
Yeah.
If I said Pleasantville was the scene.
Orgasm.
Yeah.
I haven't seen Pleasantville since...
Maybe ever.
Since I was a kid.
That scene?
Yeah.
Is that the one where things become color?
Yeah.
Nice.
Sinful.
Because of it.
Because of cum-een.
The scene where they drive into the park
and the cherry blossoms are floating over the car
and Edda James, at last, is playing is like...
I didn't jerk off to that one.
Cinema bliss.
You were saying though, it's...
It's a good scene.
There's also...
He's describing what the world outside of Pleasantville is like
and Dave Brubeck's Take 5
starts just kind of slowly coming in in the background.
It's such a cool scene.
Y'all watching Andor?
You watch that Andor?
I'm not caught up, but I've seen...
I think I'm just like one behind.
Cool.
If you're out there and you can hear my voice
and you have Disney Plus.
Or a friend you can rope in to giving you their login.
Yep.
Just rope them.
Just rope them right on up to their homestead.
Just rope them.
Lasso them and don't let them go until they tell you that Disney logo.
Hoe time.
And then watch Andor.
Yeah.
It's so good.
It's so good.
It's real good.
It's good.
It's good.
Like watch it.
If you're listening, watch it.
Because I want more of it.
Me too.
But I've tried to have this conversation a few times in real life.
Oh, well don't do that.
Just say it where people can't talk back.
No, no, no.
Nobody ever talks back.
It's just that they're like,
Oh, yeah, that sounds nice for you.
No one ever talks back.
Exactly.
I'm glad, nerd.
Good for you.
You have a gritty Star Wars.
Wow.
Now a gritty Star Wars.
I'd be interested.
It's set on Kashyyyk.
Yes.
Philadelphia Kashyyyk.
Oh, my God.
I don't know.
Watch the shit out of that.
The day it came out.
Gritty is probably the kind of thing that might get old for other people,
but I will enjoy until the day I die.
I think it's just the right time for me to grow old and always be delighted for it.
And my kids will be like,
Yeah, everything's a gritty.
Like there's mascots that kill each other now and say the F word.
Gritty fucking sucks.
And I'm like, nah, gritty is delightful.
Everything's a gritty is incredible.
I like when he wiggles his tummy.
It's pretty good.
Speaking of gritty, we all look a little grittier now, don't we, boys?
Do you mean the can crew?
No, I mean, well, the king crew definitely fucking works pretty gritty.
Or do you mean us after two and a half years of a pandemic?
What else did we do that might make us like different women?
We were all gritty for Halloween.
That's right.
We were all gritty for Halloween.
No, but we should have done that.
Gritty gang.
Oh, oh, yeah.
Aren't we a little bit more gritty guys?
You're right.
We got tat week.
We all got sick tats.
Sick tats.
Dude, we got sick tats.
I was sick tat like best ever.
Hey, can you believe it?
Four white guys got a tattoo to commemorate their podcast.
Four guys who like would have never had skulls tattooed on them.
Likely.
No, no.
That was kind of the beauty for me is that I think I would have gotten a skull.
It just happened to be our podcast logo.
Oh, hell yeah.
I might get more skulls of different styles.
Not in like a crazy.
You should just get the same skull all over.
I should know.
I'm just, yeah, Luke's right.
I'm just going to get the PTPB skull.
One for every man you've killed.
Yeah.
Perhaps.
Three.
Said that really quick.
He said that really quick.
You don't forget them.
Well, I never do.
It's good.
I think if you don't, I guess.
Is that better?
What do you think?
Is it better to remember those that you've murdered?
You gotta leave the past behind.
Oh, well, I would like to get into this episode by asking you guys how you feel.
We're on episode 16 of season two.
We're like getting into the weeds of this thing.
Shit is popping off.
Shit is popping off.
What is going through your mind?
What were we doing in episode 16 of season one?
That's a good question.
Just for some, like, you know, some sort of reference.
Episode 16 of season one was titled like father, like surrogate son.
So it was the second of three flashback episodes.
Oh yeah.
This is the one where John Lee Pettymore's racing past and injury is explored.
The episode notes say John Lee Pettymore's past is explored.
Rules are ignored.
The officers check out the house of the Lord.
So we go to the church and you eat their pasta salad or whatever it was?
Yeah, no, I eat some of it and then I put it back.
It's so weird.
The time dilation that makes me think that that was so much later in the season and it's
only episode 16.
See, so now do you, how do you feel about being in episode 16 of season two?
I think we can do this one faster.
It feels like it's moving faster to me, but I don't know how it feels to you guys.
Yeah, I think so.
Listening back to the first season, I guess I know everything, but it's like...
Let's try to go into spoilers on season one.
I know we talked about eating food and that's pretty intense, but...
You're right.
So without any spoilers, without any spoilers, I'm just like...
With no incident.
I was just like, oh, we should have, we should have figured out some more of this.
This time around, how do you feel?
Do you feel like you're getting the information, the lore?
Do you feel like you have an understanding of what's going on?
We nailed that God total shit.
Yeah, we're all over this.
So you're saying there's no need to theorize?
No, I know exactly what's happening.
We can skip to the end and summarize the mystery if you want us to.
It's real easy.
There was a God turtle and through the decades, it became Godel.
And it wants to...
Turn everyone into a church.
So like we said, Zach, we're all over it.
Perfect.
Well, then I think it's time to hop on in and we're going to start with Thomas.
Dive on in.
You, I believe, broke yourself.
Sorry, I am doing a season one re-listen.
We're also, we just played.
Oh yeah, we just played.
The last thing we played was our character, our season one character.
Yeah.
And by the time you hear this episode, you can go to patreon.com slash pretending pod
and check out.
Well, maybe by the time you listen to this episode,
It's not this Friday, but next Friday.
During this month, the month that this episode comes out, you'll be able to hear John Lee
Pettymore, Clark Bishop, and Keith Vigna.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Doing what?
We trick or treated.
We smell my feet.
We got us something good to eat it.
Perfect.
So you can go to patreon.com slash pretending.
And listen to it's the butter finger bandit, Keith beans.
But for now I need Mr. Jotaro.
Mation motion picture.
Dr. Luke Kinteman, please remove your headphones.
I brought my Bluetooth headphones like Thomas did last episode.
Now I don't have to wiggle my fingers in my ears.
Thomas.
This season, season two, we are choosing our own, so it's kind of up to us to decide
whatever your mania phobia weird character hiccup is.
So what was it that happened when you broke?
What did you see?
Well, that's the deal, Zach.
I don't really know.
You told me it was an Olympic pool sized fluid amount of wet energy.
Yeah.
Wet energy.
Big wet energy or a little wet energy?
I clearly yeah.
Olympic.
Okay.
So are you afraid of people who look like they might be Olympians?
Yeah.
My only, the only way this affects me is that I have a distaste from Michael Phelps.
You're really, you want to become a swimmer more than anything in the world.
That's quite a coincidence.
You would notice, of course, the cow is pretty fit for his age.
And one of the ways he keeps that up, what?
I saw that dance.
Oh, right.
Exactly.
So he couldn't run anymore because of his bad left knee, but he took up swimming and
every year for the past 20 years, he has done, um, whatever, whatever a healthy amount of
laps.
I don't know what a good amount of laps across an Olympic swimming pool is.
I would say like for me, one, one and a half, if I could get to the second side, that'd
be best for living.
Yeah.
You don't want to stop halfway through.
Nope.
Unless you're close to the edge.
That's right.
Cal Colorado does a more than healthy amount of laps for a man of his age for a man of
10 or 15 years younger.
Perhaps.
And he may not realize it standing here right now looking at this thing.
Well, it's already like past and in Fox Godel who is like splayed out on the ground over
by the plant wall, seemingly wet.
He doesn't like it that he doesn't like it at all.
And the next time he might, who knows if he stops himself as he walks out the door, go
into the pool or if he gets to the edge and reaches in and like starts to dive in.
Sure.
So we're going to say that it's specifically because you noticed that it was the size of
the pool and I think it's, I think it's going to be large bodies, large bodies of water.
And maybe, maybe some, maybe some water in general, but mostly large masses.
Whatever you do, man.
All right, let's bird them boys.
The last thing you guys saw, the last thing I saw was God.
So the end of the last episode, it's hairy as far as what we can listen to, but I think
I'm frozen in shock at my moment in time.
Absolutely frozen in shock as you're looking down, which means that you see first
this energy, this enormous wet energy that you've seen before, almost pouring out of
this church building that you see in the bottom of this unnatural chasm in this valley.
It is filling it up in the bottom and then it is flying up out toward you over the cliff.
Luke, Julia Summers sees the same sort of wet energy you've noticed before fling itself
and the two of you see this time exactly like last time, just crashes.
This time into Fox Godel, throwing her backwards, flying out towards the plant wall and he lands
with a thud.
The wet that has been surrounding and around and just pushes itself in and around him almost
seems to dissipate into nothingness as you see a soaking wet Fox Godel laying unconscious
on the ground.
I need Beck Wilder and Julia Summers to roll grip.
Thomas, you rolled last time.
At the end of the last episode.
I pass.
I don't.
When you pass, you're still going to lose one grip due to the enormity of this situation
and because you've seen it before, this kind of impacts your opinion of the last time you
saw this happen, right?
You almost expected it halfway through, but then it's all of a sudden over.
You slightly see the same result and Julia Summers, I need you to roll a d4 and add one.
That's a three plus one, which gets me to my breaking point.
Oh, second breaking point of season two.
Julia Summers, where are you at grip wise?
I'm at 36.
What did you start with?
What's your power power?
60.
Dang.
You're almost halfway through the grip that you had the tethered to the world in which
you lived is almost halfway gone.
That's not great.
You roll with what you get and you roll what you get.
In that case, let's hit you with this breaking point right now.
Joe Thomas, headphones babies.
I'm going back to Katy Perry.
Is that what you're guitar soloing to?
Was my last one that I don't like running water?
Yeah, that's right.
So what are we going to do this time?
We have a similar situation that brought you to this point, but you've seen a lot.
You've had a lot happen to you.
You're currently like face half broken, barely like the bones barely holding themselves
together.
Every time you like move quickly, you kind of feel the ajarness within the skeleton of
your face.
Owie.
Owie, owie, dude.
That is not good.
I'm trying to think what would make sense here.
Okay.
So we've got heights as a situation here.
We have the cane that hit your face repeatedly that brought you to this point.
It's the most physical pain you've ever been in your life, I would assume.
Yeah.
Closest he's ever been to dying for sure.
Yeah.
So I think maybe doing something with your face is a fine idea.
Doing something with heights is a fine idea.
Doing something else with water is a fine idea.
What if because of this injury, I don't recognize my face?
Whoa.
But it's like, not feel somehow trapped in a body that is not my own.
Fascinating.
Do you feel comfortable playing that?
Sure.
Fuck yeah.
That's scary.
Right.
I think not until he sees his reflection.
That's right.
That's right.
Okay.
Sounds good, man.
All right, cool.
Let's burn him back.
Okay, cool.
Thomas, what were you listening to?
The new Beths album.
Ooh, love them.
Me too.
The new Beths.
Frozen solid.
Beck Wilder cannot even move his face.
You just hear the thrust and out of the corner of your eye, you see Fox Gottel flying out
of eye shot.
Nailed it.
What?
Why?
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
And Stevie is trying to hold back the vomit that seems to be coming.
Oh, and she cannot hold.
She starts blowing.
Oh no, you're going to make me throw up now.
I swallowed it.
Falls to her hands and knees and Fox Gottel laying on his back completely unconscious,
wearing a monochromatic gray scale jumpsuit leisure wear with green accents like he's
been dancing in the AR goggles have literally landed in the place where he was just standing
at least, god, I don't even know, like 36.8 feet away.
He's just like vanished?
No, he is on the ground over by the plant wall on his back, unconscious and wet.
And you see him wearing those clothes.
I want to, I guess, pick up the goggles.
Yeah, when you pick them up, you see that he's been kicking Julius Summers' ass
in a ring collecting game.
Julius, what have you been engaging in leisurely video games on working hours?
Julius is like just with his goggles still on, just staring down at his feet and like
finally just pulls the headset off and you can see he's been like sobbing.
Well, I was going to joke about you losing, but now
the headset just kind of falls to the ground and he's like,
when you look at it on the ground, what do you see?
Julius sees his own reflection in the visor, the visor goggles.
And he just starts kind of like looking and like squeezing his face and like scratching his face.
When the two of you see him scratching in his face and feeling it away,
like you see some of the cartilage is like pushing out of his skin as he's playing with it.
Cow Colorado vomits.
Gross.
Oh, Thomas, you're going to make me.
Oh no.
People are going to complain that they actually vomited.
I was going to say that is a trigger for some people pretty hard.
Am I jumping out of freeze mode?
Yeah. Where do you want to?
Not yet.
The two of you look over and see Beck Wilder has not moved a muscle.
Stevie has run over at this point and crawled over on her hands and knees.
And they're just like over their brother's body, touching the face, holding the head up.
Fox, Fox.
Stevie, what the hell was that?
I guess it worked.
It worked.
She's just nodding to Julius.
What, what happened?
Well, we've Fox, uh, became the mayor and now he holds God.
We it let's try to maintain some journalistic, uh, standards here.
We cannot confirm or deny that that is God.
Well, the, the turtle spirit isn't right.
Let's hope Beck got that.
You look over and you see the camera is pointed directly at the opening in the stained glass.
Of this church upside down in Godel's feet.
Canyon crevasse.
As, as we walk over Cal and maybe a rare moment of like opportunistic solidarity with Julius
is like, it looks like you might've got a pretty good angle with that.
I sure hope so.
Fingers crossed.
Right.
And we get over there and I'm,
I want to get an alertness check real quick from both Julius Summers and Cal Colorado.
Pass 32 on a 40.
Pass nine on whatever.
11.
It's not the sound of dogs.
Oh, good.
You know, from the door, but it is the sound of doors opening large doors, not ones that
need to be dogged, but not dog doors.
Undog doors are opening train doors.
Large large creaking doors.
Church doors.
Oh, that's a church door.
That is the creepiest kind of door you can open.
And the sound echoes through this area plant wall on either side.
It's the sound just kind of bounces back and forth.
You all see figures exiting the church going up.
Seemingly that fog that rose and formed the penetrable wall previously has dissipated.
There must be like steps coming up from the church because these bobbing people is this
massive folk that you see just very, very tiny off in the distance are making their
way up the unnaturally smooth wall.
Somehow maybe steps, maybe some sort of pathway.
Must be steps or a pathway.
Are they on our side?
They're climbing up your side out of the deep alien crevasse and toward the shelf that
you all stand on.
Uh, back back, back.
Are you seeing, are you seeing this buddy?
We got a frozen.
The camera won't move.
Cal is alarm.
He starts shaking you, but like by the shoulder back back, snap out of it.
Cal, Cal.
He slaps you.
Sorry.
Delayed reaction.
My dad.
Oh God.
Oh, Cal dude.
I saw it.
It's I saw it.
Who, who, who, who are they?
And I'm pointing at the figures.
I mean, when Beck sees figures, he points the camera at figures.
And as he zooms in on this roving gang heading up, you see how many figures are we talking
here?
We are talking nine figures.
Okay.
Oh, 10 figures.
One is just nope to 11, but two are just closer to the ground.
Seemingly a billion.
And as you zoom in, you see a gaggle.
That's 10 figures.
Nice.
Don't worry.
They're just geese.
They're school children.
Do they look ghosty or like, are they like ethereal?
No, they're wearing school uniforms.
And as you guys are looking into the viewfinder of Beck's camera to watch and see these people
head up in the back of the group, you see the last school child wearing the same uniform
is like on all fours, like on their knuckles and their toes.
The next boy, he is just a normal kid.
Let's see if that's even stranger for some reason.
I don't like that one.
He gives me the creeps in particular.
There's like seemingly six normal looking ones.
It's still quite from a distance.
You can't zoom in that far, but they seem to be wearing school uniforms.
However, in the back you see, it's like they've got red.
Yeah.
There's like a bit too much red around on all of them as they come closer to the top.
Stevie, what do you think of this?
Toward your shelf.
Red just around them?
Yeah.
You're not just going to keep talking about it while they keep climbing.
On their clothes.
We get to do something about this.
And as they all freeze, I'll continue to describe the rest of them.
No one makes a step, but in the back you see this human body with a face of a pug dog.
As you look down, it's got sharpened claws that are holding onto a leash.
And this human body is wearing a school uniform.
And on the leash, there is just a jaguar.
Cool.
The cat.
The cat.
And in the back is a kangaroo walking up on its hind legs with a very human gait to its walk.
It is wearing the school uniform as it follows up the rear as they make it closer to the top.
And you zoom in.
You see that they have blood on their hands, on their faces, and on their uniforms.
Jesus.
Stevie, are these the 20s?
I need you all to roll grip.
Damn.
Glad I had that in my notes.
I do not pass.
I do not pass.
I do pass with a 14.
In order to decide whether you lose zero grip or one grip, I want you to explain this to me.
Why I don't lose sanity?
Yeah.
I got nothing.
I don't...
Okay.
Lose one grip.
I'll lose one, yeah.
How much if you fail?
The frame wobbles just a minute as it loses a little composure and gets it right back.
Let's hit it with a D4 plus one for the two of you.
That is four more for me.
Oh, shit.
Four grip down for Julius, and you are now halfway between your starting power and zero grip.
Not quite.
Oh, no?
32.
Oh, damn.
My bad.
That is five more for Cal Colorado.
Whoa.
Damn.
God damn.
Is that a flight, flight or freeze?
That's a flying, flying ring.
You guys are acting like you've never seen animal children before.
It's like Kangaroo Jack.
Beck, I don't know what's going on with me, but I'd ask you to shut the fuck up.
Stevie also failed the grip, and they're freaking out, but not because of what you see.
You just hear sobs and wailing from behind you as kind of the realization of what this
all means sets in.
Stevie's sobs?
Stevie is sobbing from behind you.
Their brother probably basically isn't really real anymore.
Yeah, I don't know what to make of that.
Is he still unconscious?
He is, yeah.
If you can look back for even half a second and take your eyes off the situation at hand,
you would see that he's still on the ground.
Julius, he sees the animals and stuff and is just like, nope.
And he just goes over and just is like looking at Fox.
He's like, I got to look at something that's not going to be that.
No, it's just not fair.
It's just not fair.
Julius bends down and ties Fox's shoes together and then looks at Stevie in case he tries
to walk off the ledge like Chuck.
As she's just sobbing and nods.
Thomas, let's go to you.
Cal just lost five grip and so he had to roll for fight, flight, or freeze.
Nice.
I chose a fight as the least likely.
It doesn't even make sense in this situation.
I would be that horrified.
Followed by flight, followed by freeze, and I rolled flight.
So Cal also just turns his back on this and he's like, you're filming this, you got this.
Looks like you got a good frame there.
I'm going to go see how Julius and the others are doing.
Just shout if you need anything.
You've already been way far away from me at this point.
He's slowly walking and talking.
Beck, you see in the background, the single simple steel train car and the single simple
steel train car sized simple steel car train station.
Say that five times fast.
And you see Fox got on the ground and Stevie hands and knees over him and Julius standing
kind of hunched over next to Stevie and Cal backing up toward them.
I want to zoom in on a face or two of these animal people walking up the stairs.
What are they focused on?
Are they looking at us?
Are they maybe zombie-like?
They are not zombie-like.
And they're not walking up stairs.
What do you think is happening, Thomas?
Oh, I thought they were just like climbing the wall, right?
I thought it was like ghost stairs that they were walking up.
I thought, yeah, I don't know.
I think it's ghost stairs because you said the kangaroo had a human walk.
It did have a gate, yeah.
As it goes straight up the wall.
So what do they seem to be focused on?
You.
Dudes, I don't know like the protocol with like meeting a new species and like how we're
supposed to like do that from like a scientific perspective, but they've got blood on their
hands and I think we got to get the fuck out of here, dudes.
Zoinks.
Um, hearing Beck freak out, but then also describe basically what he's seeing.
Julius snaps back in and he knows that we have to get this on film.
I mean, that's the one thing that's being handled.
Julius whips around and just goes, Beck, don't stop filming.
Oh yeah, I'm filming, dude.
We got to, we got to talk to him.
No, no, no, no.
I agree with Beck.
We need to get back to our mystery machine immediately.
And I think we need to take Stevie and God.
Let's fucking go.
Yeah.
Stevie, we got to take your God brother in our van with us.
Fine.
Let's go.
Into the train.
Into the train, dudes.
Uh, I, Julius helps Stevie, I guess just carry Fox into the train.
Your hands as the, uh, as you grab on to the, uh, the legs of Fox Godel.
And I need you to roll grip.
Is it like.
It's wet enough to where water runs.
But I'm not like squishing into his body.
You're not squishing into his body like Jell-O.
No, but the water that is coming out of his clothing squishes and rolls over your hands.
And as you don't pass, you drop Fox Godel as you lose one grip and you cannot pick him back up.
That makes a pretty good sound.
Oh, yeah.
Julius catches a glimpse of himself and some of the water that's like reflecting
up and just starts picking at his face again and runs to the train.
Boom.
First one in.
Julius Summers.
Cal Cal looks at what he must now do, which is pick up this wet Fox.
And he is terrified.
He, he kind of like, he looks at the wet pant leg.
He looks back at the twenties.
He looks back at the pant leg and he completely shutters.
And he goes, and he picks it.
He picks the leg up or tries to go ahead and roll.
I pass seven.
It takes a huge sigh and like, let's go out.
He feels the water running out.
He knows where it's from.
And he just, he sighs and closes his eyes and he's like, Stevie, if you could just lead the way,
I'm going to look over to the side here and just let's walk straight.
Walk straight.
Okay.
Quickly, quickly.
All right.
Yes.
Yes.
Beck.
Come on Beckworth.
The news mate waits for no one.
Beck is trying to keep the camera focused on the animal creature.
People coming up the stairs, but he is backing it into the train.
As you back up into the train, you see them crest over the shelf, over this cliff side.
And they are on the same plane as the can crew.
And they are staring barrel down, eyes straight into the camera.
All of them as they begin running.
Oh no, fast zombies.
I was going to give them a friendly way of hoping,
hoping maybe they would just kind of give me a nice wave back.
What do you do as you're halfway,
like halfway into a friendly wave as they start sprinting towards you?
Yeah, his arm is up about to give like a very hardy,
hello there kind of wave.
And when he sees them start sprinting,
he uses the wave to grab the top doorframe of the train car
and throw himself backwards into the train car
and hope that the door closes behind him.
Good job Beck.
Keep filming.
Julius says as he's looking out the window, but also at his reflection.
Beck is yelling,
Train, train, go.
Make train, make train move.
Move train, train, train move.
Oh, oh, oh.
Cal throws the last of the lasagna out of his pocket.
Oh, those animals are going to love that.
Yeah, hopefully.
Yes.
Hopefully one's a cat.
The TV screens mounted on both the front and the rear of this train car,
these modern flat screens flicker to life.
You see a blank white soundstage with a white stool
and a man walks into frame, sits on the stool and smiles at you all, the viewers.
Hello, I'm Fred Gaudel.
He's a soft looking man in his later 60s with a loose plumpness and glasses
that consistently look like they're about to fall off his nose.
And the group of bloody school children with animal compatriots runs closer to you all.
Has the door closed?
Nope.
Beck runs up to the screen, is trying to tap the edge like it's a touch screen.
Fast forward, fast forward, fast forward, fast forward.
We got it.
We got it.
Hi, Fred.
Hey, Fred.
We're going.
We're finally Fred.
Can we do anything here?
Let's go ahead and get a roll for like electronics from Beck Wilder.
Do you have some sort of...
I think I got some.
I got computer science.
Yeah, there we go.
The look you just gave me.
What is it?
You want to see what I rolled?
Yep, yep, yep, yep.
That's a critical fail.
Are you fucking kidding me?
99.
That's a 99.
Hey, Beck, what do you do to the TV, man?
I guess I'd smash it.
In my frantic tappings, tappings turn to fist pounding, fist pounding turns to all outrage
to try and get this fucking train going.
Like David Ortiz at a telephone.
Can any of you come up with a reason why I should get this train going?
No, but I'm hoping you can.
Stevie, what do we do?
We have to get out and we have to run across the tracks, I guess.
Some of us might not make it and we might not be able to get Fox across.
That's going to be our most important task, okay?
Thank God I'm not afraid of heights.
Yes, we have to make sure that Fox doesn't fall to his death because that'll unleash
it again and we have to get him across.
But I guess this thing isn't going to start, so we need to get the fuck over across right
now.
What happens if you just try to like pull the door shut?
I guess try to pull the door shut and we'll see what happens here.
Do you have some sort of mechanical engineering?
Anyone with mechanical engineering?
Strength?
I mean, yeah, I was just going to use strength.
I don't have anything.
Okay, I could persuade the doors to close.
It could work.
It's a smart train kind of past 21 on a 50.
Okay, you pull these doors and as you pull them, you're able to get both sides shut.
Now we're going to have to roll a very important luck check here to see if that actually gets
the train moving.
Can I spend my luck on a luck roll?
I guess if you lose it.
If you need to on this luck roll.
I don't.
40.
Oh, you don't need to spend it.
Ah, that is a much better situation.
Should we cut out the part where I came up with a super cool idea to run across the train
tracks?
Maybe because Beck was going to say they got a fucking jaguar with him.
We're not going to outrun these animals.
There was no way.
That's another full episode of us being picked off one by one by monsters.
One by one survival horror across train tracks above a massive 80 story gulch.
Yeah, that sounds like a good concept for the board game maybe.
As the doors shut, Julius wants to address the train as if it is Frank Godel.
Wait, is that their dad or grandpa?
I rolled luck and succeeded.
Yeah, but you know, he's talking to the train while you're getting it to work.
Right.
Gotcha.
Is this their grandpa or their dad talking?
The TV is Fred.
Fred.
Which is their dad.
That is correct.
And Frank is the grandpa?
Also correct.
And was there only one TV?
There's one in the front and one in the back.
So yeah, the other one continues to play.
He's a soft looking man.
His guy says, thank you for coming and experiencing my pride and joy.
Grover's gorge.
I'm thrilled that you came and joined me on a tour of the future.
While you leave, please think very seriously about if you'd like the outside world to mirror
this gorge, this little town.
Julius looks at the TV and just says, Fred, your children are on board.
Please go.
Do you want to roll to feel good about this?
Can I say no?
I got a 99.
What?
You said roll to feel good about this.
So all that happens is that he rolls.
Thankfully, either way, it doesn't do anything, you know?
I got a 96, but yeah.
Don't try to reason with the machine.
Fred Godel points his finger into the air and a green light comes on.
This one means I'm really looking forward to shaping the world and making it a much
better place.
And the single simple steel train car begins moving.
Hey Julius, are you filming?
And Kal, like as those things like start slapping like against the wall while we're slowly
pulling away, Kal starts doing the TikTok dance like in their faces.
I mean, of course Julius pulls his phone out and films that.
As soon as you start filming, the bottom of a jaguar slams onto the side of the window.
You see the bottom of its legs scraping as it suddenly disappears and it is on top of
this simple single steel train car.
We are in dexterity order.
Luke, what does Julius Summers do?
He continues to film.
You hear purring coming from above you and the footsteps traipsing across.
And as you get further away from the shore, you can look and see the group waiting on
the other side, standing on the shore.
The shore of the cliff.
Nailed it.
Wait, on the other side?
The side we just left?
Yeah, the side that you just left.
I'm with you, Thomas.
I thought maybe there was like another group that we were heading towards.
Well, I thought there was maybe a spatial switcheroo.
There's no spatial switcheroo.
Everything is the same on both sides.
There's just a leopard on top.
Okay, there's just a jaguar on top.
Or is it a leopard?
Roll biology to know if you can tell the difference.
Oh, that's not one of our skills.
Science.
Bitch.
Intelligence at a negative 20.
Critical success.
Oh!
Fail.
Julius, Julius, are you getting that jaguar?
I'm not going to roll because Julius would have no...
He definitely wouldn't be able to distinguish between these two things.
Yeah, it's really difficult.
However, Cal Colorado confidently says that into your camera.
I'm still filming him dance until the TikTok's over.
It starts playing that same animation and the voiceover is coming over
as Dexterity Order hits Beck Wilder, you're up.
Beck is now like a horror movie just filming the ceiling of the train car
as he follows the sound of the steps of the paws of the claws of the jaguar.
It's seemingly just prowling on top.
Back and forth.
Back and forth.
Dudes, like, when the train stops, we gotta like hold the door closed.
Hold on, that gives me an idea.
And Cal thinks with all his might,
oh, I want to use that critical success biology rule about jaguars
to interpret some feline behavior here.
Now we're role-playing, baby.
Let's interpret some feline behavior.
Do these windows open at all?
Yes.
Quick, everyone, anything shiny you have, gather it all up.
I mean, you guys have a ton of equipment,
so there's got to be something shiny in that bag.
Got the keys to the van, and Beck probably has a huge key ring of bullshit.
The keys to the van.
Well, I mean, like, we save the key to the van and throw the other key.
We don't have a lot of that stuff because we left it in the lockers when we came here.
Oh, fuck.
But it's where we're going to.
I'll use like a lens of a lens I'm not using on my camera,
and it can probably reflect some.
Yes, that's brilliant.
We'll use it as a giant laser pointer.
Oh, yeah, dude, I could focus the light through the sun.
Through this, and I could point it.
Where do you want me to open it?
We don't even need to open a window to do that.
Just point it near the tracks and see if it jumps off.
I do that.
I kind of aim it.
I'm going to aim it like where we're headed.
In front of it, and then, yeah.
To see if it'll run it over.
Beck is saying, here, kitty, kitty, kitty.
Okay, and I'd like you to roll your, like, I think you're using the same skill that you use
to film.
Yeah, I agree.
I thought you might.
That's a pass.
That's a six on a 80.
I failed.
Is it critical?
It is not critical, but it is a failure.
Catacle?
That cat loves this.
Wait, is that a 96?
No, it's a 36.
Oh.
Cat's not very smart.
And loves lasers.
And loves lasers at a massive negative percent here because of the lasers.
This jaguar jumps in front of the single simple steel train car that you are riding in.
And as the single simple steel train car continues on the tracks away from the single
simple steel train car, walking nimbly across the tracks.
And as it tries to make it.
This is not going to be good for the cat.
I'll tell you that.
What was it?
An 88.
As it just like crosses right in front of our path, Cal's like, I suddenly feel very
bad about this.
Julius looks at both of them and is like, I mean, that was probably a human at one point.
As you say that, this jaguar makes a jump as it's nimbly walking across the train tracks
with you all approaching it.
It sees, it must make the leap now.
You're coming up right behind it.
It jumps for the edge knowing about how far a cliff side might be away from it.
However, its claws can normally sink in much easier to maybe a normal cliff or typical
mountain side.
However, this is an unnaturally smooth cliff side Mufasa.
I was about to say Mufasa.
And the single simple steeled train car lands on the other seed.
Um, I kind of wish we hadn't Mufasa'd that guy, but good, good work, Beck.
Well pointed.
It was us or him.
Maybe he just wanted to talk.
The screen, the screen quickly cuts back to for Donald sitting in his green shirt and
the Godel company has continued that practice into these modern times.
So thank you for opening your eyes, opening your heart and opening your mind to a future
without hunger, without pain.
Thank you for visiting Grover's gorge.
And the doors try to open.
You hear this like noise and then they kind of stopped trying to open.
And you all remember that they've been like jammed shut.
Currently.
Are you trying to move quickly?
Like what's the, what is the feel within this train car right now?
So are those people walking across the bridge or running across it?
Or are they just standing on the other platform?
Yeah, that's a, what do we see behind us?
So you have windows on either side, but there's just a TV screen on the short sides.
So then I think we're probably moving quickly.
Yeah.
Cause you can't see, you can't see, you could lean your head out the window and you see
they're not, they're not trying to walk across the train tracks.
They're uh, guys, they're just kind of standing there.
It's pretty creepy.
Actually, Beck, get a shot of this.
I stick the camera out the window to get a good angle on it.
They are all just staring at you standing in a line wearing their school uniforms.
Bloodied.
We're sorry about your friend, the Jaguar guy.
He slipped.
Julius is going to try to open the doors.
Yeah, real strength.
I'll help him out.
I need help.
Okay.
Everybody Beck, you keep filming, but uh, Stevie, if you could give us a hand here.
Oh, pass for me.
Pass.
Easy.
And you're open back up to this other side.
You see the big sign.
Welcome to Godel's gate to Grover's gorge.
You see the lockers and looking across at the other side, you see this group continuing
to just stand and stare.
If they're not coming for us, we should probably film a little pickup here.
Julius also flips them off as he's going at the locker.
Beck sets up the tripod and has Cal in frame with them in the background on the other side.
Can you get the Godel's gorge sign in there too?
Can I?
Yeah.
And Stevie is dragging Fox Godel from the underarms through the shot and then out of
frame coming up on your like stage left on as you're looking out at this picturesque
is not the right word, huh?
Indelible site.
Something you'll probably have a hard time forgetting.
I give the five, four, and then a sign that three, two, one.
Terror in our own backyards.
A news crew kidnapped, brutalized, and the story of our fantastic escape.
Tonight on city action news.
I'm Cal Colorado signing off.
Julius.
Julius screams in just joy.
Yes!
Let's dog those doors.
Let's dog those doors.
Julius, uh, texts his uncle, we're on the way.
As we're like loading up the van.
I'm like, Julius, could you, uh, could you show me how to use TikTok?
Julius just smiles and like motions for Cal's phone.
Cal hands it over with a big grin.
He shows you the background.
That's my daughter.
Cause my life is great and it's all my fault.
