We're probably going to need a content warning on this episode.
Because I'm sitting here and I'm like, I don't like being here.
Julius looks at...
Content warning, not fun.
This one?
Not so fun.
Not fun, man.
Let's go to an ad.
It's...
Wait, we're gonna...
Do we do an ad?
We're gonna go to an ad?
We do an ad?
We're gonna go to an ad.
An ad.
Hey, listeners!
And Joe and Thomas and Luke, I got some questions for you.
You need to go back, that automatically indicates the first bit I had.
What?
It's the start of your day peaceful...
What?
Hey, listeners.
Oh, are we the listeners?
Got it.
Fucking nailed it.
So good.
I got some questions for you.
Luke, is the start of your day peaceful?
No.
Are you tired of being scared awake by your alarm every day, Joe?
It's like waking up to a jump scare every morning.
Do you wake up feeling groggy as hell, Thomas?
Yeah.
Are you losing out on precious sleep because of your partner's different schedule?
Yeah, my freaking partner.
Not anymore.
Either way, I am.
That's why I must tell you about the hero of my morning, silent wake up.
Silent wake up?
Silent wake up?
I've heard of an angel of the morning, but a hero of the morning?
A hero of the morning.
What is silent wake up?
It's the having a sandwich for breakfast of the alarm clock game.
It is...
Is that in the copy?
No, it isn't.
You just gave him something free.
I don't know if you should say that.
Well, I don't know if it's good.
Having a sandwich is the best meal you can have, so having it in the morning...
That's not true.
I mean, I do like the...
Well, wrong.
The wearable alarm that gradually wakes you up using soothing vibrations and silent wake
up.
Sound alarms instantly wake you up by spiking your adrenaline and blood pressure, causing...
Oh, that's sound...
Okay, that's sound alarms.
Because I was like, that sounds bad.
I don't want that.
That is not this product.
That's like eating a turd sandwich for breakfast of the morning.
Yes.
Exactly.
That solution slowly transitions you from a deep to light sleep over 10 minutes before
gently awakening you.
That sounds better than like seven cell phone alarms every seven minutes.
It's like the nuclear meltdown sound and I'm like, God, now I gotta get up.
Do you feel shame when you've like hit the snooze like a certain amount of times?
I feel accomplishment, but I think this would eliminate that.
You can even personalize your morning with customizable modes for those heavy and light
sleepers out there.
Are you guys heavy or light sleepers?
Not getting a lot of sleep lately because normally I'm a very heavy sleeper, but lately
I'm a pretty light sleeper.
It's because I got a shitty mattress, so if we could get one of those on next.
Well, as much as you'll love your silent wake up, your partner will love it even more.
My partner?
I love thinking about them.
No longer will either of you be disturbed by the other's snooze addiction.
Does your snooze addiction affect your wife?
No, it doesn't because I wake up far later than she does.
And you wake up hours later and you wake up with a silent wake up.
That's right.
Without any noise whatsoever.
And I tried to scream, but I can't, it's just the ads don't have to be horror.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
Get yourself a favor and get the gift of extra sleep for $35 off at get.silentwakeup.com.
One more time!
Get.silentwakeup.com.
Everyone all together now?
The smarter wake up is a silent wake up.
Fucking nailed it.
Howdy there, my friends.
I just got back from my vacation back in the pirate times and have made my way all the
way back to the July 5th, 2022 times.
Damn, I miss those pirate oceans.
My fur though does not take kindly to the briny beast that is the ocean.
Gotta re-grease up my quills.
So welcome once again to the briniest broadcast this side of the Bermuda.
694.2 PTBP.
I am your loyal and humble host, Wolf the Dog, and you are my loyal listenership.
You sometimes write me things.
I sometimes read them.
This howlin' with Wolf is from Derek Enfargo N.D., who tweeted about the show and tagged
at Pretending Pod, a very cool thing you should do.
Derek Enfargo N.D. writes, Dear Wolf, you kooky bastards are the reason
I got my group to start playing D.G.
We at Fuckboys Central owe a debt to you for all we've gotten into.
From stealing a helicopter and killing a hand monster with hellfire missiles to having
a canoe-sized bomb dropped on an agent and explode the theater just as his bloody entrails
slopped out for a ritual sacrifice.
Shout out to Scoots, Danimal, Bozzie, Goofah, Cashew, Jesus, Matt, and your OG Fuckboy,
Drable.
Thanks for all the fish.
And thanks to you, Fargo Derek, I think your group has potential to go far.
If you want to write up something for your salty wolf to howl, just do a quick little
shout out to your favorites here at 694.2 PTBP and tag at Pretending Pod on Twitter
or Instagram, tag Pretending To Be People on Facebook, or write a five-star review on
the podcast app of your choice and send them screenshots.
The links are in the show notes.
Click them.
Cook them now.
Or after the show.
You just better look at them at the least.
Sorry, being back in 2022 has me on the edge of my mind's chair.
There's just so much more of the news.
Last time, right after Luke, Joe, Thomas, and Zach stood up from recording the end of
The Death of a Salesman, just like immediately after Zach stopped recording, Thomas exclaimed,
Holy shit, did we just create the Bermuda Triangle?
But back here in 2022, things aren't going so cool.
In the hidden, unnatural, Godel company town, Grover's Gorge, Fred Godel is nowhere to
be seen except on the screens in the train and the statue in front of the lab.
However, Vernon Covington, the landlord, has with a large audience accused Cal Colorado,
Beck Wilder, Julius Summers, and Stevie of the murder of the mayor of Grover's Gorge,
a turtle named Sandro.
When the can crew spoke in resistance, they were the victims of Vernon Covington's relentless
vitriol and violence.
The latter was most harshly directed at Julius Summers, who lays on the ground bleeding like
a fountain from his face, barely conscious.
And that's when the landlord called for a specific punishment, stoned to death.
Taking us now to a conflictingly less-than-hell-yeah-dude moment, it's Altergirl with My Life is Great
and It's All My Fault.
Welcome back to Pretending to Be People, after a four-episode run as pirates.
Argh.
Here's what I'm thinking.
Oh, and 80s.
Bones are their money, and also their food, and that's it.
But what if the part that we already recorded isn't in here anymore?
Yeah.
We're gonna have to keep it in, then.
Argh.
We can just let that sit there.
Zach asked you to talk about pirates and- Pirates eat bones, maybe?
I can't remember if I got a solid argh- You can't say it never happened.
In the pirate ark.
I don't know if I got one in here.
Do you want to get one now?
Argh.
Go, Joe.
This is your one and wild argh.
Is that how you're gonna use it?
Argh.
Oh.
That was pretty good.
No, it wasn't.
Don't fucking...
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Don't coddle the boy.
I thought it was pretty good.
Give me an argh, motherfucker.
Argh.
What?
I didn't know if you pushed people aggressively and got better results.
Have you ever heard of Stanley Cooper?
Is Thomas Stanley Kubrick of this podcast?
No, no, no.
There's a difference between inspiration and abuse.
What I do is abuse.
Which ultimately provides better material.
Excellent.
Excellent short-term results.
He never wanted to do a shining too, so it's like he doesn't care what happens after.
He doesn't care what bridges I burn.
Jack, you're cool.
This lady, though...
What was her name?
Shelley Duvall.
Shelley Duvall.
Poor lady.
Poor, poor lady.
Yeah.
Seems like it was a bad time.
Yeah.
Hello, I'm Shelley Duvall.
Have you seen that video?
No, I thought you were just playing character now on the show.
I was like, wow, bold choice.
Let's see where it goes.
What was shooting like?
She hosted some show that she was the...
Every intro, she said, hello, I'm Shelley Duvall.
And she said it in the exact same way.
So somebody made a compilation of her saying it a million times in a row.
It's really...
She's a fucking pro.
It's a fun video.
Yeah.
She's an ultra pro.
It's like perfect every time.
Whoa.
Do you think that we should like say the same thing at the beginning of all of our episodes?
Sure.
Yeah.
Fuck off, fuckaroos.
It's another episode of pretending to be people.
So, I mean, that's one idea.
It's kind of just Gabrus's what's up shit heads.
What if we just did the same thing every episode?
Every time.
The full episode?
From start to finish.
Yeah.
Episode one over and over and over again.
Hold on, I got to turn my heads down a little bit.
Until we get it right.
Can you reach it?
You can.
Hello, I'm Shelley Duvall.
You fucking nailed it.
You said it the exact same way you said it last time.
That was crazy.
Well.
So, Zach.
I don't want to be a pirate.
We just got out of the pirate arch, which, holy shit, man, there were some things that
happened in there.
But before the pirates, an even crazier thing was happening to our characters in the real
world.
Nobody remembers that.
In the real world is a great way to say it.
In the present world.
In the not pirate world.
It is the real world.
It's just spooky.
It's just spooky.
This is all spooky.
Luke, what was happening at the end of the last episode?
Was Julius fine?
Oh, he was having just a fine day until he ran into...
You don't have it in your notes?
He just looked to everyone in the room.
He looked at it in his character sheet.
Joe, don't show him.
Were you looking for your name?
Your character's name?
Vernon.
Until he ran into Vernon.
And then he was not having such a great day anymore, because he's almost dead.
He was having about as bad a day as you can have.
I would say one point away from ending his day completely.
Have we ever taken a PC down to one hit point on the show before?
Taking a PC down to one hit point on the show before.
So I've turned my headphones down, but Luke is still peaking really hard for me.
That's the thing.
I'm louder than everybody else is, for sure.
I always forget he just talks way louder than everybody else.
Bing bong, bing bong, shooby dooby doop.
It's all that theater training.
He projects.
Yeah.
I think the mics just don't pick up the deeper, more powerful voices in the room as much as
they do the...
The whiny, little, shrill, annoying voices.
As someone who listens to all of us on a regular occasion, I'm constantly surprised by how
deep Luke's voice is still to this day when I'm editing, and I'm like, whoa, he got down
there.
Hello, dude.
Luke, give us an argh.
Argh.
Hmm.
I genuinely believe that's the best you can do.
Fuck.
Argh.
Argh.
See, you've got to tailor your abuse to each person to get the most out of them.
Jesus Christ.
I am afraid to argh.
Hey, Zach.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Let's get this episode going, huh?
Yes, thank you.
Let us begin.
Well, I do like the...
Fuck.
You got me all riled up.
Lettuce, tomato, pickles and onions.
I want to go back and keep talking about where we were at the end of episode eight, because
that was a fair few moments ago.
I can sum it up in four words.
Okay.
Ouchie, ouchie.
Hell yeah.
Would you like to...
I think your forward explanation needs a slight explanation, but it is well done.
Yeah.
I think it's appropriate for listeners who remember what's going on, but entirely inappropriate
for the job of...
Catching anyone up.
Yeah.
That is my explanation.
Would somebody else like to give it a crack?
Julius hurt.
We're fucked.
Oh, we didn't need to...
I really appreciate the effort, but I...
It didn't have to be in four words.
It did not have to be in four words that time specifically.
But also very good job.
Yeah, super well done.
Four words, Joe?
Landlord, bang, bang, bang.
Yep.
Oh no, four words about the story.
You already told us what you were up to today.
Three times, wow.
Fucking your landlord.
Pretty impressive.
Thanks guys.
Three times, not bad.
Yeah, we're getting old.
What is your refraction period?
Refractory.
What is your refractory period?
What was that?
I was doing the same laugh I did the time before, but I just didn't have it in me that
time as much.
I thought you were trying to laugh in reverse.
Give us an R.
I got it.
Yeah, nailed it in one.
So we killed the mayor.
We didn't kill the mayor.
The mayor, if he was killed by anybody...
The turtle mayor of this bullshit town committed suicide.
With the help of possibly...
God damn it.
Well, Julius did say he would watch it.
Well, Julius, I guess, but the guy, the guy who spoke for the mayor.
The guy who asked you to watch it?
Chuck.
Chuck.
Chuck Bidwell.
If anybody killed the mayor, it was Chuck Bidwell.
Turtle dies.
Other stuff.
Town mad.
Yeah, turtle dies, town mad.
That's the four words we were looking for.
Yeah, and then you guys came down and saw a very dry turtle corpse there on the ground
before you headed out and saw the crowd all staring at you angrily, almost rabid, to see
what happens to you.
There's your answer, Joe.
This is very similar to something that actually happened to me in preschool.
Whoa, what?
This girl brought a frog to school and was showing everybody on the playground and it
was all loose and everybody's looking for it and they all run up into this tree house
to look for it there and I'm standing near the bottom just looking around and they all
just point to this dead frog and they're like, look, you stepped on it.
I was like, I don't think, well, yeah, the mob turned on me.
Yeah.
You're right, this is almost exactly the same.
Yeah.
Why did you step on the frog, though?
I wanted to watch its light go out.
That's somehow better than wanting attention.
Also, he wanted to be the-
Wanted attention.
I'm the mayor of the playground now.
I'm the frog.
Watch me hop.
Why would they have thought that it went to the tree house?
Because it was a cool place to be.
Maybe they had a dead frog and wanted to prank me, I don't know, but everybody else rushed
up to this little tree house and yeah.
Frogs live in tree house.
Frogs live in tree house.
True frogs do.
Frogs live in tree house.
That's right.
And tree house frogs definitely do.
Anyway, then they stoned me to death.
Which is what we ended there.
One of the teachers came out.
Yeah, that's it.
So Vernon Covington, the landlord, put you in your place both verbally and physically,
and really did some serious damage to Julius and left him on the ground bleeding, coughing
up his own blood, sputtering, and maybe even teeth falling out.
I mean, it was bad.
It was a bad scene.
Before he, Vernon Covington, the landlord, did indeed call out to the judge and ask that
the four of you, the three of you, Julius, whatever your last name is-
Summers.
Caesar.
Julius the Simpsons.
I almost said Caesar so many times.
Summers.
Julius Summers, Beck Wilder, from Cal, Colorado, as well as Stevie, or as you know her.
Stevie Gotel.
Well.
Starts with an F.
Frank Gotel.
Yep, her name is-
Francis.
Francis Gotel.
No, I almost did that before I realized I did that name in season one, so I avoided
using those names.
Fox.
Yes.
Fox is the sun.
Fox is the name that the sun is going by these days.
He was the one that greeted us when we got here, right?
He is, yes.
Oh, wait.
That's Francis.
Faith.
Faith.
That was, dude, I took a lot of fucking notes in this crazy town.
That was a while back.
Yes, Faith Gotel.
Vernon Covington is asking also that Faith Gotel be stoned to death, although she is
very much still in disguise to everyone here.
Our last hope is Faith's friend.
Faith was kind of, was she iffy about whether or not the judge was on our side or not?
Yeah.
Yeah, iffy, but also mentioned that for the past year, Susan Bloom, the judge, has known
the whereabouts of Faith Gotel and hasn't turned on her yet, is what Faith said.
Right.
Maybe a friend, maybe saving her for something really juicy.
Yeah.
The right time to turn her in.
Yep.
That's the way this world goes, guys.
You don't know what's really in people's hearts, who you can trust, but I think most people
are good.
I'm sure hope this judge isn't.
Probably not this judge.
So, yeah, I'm laying down munching on my own teeth and drinking my own blood on accident
basically.
Whoa.
Fucking metal.
Hardcore, yeah.
Fucking hardcore.
In this moment, the world basically freezes in your minds.
It doesn't actually freeze.
I know this is a natural kind of game to where if I said that and meant it, it could mean
that it's real, but also I just mean, let's zoom into each of your minds real quick and
get an idea of where you are at.
What is rushing through your mind right now?
I mean, Beck was just bleeding profusely from his leg not 15 minutes ago, and he's been
cured seemingly, and now you've come out and seen this.
Oh, yeah.
We didn't mention it, but also we cured Cal's poison ivy because we forgot about that.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
Good thing they used that machine.
That was a deleted scene.
I lied to you just now.
We didn't forget about it.
You just got cut.
Oh, we could easily put that in now.
It hasn't come out yet.
Somebody just comes in.
That's true.
Oh, that's true.
That's too much work.
Too much work.
But it happened.
Or something that doesn't need fixing because we already addressed it.
Oopsie.
I accidentally edited it out when I was drunk.
Whoops.
Uh-oh.
That trashcan buttons pops out of nowhere sometimes.
It's wild.
You know what Hemingway said, write drunk, edit drunk.
Play high.
It zooms into Julius's face, and a voiceover of Julius says, you're probably wondering
how I got here.
Say that through your blood and teeth.
Don't spill.
You're probably wondering how I got here.
I wish I knew.
Julius is, he's not really got much thoughts going on in his head other than like, ow,
and if I fall asleep I'll die.
Yep, those are the two things that makes all the sense in the world.
I feel like Beck up until this point was just kind of both weirded out but also really
into everything that's been happening so far and then he fell on a jackalope and that really
messed things up.
But I think this is, I think this is now it's hitting him that this isn't just like accidents
and hijinks and weirdness.
This is life or death.
This is, this is, this is no longer a news story.
So weirded out here.
This is all just a crazy misunderstanding.
It's not just the kind of place that can cure a deep wound out of nowhere, but it's also
the kind of place.
It's the kind of place where you could lose your life today.
And that's, that's, that's not, that's not what Beck signed up for.
Yeah.
What about Cal, Colorado?
Cal is like stunned.
He doesn't, he, he tried to make these appeals to like justice and rightness and the law
and like the power of journalism to shine light on dark places and got nothing.
And his head, he's, he's just rapidly like turning through different variations of those
ideas and like, what if I approached them this way and appealed to their civic duty
or like, yeah, but he's just grasping at straws.
Will you remind me, did, did, uh, Julius do something in particular to receive that wrath
or did we do something and he was the brunt of the...
I did, what did I, Oh, I tried to break his cane in half and I didn't do that.
And then he grabbed it and beat the shit out of me with it with my beautiful big thick
thighs.
I thought it would work flawlessly.
I planned this character for this exact moment.
I was like, will there be any cane wielding baddies?
Do we look at the face or watermelon people?
Just the normal role playing stuff.
You never know.
What's going to happen.
Hold on.
I got to rewrite the end of this.
As the mothership's doors open, the bulbous head of watermelon prime descends slowly down
stop this madness.
He says, you know, we're going to invent the watermelon people language and they're aliens.
So it's weird.
Well they're here for our seeds, which seeds they need to cross pollinate.
Their people are experiencing a children of men situation and they can't make seeds of
their own.
So they need our watermelon seeds.
You realize the first time you get one of those babies in between your thighs for too
long and you're like, they're seedless.
The reason they turn on us is they're like, what, what have you, you did this on purpose?
They actually go to war with us because the first one to land who came in peace, Julius
just like fucking raffles to the ground between his thighs and pops that fucker open.
I was made for this.
Oh, we're just putting off some bad things.
I don't wait.
Kill the frog.
Are you saying that we're just procrastinating because of the, I don't want to kill me Joseph
because I'm Stalin.
Oh my God.
All right.
Well we need to get Russian if we're going to get this episode done in time.
Communism.
Yeah.
We need to quit putting it off.
You'll laugh your yak off.
Oh, that was hammering circle.
All right, in Russia it says, or in America it says, in God we trust on the money in Russia.
We have no money.
That's Bobby Hills.
Yakov joke.
Yeah.
He sells it to Yakov for $20.
Last thing I'll say about Yakov Smirnoff is his, um, in Branson, his sign out in front
of his show says, laughter kills the COVID virus.
Wow.
Is it true?
I went to Yakov and I haven't had COVID since.
Dangerously false sec.
Oh, okay.
Fascinating.
Encouraging a crowd of mostly senior tourists to all expel as much air as we can in a closed
space.
I just listened to whoever talked to me last.
So I didn't know if it was true.
Oh, it's not.
Thank you.
Do you just want an earpiece?
So the watermelon people are invading.
Yeah.
So you guys are looking up at what is basically now the King of the Hill, Vernon Covington,
the landlord, as he is just smiling through these teeth that are fucking afraid of each
other.
They're so far apart and spit is just like dripping off one of his lips as he's looking
down at Julia Summers.
This guy sounds hot.
We see the faces of people in the crowd, people in yellow, people in green.
We see the two medical staff who spoke up to say that Julia Summers had tried to assault
them.
Pretty harsh character witness as everyone's eyes turn to the judge, Susan Bloom, who kind
of almost shakily steps forward and then quickly gains her confidence.
She's looking at the four of you, but you all kind of noticed, well, two of you kind
of noticed mostly that she's directing her gaze at Stevie, lip quivering.
Oh, hey, I didn't come up with her voice.
What should I do for her?
What should I do for her?
I'm the judge and you're going to listen to my justice.
Is that what you want?
No.
When you say judge, also based on our new artwork, I think of like a powdered wig judge,
so British.
I'm the judge.
Wait, is she wearing a powdered wig?
Powdered wig.
Oh yeah.
Powdered wig.
Lightning blue.
Black gloves.
Powdered merkins.
And blue high heels.
Electric blue high heels.
So yeah, British.
Joe?
Yeah, British.
Oh, okay.
I was going to kind of combine all three of them, but yeah.
Okay.
Then I would say aristocrat, not cockney.
Oh, Kai.
God dammit.
Due to all the outstanding evidence levied against these four, I do hereby charge Carol
Colorado, Julius Summers, Vic Wilder, and Stevie to be stoned to death.
Hell yeah.
Hell yeah.
Hell yeah.
But also-
No.
It's all Julius can summer out of.
You were probably the most effective person to speak up at that moment.
Blood splatters up above you, spraying back down directly in your eyes as you blind yourself
with your own blood spittling out of the hole in your mouth where most of your teeth used
to be.
The trial will commence in one hour.
Didn't you just sentence us?
To death for the trial.
So if we lose the trial, we'll die, but we could win.
Usually it's a trial, then sentencing.
I sentence you to a trial by stoning.
Yeah.
It's old school.
Trial by stone.
If you live, you are innocent.
Wait, what?
I charged you.
I literally already just charged you for the crime, didn't I?
But that's the thing that happens in the trial.
You get charged.
And then you go to trial, but you sentenced us to death, which is what happens typically
after a trial.
Damn.
But they do different things here in Grover's Court.
Yeah.
They tell you how you're going to die.
The justice system would probably be a lot more effective if we just started with a foregone
conclusion and worked our way towards that instead of-
I sentence you to be tried for the death of Sandro the Turtle, our dear mayor here
at Grover's Gorge.
Oh, that makes more sense.
The trial will commence in one hour.
You may roam free until then.
She looks at Vernon.
That's nice.
Yeah.
Oh, wait.
Oh, no, that's not right.
Vernon's like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no take backs.
No take backs.
You all heard her say it, right?
Everybody.
Yes.
Everyone witnessed it?
Julius gives a thumbs up.
Your honor, might I request the defendant, Julius Summers, be allowed to receive medical
attention immediately?
He's in no fit shape to stand trial.
Medical attention will be given.
Thank you, your honor.
Julius gives a rock horns.
Because his other fingers are battered and broken.
He's trying to hold his hand up.
Well, I guess I don't know.
Should they be led free until the trial or should they be thrown in?
I think they should go free.
Yeah, let them go.
Seems like a vocal swelling of support for our freedom.
It would reflect very well on you and your community if you showed this kindness to us
before justice is properly expected.
I will grant you each 30 seconds to plead your case and then the crowd will vote.
Is this the trial or are we pleading to get like their freedom now?
Is that the 30 seconds?
No, this is just for pretrial bail, essentially.
Quick question.
Do you have your camera with the on you still?
Uh huh.
Yeah.
I think so.
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah, we tried lying and saying that we were live streaming, but they called our bluff.
I was probably filming that crowd before this all happened.
I think you can still be filming, honestly.
I just assume that Beck is literally like attached eye to camera.
Agreed.
I will grant you each 30 seconds to plead your case.
Your Honor, petition to have Julius' 30 seconds either split between Beckworth and I or he
seeks medical attention first before he's in no condition to plead any kind of case.
Julius barely is able to give a thumbs up.
He may go last.
And she looks over to the medical staff who are the two who were
like threatened by Julia Summers earlier and they are both giving the flat hand under their
chin waving side to side of like, no thank you, not us.
But they get on their little speaker system and call out and shortly medical staff will
be here to assist.
Hell yeah.
You may begin in three, two, one, go.
Well, a society that treats its imprisoned with respect is one that deserves respect.
We live in a country, this is I still believe, I hope, I sincerely hope we're still in the
United States, but we believe that a person here is innocent until proven guilty and I
believe that we should be given time to like be not guilty for a while.
You know?
Cal knots vigorously.
And more words, 30.
Please.
I bequeath my time.
Yeah.
And also like neither one of these big statue guys are even here.
So like how do you even know what you're supposed to be doing until one of them is here to like
tell you what to do.
Aren't they in charge, especially with your mayor being dead as well.
There's probably like no one in charge anymore time.
And lastly, and at this point, Julius has been fully like, actually go ahead and roll
a D4.
I said fully like a fool.
Well, you get one hit point back, which brings you up to what?
Two.
Well, two is enough to talk.
My mouth is mostly what's been fixed.
They focus on the face.
I believe that I've received punishment enough already.
I mean, up until you decide whether I'm guilty or not of the crime.
But I would like to have time to formulate my trial argument and I won't be running away
or anything because I know what happens to bad time.
All right.
I need all four people.
So the three of you and me is Stevie to roll persuade.
I passed a 19 on a 50.
I failed an 86 on a 60.
I pass a 43 on a 80.
And Stevie failed.
So go ahead and add up your two successes.
What were your successes?
43.
Mine was a 19.
Math 62.
He's just rolling until he gets more than 62.
41 plus 19 is 60.
I have one more role.
That's a success.
The crowd is seemingly on your side and vocalizations of like, Oh, maybe there's, okay, yes, now please
throw up some noise.
If you believe they should be let free between now and the trial, and now let's make some
noise.
If these four should be thrown in the pit, I don't think they should be in there.
No, this is not the right move.
I think we should consider a more reasoned approach.
Beck is literally shushing people near him.
Vernon pulls out these crazy looking handcuffs from behind his back and begins walking up
behind and slaps a pair on Stevie.
Can I roll another health now that they've applied it to more than my face?
I think as soon as they got you up and ready to go, like able to talk.
They left.
Yeah.
These are the guys who didn't want anything to do with you.
So they just put some chapstick on you and then, yeah, I'm just kind of like, I'm sitting
up now.
I'm not just completely on my back, but I just let him not struggling snaps a couple.
These are the same kind of like that fifties futuristic vibe of what people thought handcuffs
would look like.
Like laser beams?
Yeah.
Like an energy beam.
Yeah.
But it's like energy beam cuff, but there's very clearly like tubing around where the
cool pulsating light is coming from.
It's like fiber optic.
Yeah.
It's fiber optic.
Cal's like, that's a little disappointing.
It's a pair on Beck Wilder.
Dude, bro, this seems like totally unnecessary.
It's just a turtle guys.
Come on.
Puts your camera nicely back in its bag.
Vernon Covington is weirdly nice.
Like handles your camera with care.
Hey man, watch the merchandise dude.
Smiles up at you as he walks over to Cal.
Do you think he's a home videographer?
An enthusiast.
He didn't know how to put it in its bag, which is kind of tricky sometimes.
Hands behind your back.
Beck, are you filming?
It's in the bag.
Oh, right.
Okay.
As soon as he snaps your handcuffs on, he clicks a button and all four of your handcuffs
like snap together in a line where like a rod like reaches out and connects the four
of you together with a leash almost on the front end of it that he grabs hold of.
So it's like we're attached to an invisible foosball table arm.
Yeah.
That's what I was picturing.
Yeah.
With a leash.
Yeah.
And he begins leading you East away from this large lab that is made of glass and grass
and toward what was described to you as the factory where the GEs work.
The whole time, Cal was like, you know, some of those no votes seem to be from people sitting
in a natural hollow of sorts, which amplified their, I don't think this was an accurate
method of counting that vote.
Vernon Covington laughs and laughs and spits on the ground and continues walking you toward
this massive, massive building off in the distance.
Your laughter is a very cold thing, sir.
Vernon Covington laughs and spits on the ground.
Somebody like called you like the landlord.
You like own this place?
Well, you know, I am the overseer of sorts of the GIZs around here.
So you're more like a super or facilities.
I'm a super landlord.
Maintenance.
Hmm.
The name is what you make of it.
I do suppose a glorified errand boy carrying out whose orders look up behind you toward
the sky, your towering statues, but I understand they're not here right now.
Would they be happy with this decision you've made?
We'll see, yes, we'll see, oh, we'll see when you go in the it pit.
We'll see if Fred Godel likes it when I have you down in the it pit.
Julius, I know you're hurt, but remember that name for a future segment.
Which name?
The it pit.
Oh, nods his head and, guys, I think my wisdom teeth grew back.
Yeah, man, that machine works wonders, dude.
Julius is kind of still out of it, like coming back to life, but he will remember the it
pit.
As you guys make it towards this factory, you see plenty of happy and chipper ease wearing
their work clothes, cute little jumpsuits that are both monochromatic and have little
flashes of yellow all over them, heading in and out of work.
But you guys do not take the front entrance as you lead you around the back.
As you walk around the back, this is the first time you've really made it toward the trees.
These trees are all around, and there's just this thick, hazy fog off in the distance that
you can kind of make out through the thick of the trees in the distance.
He leads you around the corner of this massive facility and in the ground around back behind
the factory.
There are two metal doors that seem like they go down into a bomb shelter or a bunker of
some sorts.
Or like a pit.
They're in the ground.
They're in the ground.
Like a hatch.
Much like a hatch.
A hatch that's actually in the ground.
Not a SpongeBob door.
This one does not have the cool wheel on it that makes a fun noise when it turns.
I know.
But you're just like, around back there's two doors, and then...
Just I don't know.
It seems like you have trouble with openings as a spatial concept.
Which reminds me of another Stephen King book I read.
Oh my god.
He opens up one of the metal doors, opens up the other one, inside is only darkness,
and out comes the most foul stench, decrepit, awful, human anatomy that's just been left
out in blood that's coagulated and piss and shit and cum that's just molded over growing
cultures on them.
Who could cum in a place like this?
And we'll answer that question on the next episode.
No, it's not over yet.
Yeah, we still need a closing line.
This pit is not it.
It kind of smells like Beck's bedroom.
He takes his cane and hits Stevie in the back of one of her legs and then pushes her into
the pit.
Hey, whoa, bro!
Boom!
Immediately, the three of you just dun-dun-dun-dun-dun.
And if anyone can hold on, you can give it a go here, but you're being whipped down
and dragged by the human weight.
Kind of like we're spinning like you would spin a bunch of foosball players.
We might have some leverage here, literally, because he knocked the smallest person down
the stairs, presumably.
There are no stairs as you look down and you just hear Stevie yelling out like, oh, ow,
ow, ow, ow, and like she's screaming out because her hands were behind her, so when she went
down, her hands are now above her head if you were looking down in her eye.
It's a dislocated shoulder action.
Yeah, Julius is the next one up, so Julius is staring down and you're seeing, I mean,
her arms just snapped up fully behind to then be above her, and she's just like, oh, oh,
shit, oh, just, oh, shit, oh.
We're probably going to need a content warning on this episode because I'm sitting here and
I'm like, I don't like being here.
Julius looks at- Content warning, not fun.
This one, not so fun.
Not fun, man.
Julius looks at the other two guys and just goes, I think we should jump.
Do we have a choice?
I'm confused now.
Yeah, how far- Did we all go tumbling in now because of her?
I think, like Thomas pointed out, he did push in the smallest one, so-
Oh, so she's just like dangling by her arm.
She's just dangling by her arm.
That's okay.
Why didn't I say nothing?
Sorry, Stevie.
Yeah, that's what made that happen.
I thought that she had hit with such a weird impact that it had snapped her arms up.
She's like dangling there while we're not- He's got his cane out, he's looking at Julius
and he's just like, jump, and he lifts his cane up and they're like, he's about to hit
you.
Julius immediately gets a cane PTSD and he says, I think we should jump, and then he
jumps.
Nope.
Boom.
We got two and- Okay, I try to grab out.
Oh, wait, I've handcuffed- Yeah, you have handcuffs on and Beck is
actually next up and the two of you are the only ones standing, so I'm actually going
to need strength rolls here in order for the two of you to stay up.
And Vernon Covington is laughing his ass off while this happens.
Cal passes a 45 on a 50.
I failed a 57 on a 55.
Okay, a 45 is enough to where when Beck falls in, you skirt your heels right up to the edge
and are able to just hold on, but as you do so, Beck's arms are about to do the exact
same thing if you don't jump at this last second.
I know my hands are down behind my back, but Cal just wants to try to throw himself back
and grab out with his fingers for any part of Vernon's clothes and take him down with
us.
Awesome.
Fucking cool.
That's so cool.
What would that be?
Grabby grabbies.
Oh yeah, I've got a hundred in grabby grabbies.
Well, his hands are sticky from the poison ivy, so.
Right, all the pus from the poison ivy that's still here.
We actually did say that.
That's why we cured it, I forgot.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
I'm talking.
Ooh, I'm talking.
That's what I'm...
I'm talking.
Shut up.
I'm talking here.
No.
No, you said what I said before I said it.
The bear.
That's pretty good.
So yeah, what should I roll here?
You should roll athletics or decks.
Okay, I'm going to roll dexterity.
Yep.
Got a 45 in that.
And I rolled a 70.
So I'm going to spend my luck.
Wait, yeah, to change that to a seven.
Right.
Which is great because he crit fails.
Oh, fuck yes.
Holy shit.
All right, because he crit fails, I'm going to say Beck keeps his arms, which is very
nice for Beck.
You're able to grab him.
They were going to be ripped out of their sockets?
Yeah, they were.
Did mine?
Did mine already do that?
Actually, fuck.
Ouchie.
I would say it's not a foregone conclusion that your arms would dislocate in this position.
Yeah, you could come up.
Well, when he put the cuffs on me, they were in front of me.
Oh, nice.
That was nice.
That worked out well for you.
Yeah.
Because I was like, my arms hurt too bad to put them on the way back there.
So you just have your arms raised normally above your head.
It's uncomfortable, but it's not terrible.
Yeah, you were able to hold on to the in-between connection.
So yeah, as Kal is slipping off, he just manages to get three little fingers around
a belt.
Inside the vest.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And he just yanks him off with us.
Boom.
And with the belt in your hands.
I jack him off into the gumpit.
Okay.
Oh, fuck, dude.
He can't get both doors, but also because he crit fails there, he's trying to grab on
to one of the doors for any sort of like leverage on the ground, right?
But that just ends up shutting one of them.
And slamming his fingers and breaking his hands, right?
Why not?
Yeah.
Hands.
Fingers, maybe.
Knees and toes.
As he comes down, he's got his fingers just on the edge, but then that door that he pulled
up just comes down and slices off all of his fingertips.
Slices them off?
Yeah.
And as you guys all hit the ground, he's just, whoa, oh my, oh shit, oh my goodness, oh no,
oh my God.
And you look over and there's just very little light in here.
The only light that is actually coming through is coming in through one of the empty doors
that is above you.
So light is pouring in through that.
And you see that Vernon Covington shoves his fingers into what is the ground, but what
is essentially just a layer of, okay, so like the amount of skin that sloughs off of
a human in like a certain amount of time, like leaves a certain amount of skin waste.
Mostly what dust is.
Most of the dust in your house.
Yeah.
This place be dusty and the dust is basically turned to mud.
Yeah.
Because of all the shit and blood and common piss.
Because of all the shit and blood and common piss.
Yeah.
You've got a pretty good idea of what that sounds like in here.
Oh, did we say puss?
Oh, and it'd be a lot of that too.
Snot.
There would absolutely be a fair amount of snot and puss.
That's just some puss.
Kind of puss really.
It's all white blood cells.
Interesting.
Yeah.
And probably a bunch of skin cells in there too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So we got it double covered.
I'm going to go ahead and say roll grip.
Okay.
I wanted to pass this so bad because that could be okay with a certain degree of this.
But I did not.
I'm an 83 on a 63.
Cal, Colorado is not okay with this at all and critically fails.
77 on a 56.
I got a 41 on a 45.
Congratulations Julia Summers.
He's in too much pain.
And like half blind and can't really tell what's going on.
Literally the thoughts on my mind are who came down here with us and my wisdom teeth
hurts so bad right now.
You lose one grip, Beck, you failed, which means you lose one D4 plus one and Cal, because
you critically failed, you lose the most for this role, which is five.
I got the most and it looks like Joe, I got the most too.
And I got a chance to not have the most and I got the most.
That's a big old fiver.
Hey, Zach, that also makes me hit my bow breaking point.
I'm one away from my breaking point.
Oh, why did I tell that's for the audience, Zach.
Don't listen to that.
I don't get any ideas, mister.
So we're going to have the cover Joe's breaking point here, and we're also going to have to
take care of fight flight or freeze.
Okay.
So that's a three, two, one, right?
So three fight, two freeze, one flee.
Okay.
Do I do that because of the breaking point?
You do that because you lost five as well.
Losing five grip in one go means you got to roll that fight flight freeze.
It is going to be Beck's first because you don't want to be in this pit.
Freeze would be a second and third is fight.
Yep.
Beck got a two, which was freeze.
Your name's Cal.
Oh, Cal got a two.
That's not going to stop the shippers or just one now call me by your name.
Let me eat your arm.
So you are doing what now?
You're freezing.
Yeah.
Cal feels a brief moment of triumph as he drags the landlord down with them.
But then as soon as he sees what's in this pit, instead of trying to beat him to death,
he just looks around every part of his face drops and he just stands there silently crying.
And I think that in this moment, as you're standing there crying, it's one of those you're
in here with me, I'm not in here with you situations as you realize that you have brought
down a person who has been capable of extreme violence, whose hands are not cuffed.
Yeah, but his fucking fingers are cut off.
Yeah.
It's not going to help as I try to beat the shit out of you guys until you die.
Weird call, but I like it.
Beck Wilder.
I mean, you're going to have to tell me how much you allow in the handcuffs, but Beck
rolled a one.
Oh, that's the fucking-
Joe business right there.
He's going to try and start kicking and headbutting Vernon.
He is far too concerned with his current situation right now to fight back.
So you've got a free shot on him and because you're going with just like unbridled lack
of grip on reality here, you are going to act in basically what is a surprise round
before we get into combat.
Especially no one.
Beck is not a combat person, so I can roll unarmed combat, which you get a natural 40%
in.
That's not a bad score.
I would argue that I'm literally not using my arms, so maybe it's just like strength.
Leg combat?
No, I'm going to call that unarmed combat.
Yeah.
If you're not using your arms, man.
It's super unarmed.
Head and leg only.
I could see like pure violence also being a strength roll.
I passed it.
It's a 12.
Oh, that's great.
It's uncontested.
Can I headbutt him unconscious?
You can give him one great headbutt hopefully here.
Go ahead and roll a- what is a headbutt worth?
Oh, that's a D100.
You haven't seen Beck's head.
It's going to be a D4 minus one.
Just give us a D4.
Nice.
So three total.
So Vernon Covington takes three damage as you- I mean through the slop in the mud beneath
your feet.
Do you want to describe how Beck headbutts Vernon Covington?
I mean, since his hands are behind his back and he's attached to all these guys, it's
going to be a weird kind of lunge forward.
He might even lose his feet for a second to get enough momentum to bring everybody forward
with him.
And he just kind of supermances his head into Vernon's head.
And since he connects, I think that he can stay on his feet because of that.
If he had missed, he would have gone face down past him.
Vernon just failed to stay standing.
He is on his back prone and will now act last in this turn.
What is your guys' dexterity?
45.
75.
Mine's a 50.
So first up, Stevie fucking just starts stomping on Vernon Covington's face and it's Julius
Summers' turn.
I want to point out real fast- That's what I wanted to do if I wasn't present.
Just for the record, there's no way that Beck can say this in person, but I'll say it out
of character because I want us all to be aware.
There's no reason- like now we're definitely going to be sentenced to death if we get out
of here.
This is us killing or naming the landlord.
He brought us here on his own.
It's our word against his.
He brought us to their fucking weird cum shit torture pit.
Oh, you know, he tried to hit us and fuck us with a dead guy's arm or whatever.
So yeah, it was self-defense and we ended up beating him to death.
Sorry, but maybe you should have a real police force here.
I don't know.
It's better to ask for forgiveness.
I'm glad you said it, but like Julius does not think of that at all.
Thank you.
But now it's like everything I do, I'm like, damn, it's stupid to do this.
As your turn turns the corner here, you see that Stevie is performing an act that is making
Vernon Covington look in role-playing parlance bloodied.
Julius is going to, for lack of a better term, I'm going to straddle his head and try to
just crush his head between my legs.
Foreshadowing the triumphant end of the campaign when he defeats the watermelon people.
Now see, this is a strength roll.
28 on 50.
Holy shit.
Okay.
So because what you're going for here is full-blown like head smash.
Like skull fracturing head smash.
Yeah.
I'm going to have him roll constitution.
So you are going to do one D4 minus one damage.
One.
Okay.
So you do one damage to him.
You are squeezing his head so hard that his actually, his a tipless fingers are now like
reaching out for you.
But every single time that he actually tries to grab onto you, he's cause it hurts so fucking
bad when he's trying to reach out.
Well good.
Cal, Colorado, you are frozen.
What is going through your brain is you're unable to act in this turn.
I guess Cal is kind of being dragged around by everybody on this line, but he's not really
seeing what's in front of his face.
He's just remembering conversations with like his ex wife where she's like, one day this
job is going to get you killed.
Like one day you're going to be in a situation where you couldn't say no and you're going
to pay the price.
There's more important things, Cal.
There's more fucking important things than that job.
And he's not quite like ready to accept that, but that's all he's seen in his mind at the
top of the next round.
Vernon reaches out his fingerprintless fingers, trying to grasp and find his cane and he successfully
does so.
And when he goes to use it on Julius Summers, wrapped so tightly around his face, he is
fully unable to quite figure out where Julius is still.
He's just whipping his arm around randomly and confusedly.
He's freaking out.
The guy can't even fucking breathe right now and he's losing his absolute shit.
I don't think you're going to be able to hit me with your cane.
Got him.
Bible stuff.
Bible slam.
Yeah.
Total Bible slam.
Fucking got him.
Interesting character choice at this time to make Julius religious.
He's losing it a little bit.
Julius is deeply Christian.
Stevie straight up, she was stomping on the face, but the face is taken.
So she jumps into the air with both feet coming right down on Vernon Covington's ribs and
you hear just crack, crack, crack, crack, crack.
Holy shit.
And he just...
Spatchcock.
Julius Summers.
Finish him.
Finish him.
Finish him.
Finish him.
Finish him.
Finish him.
Finish him.
Finish him.
Finish him.
Finish him.
Finish him.
Finish him.
Julius avoids the cane and kind of like kicks his foot trying to knock it out of his hand,
repositions and then just full force squeeze again.
Oh, give me that.
Give me that strength.
That'll be a three minus one, two.
Oh, wait, I got to do strength check.
Strength check.
Yeah.
45 on a 50.
I succeeded as well, but only with a 10.
Nice.
And you rolled?
I rolled a three minus one.
Plus one, which is two.
He's going to roll a constitution to stay conscious and he fails.
The muffled screams of Vernon Covington, the landlord, begin to slowly fade into the enormous
thighs of Julius Summers.
Do you stay on top of him?
Julius doesn't stop squeezing until he, his eyes are finally adjusting to the dim light
in here and he's going to wait until he sees eyeballs pop out.
Just continuously squeezing.
I can't see his eyes.
His eyes are in your teeth.
And just medically that might not be what happens.
I know, but it's not a, this isn't a medical podcast.
Actually, this is, this is a spinoff of Sawbones.
Uh, yeah, Julius is just going to keep doing it until basically until somebody pulls him
Just continuously squeezing.
Julius stop.
We're out of combat now, right?
Yeah.
Julius, Julius, he's worth more to us dead.
I mean, he's worth moral to the world dead, but to us right now he's worth more alive.
He's our only bargaining chip.
Julius gives like one last little squeeze and then stands up and just spits on his face.
Even the force of your spit hitting the back of his head makes his eyeballs explode.
That's how science works.
He spits on his face that kind of looks like a pug, like, you know, smashed with eyeballs
kind of smashed out.
You know how those ugly little pugs look?
Yeah.
You know, with their eyeballs.
With their eyeballs almost hanging out of their head.
Yeah.
Like that.
So he's cute.
We beat him into adorableness took a lot, took a lot.
And as your eyes adjust to this low lighting down here in the pit, you see that all over
every single wall are the same cryptic designs over and over and over seems to be drawn in
whatever it is that's below you making up the ground here, slathered on these walls.
And I'm going to, I'm going to send it in the group and let you guys describe it that
way.
I don't give anything away.
Okay.
Just send it.
Yeah.
It's it's his dick.
It's just kind of looks like a tongue.
How's my dog?
Yeah.
Uh, five.
Nice stars.
You got to take care of that tongue thing, man.
Okay.
So we've got like a big spiral and in the center of the spiral looks like what is like,
what's the castle thing called a rook from a chest like a rampart.
No, it's like a castle tower, the top of a tower of a castle.
Well, it's, it's like the teen Titans tower, but wearing a crown.
Yeah.
Or maybe you can't see its head and those are its shoulders and it's, it's bar mitzvah
and it's wearing that, that thing, that sash you wear anyway.
That's in the middle.
And then like coming out of the spiral from the middle is a star, a perfectly drawn, like
five point star, like a kid would draw.
And then going, I mean, I drew it, so fuck you.
Moving on the spiral line, the next thing you get is like, like basically a V, but in
the bottom of the V is a diamond or like the, uh, Mason's symbol.
It's a square.
Yeah.
Not like a square shape, like a, a, a, the square tool, I guess I'm looking at it.
Okay.
Yeah.
And then continuing on the spiral is, am I looking at it this way or this way?
It's like a lowercase teen Titans tower upside down.
Then there's like a wall with a gate, maybe some kind of doorway.
There's a line with what looks like a door in it maybe, but I think it's a wall with
a door.
It kind of looks like a field.
Yeah.
Like a, like an archway in a field.
Yeah, that could be, you know, the kid who drew this.
And then basically, uh, an upside down cross.
No, that's the lowercase teen Titans tower.
That's a hammer.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And we'll post this picture on Instagram at pretending pod on Twitter at pretending pod.
Zach, are you okay?
You actually drew this on your walls.
Yeah.
Uh, Thomas isn't making a joke.
The picture that he sent us is him standing next to a white wall that he has drawn this
on.
Yeah.
With my piss and shit and comments.
It is Brown.
A little blood.
It looks like it wouldn't be the whole stew with who took this picture.
Taylor.
No, I took that long arms.
Oh, whoa.
You must have, I'm sorry, but that's a selfie all day long, Betty.
It just looks like his shoulders are both like that shoulder does look like it's going
straight down.
It's, it's all elbow.
And to get enough of you and my forearms, three feet long.
So do we see one of those or a bunch of those?
You see those just all over, like spiral to spiral covering the entirety of the walls
and they all have these little designs drawn slightly differently, but in the exact same
spots over and over and over and over.
I are you okay?
Cause like this is not a compelling symbol.
This is actually what a crazy person would make.
Honestly, thank you so much.
Thank you so much.
That is exactly what I was going for.
Top to bottom nonsense with a very poor overall like sense of composition.
Whew.
I'm sweaty.
I am also very sweaty.
And I am pee.
I am pee.
