What's good, the internet. It is your web-savvy zaddy, Wolf the Dog. Net.
And we're coming at you live from 694.2 PTBP, the only radio station powered by Geocities.
Now, speaking of the World Wide Web and all of the beauty contained within,
this week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Gary in Scarborough, England,
who tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pod,
which is a thing you are also more than welcome to do.
Gary writes,
Howdy, Wolf.
It's your brother and long-time listener from across the pond.
I hope this finds you well and know that you should come here to Scarborough, Wolfie.
That's if you don't mind fighting off mutant-sized seagulls up at the castle
for that extra tasty grease you love oh so much.
I hear it will make you howl so hard you taste colors.
Anyway, I love the podcast that you, Zach, and the boys are providing for us folks.
Keep up the great work and a big shout-out to my girlfriend, Mel, and my buddy, Paul.
Well, hello, Brother Gary. You talkin' about castle slop?
And all I gotta do is beat some seagull ass to get a taste?
Sign me up, Brother Gary.
I hope I'm not being too sea-gullible here by accepting this travel invitation.
If you want to write up something for your Web 2.0 Wolf to Howl,
tag at PretendingPod on Twitter or Instagram,
tag PretendingToBePeople on Facebook,
or write a five-star review and send us that screenshot.
Word of mouth through social media has been instrumental in getting this podcast to where it is today.
And I just want to say, from the bottom of my heart, fuck Mark Zuckerberg.
If you, too, have these feelings, you may find a nice community to join in our Discord or subreddit.
And if you want to give us money so we don't stop making this show,
you can do that on Patreon or our merch shop.
The links are in the show notes.
Now, it's time to catch up, but don't get confused.
Wolf don't work for Can, but it's time for the news.
Last time, we were introduced to Julius Summers,
the fresh-faced, thick-legged field producer who was just hired by his uncle, Typh Rayland,
the executive producer for the City Action News.
Julius picked up the former lead anchor of Can, Cal Colorado,
an elderly statesman of news in the city,
as well as their Hawaiian shirt-rocking cameraman, Beck Wilder.
The three put together a segment about the Godel Company,
top of the agricultural food chain,
buying up all the farmland just outside the city,
taking us now to that story as it unfolds.
It's Alter Girl with My Life is Great and It's All My Fault.
It's All My Fault.
No one knows what it's like
behind these eyes.
Welcome to episode two of Pretending to Be People.
I had the Kelly Clarkson Hazel Eyes song stuck in my head.
Do you remember that Guitar Hero 2 song that was like,
you got radium eyes, never listened to it since.
No, but do you know about the radium girls?
No, what are the radium girls?
I do know about them.
So radium, before people really knew about how dangerous radioactive was,
it was kind of a craze to put radium in shit, including makeup.
At least the radium girls I know of, it was watches.
And they would lick the brushes as they put the dots on.
Yes, and that's why their jaws fell off.
They're all fine though?
Well, they would be dead. This happened.
They would be dead anyway, but they would not be fine.
No matter what, they would not be fine right now.
But they were not fine while they were still alive
because their fucking jaws fell off
because of the radium paint and the watch dials, right?
Yeah, it was probably the noon, three, six, and nine.
But they would dip the brushes in radium
and to get a fine point on the brush.
I don't know about fetishized, but they were looked up upon
because they kind of glowed.
They called the radium girls, they were like angels.
Talk about unachievable beauty standards, you know what I mean?
That radium glow?
Truly, truly unattainable.
I photoshop all my porn to be slightly for life.
I'm sorry, you photoshop your what?
My porn?
Yeah, you photoshop it?
Yeah, to have a radium glow.
So you put in work ahead of time or during?
During.
Oh, okay. Ask the answer.
That's just a filter pass, that's easy.
There's a book called The Radium Girls,
The Dark Story of America's Shining Women.
Is it erotica?
It is for me.
But there was also a movie that I think flopped
but it had an early Joey King in it.
Who?
In 2018.
The guy from Kingaroo Jack, I think.
Kingaroo Jack.
Let's go around and talk about these characters.
I want physical descriptions to remind us of who these people are
and what they wear on a day to day basis
and just like the vibe they give off.
Let's start with Joe.
Beck, he's got a closet full of Hawaiian shirts,
patterned shirts but mostly Hawaiian shirts.
Beck Wilder.
Beck Wilder.
Beck Wilder.
He's a little bit slovenly.
Sometimes buttons are mismatched on his shirts.
He obviously doesn't care a whole lot about his appearance.
He often just throws a baseball cap over his messy hair.
His outward appearance is almost buffoonery.
Oh, you had mentioned his shorts as well.
Oh, yeah.
He's got confident shorts.
He's got the cargoiest of shorts.
Yeah, he's got a craftsman's shorts.
We're talking loops.
We're talking pockets.
So many pockets, dude.
Oh, my God.
He's lost things in there before.
We're talking carabiners with all kinds of weird attachments.
He's thought about going full pants just to have more space for pockets,
but he just loves the breeze on his calves.
He needs to look into those zip-offs.
Oh, he does.
He should have zip-offs.
But he might leave the things in the zip-offed pockets somewhere by accident.
Wow.
That's the thing that Beck would definitely do.
That's forward thinking.
Know yourself, Beck Wilder.
Hey, Slacker, is he canonically kin to Van Wilder?
No.
I hadn't thought about that, but that's good.
That was a sharp no.
A hard no.
A hard no.
Sorry, listeners, because Joe just shut off the National Lampoon's Wilder world.
Write that down for us.
Yeah, no Van Wilder.
Right, but our ride, he does call Van Wilder.
That's what Beck calls it.
That's what he calls his sweet Krieger van that he has.
Beck, who's the person that you interact with most?
Who's the person that you text most, call most, the person you see most?
His mom.
Yeah.
And what's her name?
Boy.
Her name's Boy Wilder?
Yep.
It sure does seem like a thing I should have thought of.
I like Boy Wilder.
Not really.
I think Boy Wilder is your mom's name, man.
Zach just kind of sprung that on you after saying we wouldn't be using bonds, so.
I didn't mean that your characters wouldn't know people.
You said we are loners and don't know us little person.
Yeah, we're weird.
No bonds.
No friends.
No gods.
No family.
No kings.
In our former lives, we were only friends with each other, and so we haven't gotten to
that point yet.
Well, we haven't gotten to us describing our characters, but I do think for Cal, his legitimate
answer is Beck.
Ah, interesting.
Kim.
Kim Wilder is Beck's mom.
Cool.
What was wrong with Boy?
Just a different three-letter name.
Kim Wilder is your mom, and what kind of relationship do you have with Kim?
Pretty iffy.
We're close as far as we probably talk to each other every day, but it's a weird relationship.
He doesn't like his mom a whole lot.
Joe, my God.
Joe, my God.
Joe.
He did not silence his phone.
My phone was not on silent.
That's true.
You're kicked out of the Alamo draft house.
I got the ticket thing.
It's exceedingly decent here.
20 bucks, movie every day.
Oh, no.
That actually, that shit.
It's so sick.
It's a really good deal.
It's a movie pass type deal, and I hope it doesn't mean that Alamo is about to go under
grade.
It is.
The second they weren't making that delicious cold brew anymore, I knew that it was...
Man, their menu is so parsed down now.
Luke can't get his Italian sodas.
I can't get my fucking cream soda.
I will say, dude, past two times I've been, horrible service.
Oh, bummer.
Dude, I literally, I went and saw Top Gun.
It took an hour and a half to get my food.
Oh, shit.
Like almost the end of the night.
Oh, that sucks.
That's awful.
Cold fried cauliflower.
Counterpoint, I had great service the last time I went.
Well, they've added that button, which I feel like now I get immediate service.
Oh, the thing is Luke didn't press the button for an hour and a half.
No, I literally got there early, ordered it, and then...
Oh, you got there too early.
No, I got there, I was probably one of the last people to do that.
Luke, we're pretty sure this is something you did.
We are really trying to turn this around on you, aren't you?
Hey, Luke, I'm sorry that happened to you.
Hey, here's what I'll say.
It was a full, I didn't, I wasn't even that mad because it was a full theater, two servers
for the whole thing.
Oh, yeah, that's hard.
That is hard.
Well, but you're the guy I know who's been there the most, so probably you just suck
at going there.
You're probably just bad at it.
You don't know what you're doing.
I'll have to look up tips and tricks, I guess.
Tips and tricks.
Did you not Google Alamo Drafthouse tips and tricks Reddit before you went?
Usually I do like FAQ or like a walkthrough, so that I don't have to buy the book at Walmart.
Beck Wilder has an iffy relationship with his mother, Kim Wilder.
Let's talk a little bit about Julia Summers.
Wait, real quick.
What does your mom look like?
Oh, yeah.
Hit us with that mom look.
She's a...
Make her hot.
No, she's a...
Make her so hot.
She's a far side woman with the beehive and the cat eye glasses.
And you said you weren't going to make her hot?
I was going to say, I think we convinced him.
Does she have a fat lip?
Fat lip.
Far side.
When's the last time you saw a far side comic?
And, uh, Julia Summers.
Wait, what is the fat lip reference?
So, The Far Side, which is a rap group, hip-hop.
Uh, with a C-Y.
Yeah, The Far Side, F-P-H-A-R-C-Y-D-E.
Not the classic single panel cartoon by Gary Lawson.
Fat lip.
Nice.
Julia Summers.
Julia is walking into the party like his name is...
I don't know that.
Is that a far side reference?
No, it's a fat lip reference.
Some 41.
Plus 44?
No, some 41.
Quick rundown on Julia Summers.
You look at him at a glance.
5'6".
Monochromatic suit.
Depending on the day of the week, tan, black, grey, blue.
Short king.
Short king, big thighs.
How tall is he?
5'6".
Is that short?
Sorry.
That's about how tall I am.
It's a poor one.
No, you're like...
I'm like 5'7", maybe.
Short king.
We need to re-measure you.
I don't think you're that much shorter.
I think you're taller than me too.
Yeah, I think you're taller than that.
Yeah, guys, I'm 6'5".
Go back, if you're new to listening to this, go back on our social media.
Check at PretendingPod on Instagram.
You will see that I tower over these guys.
We post tons of pictures of us just like hanging out and doing our own shit.
A lot of us standing side by side so that you can compare how tall I am to these guys.
Yeah, see if you can figure out which one Luke is based on this conversation.
You should definitely check out our lineup shot if you really want to get some inside
of this.
We have all of our mug shots on there.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Julie Summers, monochromatic suits.
Lives in the suburbs outside of the city with his roommate.
Suburbs.
That's who he spends the most time with.
Oh, sick.
Who's his roommate?
He moved to this house.
He just bought this house, but he needs a roommate to afford it.
And it's a lady that he found on Craigslist.
Cool.
What's her name?
Her name?
He hasn't found it out yet.
Named her yet.
He just moved in.
Oh, or did she introduce herself and you just don't remember?
That is what happened.
Julie Summers, producer.
Not good with names.
Nephew of my uncle.
I'm not great with names either, and I just want to say it's fucked up that names are
the first thing we say instead of the last when we're meeting people.
I always say, I've been Joe Terry.
This has been Joe Terry.
It was a pleasure meeting me.
You've been enjoying the sonic sounds of Joe Terry.
Hey, what's your name?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Let me describe what I look like first.
Getting a little fresh here, huh?
Don't you want to know about my outfits and bonds?
Julia Summers is here because of nepotism.
His uncle, Tife Rayland.
Rayland.
Tife Rayland.
Tife Rayland is your uncle and he is the executive producer of the City Action News.
He is, how would you describe him?
I'd say darn good at his job.
Demanding, but rewarding.
You know, he is also my uncle's.
I don't think I can say anything bad.
Well, he's my whole, he's my whole uncle.
He asked you to do something.
Go to the farm.
And then he also asked you to do one more thing.
I think he said it twice and he said, you definitely need to remember to do this.
I don't think you ever said you definitely need to remember to do this.
Maybe not in those words.
Hold on, Zach.
This is not in my notes, which doesn't mean anything on its own.
But Joe made a face at that.
And it's not in his notes, which means.
Someone's lying.
Someone didn't say what they were supposed to say.
He changed his tone and said, no, I'm real serious this time.
Okay.
You have to make it 90 seconds.
That's really, I grasped onto 90 seconds and then I didn't really do that.
You did.
And but then every interaction you were like, this needs to be 90 seconds instead of just the whole segment.
But that's Luke trying to remember.
Sure.
Go ahead and roll an intelligence check for me there.
Not even Joe remembers.
This is so rude.
Yeah, I don't got it, but.
Here's the deal.
Whatever I rolled, I think.
This is a horror podcast.
Are you scared?
What was I rolling on?
I think you failed.
It's a 98, but you know, just making sure.
Julius doesn't have a 99 intelligence, does he?
No.
All right, Julius, I guess you'll find out in character.
Let's go to Cal, Colorado.
Remind me of what you look like, sir.
Cal, Colorado is in his late fifties, but he's tall and handsome for his age.
Handsome at any age.
That's why he's on TV.
He wears, um, Julius mentioned that a lot of his suits he inherited from his dad and they have nineties cuts.
Cal has the exact same cuts.
Do you guys match?
Wait, how tall are you?
I think he's like 6'3".
Go huge.
He's 6'3".
I'm 6'7".
I am 9 feet tall and 400 pounds.
I lean down to interview you.
My voice shakes the glass when I speak.
All right, so just like a normal height.
Yeah, 6'3", average height.
I'm not as tall, like as short as Luke, but that hurts.
The average height is generally around 6'6".
He was reading that off of his phone for those of you listening at home.
And now he's showing me his phone from too far away to read to fact check.
Average height in the NBA.
Auto-correct, I guess.
Well, I mean, that's an important point.
Cal was great on his college basketball team, but he didn't have the stuff to go pro.
He always thought if he had three extra inches, he might have been able to do that.
But he was pretty happy with his career until now.
Did he go to City State U?
No, actually he went to the Missouri.
He went to the University of Missouri School of Journalism.
Oh, very nice.
I went to that for a year.
Really?
The journalism school?
Hell yeah.
Who is Cal Colorado's closest human contact?
So yeah, currently, as far as like most frequent contact, it's Beck.
Julius just got here, but we've been out on these segments for a few months now, I think.
Cool.
As far as the person he's closest to in life, that's his daughter, Carol Colorado.
Carol Colorado.
We talked about this a little in Session Zero, and it may manifest itself more organically,
but just to throw it out there, I think that we said that you and I get along pretty well.
Like, even though I'm kind of the opposite of everything you are.
So one thing that Cal does not have is any kind of technology skills.
He was a handsome dude on TV all through like the 80s and 90s, and he did not have to learn how to use computers.
So he really appreciates the tech guys who get shit done.
Sure.
Does he consider Beck like a magician?
Well, kind of. He's like, anything you need, I know Beck can do.
He does consider Beck a magician when he's like, hey Beck, can you fix my phone for me?
Fix my phone for me.
You had it locked in portrait mode. Here you go.
There was just a hair on your screen.
Do I have games on this?
What's your relationship like with your daughter?
It's strained, and we'll leave it at that.
Okay. Does she live in the city?
No. She lives in a city, but she lives many states away.
In a city?
Yeah.
You live in the city.
The city.
Yeah, we live in the city.
Beck lives with his mom, and he's going to hear it that he didn't say bye to her when he left this morning.
Awesome.
Does he hang dong around his mom?
Oh, yeah. Did we get a reading on Beck's dong?
Oh, it was hanging out of his pants.
Spilling. I think this is spilling.
We're tighty-whities.
You're an excellent interviewer.
Kravitsian.
Thank you.
How was Julius's dong? We said that was average, right?
No, you couldn't-
Not visible from behind.
Correct.
Oh, right.
No thigh gap.
But only because he has those crazy thighs.
Right. So, TBD.
Wait. Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
To be dick-sized.
With a hyphen.
Cal, Colorado has a huge hog.
I'm cutting all this.
Okay, then my penis is so small.
Beck doesn't have one.
That's fine.
His mom said, either put some pants on or-
I'm taking it off.
Get that thing off of it.
Well, Cal, Colorado has a huge hog.
And he wears out-of-date suits.
Zach, once we left off, we had just finished wrapping up at the farm,
and it sounded like we had what we needed.
Yeah, it sounds like it was time to turn our segment into the studio.
I think it's time to turn the segment into the studio.
It's time to turn the segment into the studio.
It's time to turn the segment into the studio.
You guys are-
It's time to turn the segment into the studio?
In character, please.
It's time to turn the segment into the studio.
Mine wasn't in character. I didn't-
Okay, one more again. In character. Joe?
It's time to turn the segment into the studio.
It's time to turn the segment into the studio.
It's time to turn the segment into the studio.
And with that, you guys pull up to City Action News.
What's a building look like?
What's a building look like?
Cool.
It's like marble and glass.
Ooh, very cool.
Marble columns, glass walls.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Marble countertops.
Literally marble and glass.
Marble floors.
Ooh.
We are hemorrhaging money.
We spent way too much money on this building.
And kind of as a tongue-in-cheek thing,
the walkway to the door is kind of like a winding thing with marbles in it.
We are currently jackhammering that out
because we've already had so many slip and falls and threats of library.
Well, they're not loose marbles.
I know, but marbles sticking out.
They're shiny.
They're round, smooth.
Yeah.
Humps.
You can slip on shiny things.
You can slip on anything.
Yeah, but especially shiny things.
Julius shakes his head and reminisces about his time.
How good it looked for him.
His time as a young boy trying to pick the marbles out of the walkway.
As one pops loose, it hits your feet as you guys are entering into the station.
Pick it up.
A sentimental tear starts to well up in his eye,
and he picks it up, and he puts it in the little pocket in his pants.
You know the little pocket?
Yo, I'm aware of the little pocket.
He flicks a marble in somebody's eye in like 40 episodes.
Sentimentally.
In parentheses.
All right, cool.
Let's dive on into...
Dive on in.
That's not a dive.
Luke, you're the producer.
You're in charge here.
You know that this segment needs to go into the editing bay,
and the executive producer, your uncle, Tyfe,
is likely in his office where he normally is,
and you would imagine that the standard CAN news crew,
which is the anchor weather person and sports segment host.
The SSH.
They're likely on set rehearsing for the show's evening news.
Hey Peck, do you have the tape?
I mean, it's not tape these days, old man, but yeah.
I got the footage.
You knew what I meant.
How old are you guys? Sorry.
I'm 29.
I was mid-30s.
Awesome.
It's not tape, boomer.
Julius says, you know what I meant,
but Julius totally was thinking of like a VHS tape.
Let's go to the bay.
Yeah, I'll get it loaded up.
And then I don't move, and I'm kind of waiting for him to like
hopefully go to where the bay is because I don't know where it is.
Beck's heading there, and this is almost a pseudo office of his.
Yeah.
He's here a lot.
Absolutely.
And yeah, you pop in, and the editor is hard at work,
pouring over multiple monitors, computer in front of her,
and she's just like overwhelmed completely with stuff,
and she's like, hey, you got the farmer segment coming in?
What's her name?
You're going to want to see this.
Her name is...
Vivica.
Her name?
Oh, her name?
Her name?
Oh, you're asking me?
Her name?
An NPC.
Vivica Johnston, obviously.
There you go.
Vivica.
Hey, Viv, got that footage for you.
Oh, thank you, thank you.
Oh, my goodness.
Okay, let's get going, let's get going.
Okay, what do we got?
Do we need to cut a bunch, or is it mostly good to go?
Beck, at this point, this is something that you probably,
you guys have seen, the audience hasn't seen,
that he kind of almost flips a switch at this point
and is almost robotic and able to relay to her
at three minutes and 33 seconds.
We've got a footage of the corn at four minutes and 56 seconds
is when the interview starts.
It ends at 593.
He's just running down a list from memory
of what he shot in a time stamp.
Here's where the star wipe should go.
Julius, don't forget the crabs.
Oh, and the crabs.
Wait, Julius?
Julius says is what I meant.
Nailed that.
Absolutely nailed it.
Like a man slipping on a floor covered in marbles.
And then landing perfectly on his feet.
Julius' mind is mostly in his pocket and in that walkway.
Oh, wow.
I mean, yeah, dude, you're probably deep in some nostalgia here.
It's weird.
I know that feeling.
The smell.
The marble floors of your youth.
Ooh.
Smell that marble.
Ooh, that smell.
Very cool.
Vivica gets going and is just at the exact pace of your notes.
It's cracking the fuck out of this edit.
She is on like seven monitors at the same time.
We do the thing from NCIS where we're both typing on the same keyboard.
Yes.
Dude, we've got some really talented professionals here at Cannes.
Oh, absolutely.
Cannes is city action news.
Julius is admiring in the very center of this room
the see-through dry erase board
that you can totally get right on both sides of.
Oh, my God.
Nice.
Traffic, sports, weather, news.
Cannes, Cannes.
And then you see in the lineup is the farmer segment
is lined up in that three-quarter slot.
It's not right at the top, but it's safely nuzzled in.
There are a couple commercial breaks from the beginning
like stay tuned for the farm thing.
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
Coming up, a look at the Godel farm acquisition program.
She turns back to you and she says,
okay, do we want to keep any of this passion and bleep it
or are we just cutting all that?
We're going to keep and bleep
and put obviously explicit warning before we air the segment.
Oh, that's good.
And she pulls up this like dong dong music
that's like really intense with this.
There's some image that's like blurred in the background that looks tense,
some sort of discordant scene happening behind words
that ominously say viewer discretion is advised.
Hey, make sure on the promos we need to have the crab man.
For real? Like really?
If you were watching the news and you saw a crab man,
aren't you going to stay tuned until you see what the crab man is?
Wow.
I guess that's why they hired you as the producer,
she says, is she's just like click clacking away.
I got some good footage of him at 1205.
Fucking rad.
We just put this thing together and then we are ready to go.
When you show the end result to Cal Colorado,
you call him into the room to be like, hey, we've got the 90 seconds up.
Can I make one thing?
I do want Julius to ensure that there is at least one good clip of Cal in this segment.
Cal.
Yeah, Cal comes in and he watches the segment
and he sees that shot that didn't really have to be there.
He's kind of quiet and he's just like, good work, good work, team.
I'm sorry, I need to use the restroom.
And he kind of runs out crying.
And if you look out the door, you see the rest of the news team,
the anchor and the sports person and the weather person,
all kind of laughing in a huddle.
Oh, no, man.
Julius sees all of that happen and looks over at Beck,
90% angry and 10% a little just sad.
Beck did the last segment producer typically cut out all of Cal's screen time.
Yeah, unfortunately.
Oof.
And it sucks because he's good at what he does.
Vivica is like, wow, I think you're building a strong team.
She says to the producer and holds out her hand.
She says, Vivica Johnston.
Julius shakes her hand and says, I don't plan on being sick much,
but if I'm not here, there's always a shot at Cal.
Good to know.
Thank you.
I think Beck swells with a little bit of pride to hear that.
He's happy to hear that.
And then Julius says, where's my uncle?
Isn't it nap time?
You see a PA who's like running around like a...
A chicken with its head cut off?
Man, I really didn't want to say that, huh?
Trigger warning if you're a chicken.
Trigger warning animal cruelty.
Sorry, running around like a person with their head cut off.
That's right.
There's a young man with his head cut off running around outside,
screaming, wait, how?
Out of the hole above his shoulders?
That is legitimately terrifying.
This is where the horror starts.
Such a good horror podcast.
Oops, not yet.
The blood is squirting out of his jugular and reaching the top of the building.
Beck wants to investigate the headless man?
I would too.
He can't because there's a segment producer yelling at that headless man for getting blood.
Jeremy, the window cleaners just came.
You're running around like a chicken with your head cut off.
Jeremy pops in and he's like,
Hey guys, I'm just trying to find Cal.
Type what's Cal.
And you guys too, if you want to go on up there.
He's in the restroom, dude. We'll get him there though.
Okay, yeah, he's really weighing on you guys.
So if you want to get up there fast, do you guys need anything?
Coffee's busted.
Julius is going to test this out.
Oat milk latte?
Oat milk latte?
Yeah, there's a place about four blocks down.
Sure.
Iced hot.
Okay, iced hot.
Iced hot.
Gross.
Beck wants two energy drinks, but we're going to wait until we get sponsored by one before I name one.
That's smart.
But it's two of the same energy drink.
I think we can comfortably punch in Monster now.
Man, I love energy drink.
Truly, I pop one open in the morning, bam, I'm ready to go.
Well, my favorite thing is how good and healthy for you energy drink is.
Right, the ingredients list, have you looked at it?
That's just my opinion, that claim has not been approved by the FDA.
You're a doctor.
Oh, no, I was lying to you, Zach.
Oh.
Wait.
So, yeah, listeners, Zach, Joe, Luke, I lied about my credentials to get on this podcast.
I am not a doctor.
So when you said your name is Dr. Cox and that you were a urologist, and I did, and you, that was a lie?
Yeah, wasn't it weird that I made you examine my penis?
You're a great teacher.
All right.
Where are those rails?
Let's find them.
Yeah, they're right in front of you.
I know, let's get back to them.
No, no, no, I love like walking alongside them.
It's an enjoyable.
Fair enough, let's walk alongside them.
Stand by me-ing.
I do want to see a dead body.
Well, let's get to it.
Zach's like, I've got a really spooky segment for you guys.
The bathroom is on the way to Ty's office, so Beck just kind of taps on the door.
Hey, Cal, we're being called to the big man's office.
Oh, okay, well, just give me a minute.
I got some coffee on my tie.
If you need a tissue to get the coffee out, I mean, uh, I got one.
A hand just pops out from like the door.
He does, in one of his cargo shorts, have a little travel thing of tissues.
You just hear...
as he blows his nose.
All right, see you in there, man.
Well, there's like a deep, deep sigh as he collects himself,
and then a smiling, beautiful Cal Colorado pops out,
and you might notice his eyes are a little red, but probably not.
Probably not. It looks like maybe he applied some makeup in there.
Cal, uh, heavy lunch?
Are you calling me fat?
He runs back into the bathroom.
Julius thinks, I just didn't want to call him a crybaby.
You gotta learn how to deal with the talent, man.
Julius is looking at Beck like, I mean, what do we do?
Beck is kind of giving you an open arm shrug.
He's a complicated guy. Sometimes you just gotta give him some space.
He, like, elbows Beck.
He's just, you know, so talented.
I don't know why he's, he's, uh, just, he's gotta pee so much, apparently.
And then I look at Beck, like, shaking my head, like, was that good?
Yeah, Cal hears all that and, like, flushes the toilet,
but then immediately comes out.
As soon as you pop out, Vivica Johnston, the editor,
pops her head out of the bay and looks out to you and says, Cal!
She points at Julius.
You got a really good one. He's not a Marvin, alright?
Cal's head is clearly elsewhere, but he, he kind of blinks and collects himself
and looks over at her and, like, gives her a thumbs up and, and pats Julius on the back.
Julius really appreciates that, because he's grown up knowing who Marvin is,
and he knows that as his last act, he had the marbles torn up from the walkway.
Marvin is the only person, Marvin slipped.
Yeah, he's the only person that had managed to slip on the marbles.
After, after, like, 15 years at the station, he slips on his last day.
Everybody thought it was pretty suspicious.
But Marvin is suing the studio and the network because of those fucking marbles.
Holy shit.
Hearing that I'm not like him is awesome, but Julius already knew it.
Before you can even, like, look back, Vivica is, uh, very much headphones on, back to click clacking.
Vivica is a professional.
Julius didn't know where the editing bay was, but he definitely knows where his uncle's office is,
because he's been gone there for a long time.
Awesome. Well, but also the fun thing is that now he does know.
That's true. He's learning.
He learned today.
On the job training.
So as you guys are making your way up there, uh, you do pass.
You're making our way up there.
Walking past.
Walking past the anchor weather person in the sports guy.
This is my uncle.
We're gonna talk to him.
Alright, and they're, uh, they're chilling at Crafty.
They're, uh, they're hanging out and just shooting the shit over some bagels.
At Crafty?
At the Craft Service.
Craft Services, bruh.
Yeah, I knew what he meant.
It's locks, but it's not smoked.
We're hanging out at K-Town.
Craft Services is provided by Craft.
It's sponsored by Craft.
There's a vat of macaroni and cheese.
Little smokies wrapped in singles.
Little smokies and mac and cheese.
There's one of those big wooden planks, like you would put a really nice charcuterie board on,
but it's just got a shitload of Craft singles on it.
Listen, I don't know what you guys have, you know, have planned for my next birthday.
Do you want to go to the Springfield Underground to look at the cheese?
And eat a charcuterie board of Craft?
Yes, I do.
As you, uh, are gonna pass them, they, uh, are kind of snickering and whispering.
You hear Isabella Kaya, who's the head anchor now at Cannes, who took over for Cal Colorado, and she...
We were co-anchors for...
Oh!
Two and a half years.
Nice.
I mean, bummer, but nice.
And now there's not another co-anchor.
She is just the lead.
Nope, she has got it.
And...
Fool!
Yeah.
She really reminded Cal of his daughter, Carol.
He thought he had taken her under his wing and really, like, mentored this person.
Yeah.
And it wasn't her decision to swap out the anchor spots, but Cal lost a lot.
On her first day as a solo anchor, she said, well, now over to me.
And then did the next story.
And as you guys are walking up the stairs on the way to Taif Raylan's office, she calls up after you.
Oh, Cal!
I heard you did a wonderful job on your farmer segment.
Well, not only did I do a wonderful job, but my team here did a wonderful job.
As you look at your team, you're kind of, like, beaming with pride.
As you look back, her back is turned, and she is talking with the others.
It doesn't really go with his methods or preferences, but the viewer discretion, like, stab, then...
Julius.
Julius added.
He's pretty confident that she's going to open her soda when she sees that.
Oh, she's going to open her soda, all right.
Can you cut that into something?
Should I say it all again?
He may not like the sensationalism, but he knows that Julius' crab people stab and content warning is definitely going to, like, get some eyes.
Classic crab stab.
He just says, yeah, you have a good one too, Isabella.
When Beck sees that her back is already turned, he's flipping her off.
But you made sure to wait until she was all the way turned around.
Cal is like, Beck.
Sorry, man.
But fuck her, dude.
Cal is like, I may have to go to HR after my meeting with Typh.
I think he said he wanted to butt fuck her.
That is not appropriate.
Jesus fucking Christ.
You guys head up the stairs to Typh Raylan's office.
It is double-doored and Typh's door is closed.
You knock on the thick oak doors that have glass on both sides of them so you can actually see, like, fully into his office.
But these huge wooden doors are installed so that you understand what kind of office you're about to walk into.
What was that knock?
And is that the secret family knock?
Oh, is that the Raylan knock?
Will you cut this out later and send it to me so that I can say yes and know what it is?
What is it?
Hold on.
What's happening?
That's it, yeah.
Is it State Farm?
Not quite that.
Anyway.
Yeah, it's exactly that.
You can switch it up to, we are farmers.
Oh, that's what we're thinking of.
State Farm.
We are State Farm. Liberty, Liberty, Liberty.
Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.
Affleck.
Dude, Affleck doesn't cob knock.
You just start pounding on his door and screaming, insurance, insurance.
He knows the knock.
It was all of that.
It was all of that.
Oh, no.
You heard from the other side of the door him singing along.
Holy shit.
And once you heard Affleck, you hear him go, Affleck.
You may enter.
As soon as I hear him kind of respond from inside, first thing, hey, uncle, from now on, how about you'll just know it's me?
What do you mean?
Like, just maybe one of like, and then it's me?
Oh, come on.
You don't do the whole knock.
You're not a real Rayland.
That's what we say, right?
And you want to be a real Rayland and he's literally putting his fingers in your gut and like poking you.
Mr. Rayland, could I just say that your nephew here has just performed.
Yeah, come on, come on.
Sit down, sit down.
Hey, come on.
I'm so glad that you're here, Cal.
Yeah, come on.
Sit down.
Thank you.
You were saying?
I was saying that your nephew has performed admirably on his first assignment and that,
you know, honestly, the whole office is talking about this.
Since you can see us through the glass, do we need these crazy knocks?
He thinks about it.
He's beaming with pride while he's staring at Julius and he's like, do we need the crazy knocks?
I don't know.
Do I need to give my little nephew a hug?
Yes, I do.
Come here, baby.
Happily, Julius.
You did a good job.
He goes from very sad thinking about the last name situation and then gives his uncle a big ol' hug.
Wait, it's the last name situation that you don't have the same last name?
Summers.
That is correct.
Julius Summers.
I mean, you're a nephew.
Couldn't you just be his sister's son?
I am his sister's son.
Whoa.
Mystery solved.
You already used luck, so that should get a point back.
You nailed it.
Yeah, I'm sorry, but did I not just deduce the fuck out of that?
He just deduced the fuck out of that.
He forgot Luke's character's last name.
Oh, you must be his sister's son.
Yeah, it's not weird that I have a different last name.
It's just the fact that I do have a different last name.
He lifts Julius off the ground and he's like, I'm so proud of you.
On your second day, you're getting big ups from the great cow Colorado.
He gives you knocks, Beck.
Beck is kind of getting stoked just off of his stokedness.
Yeah.
He enthusiastically knuckles back.
Now, I got something, ooh, I got something weird.
I got something weird, okay?
It's not normal, yeah, it's not normal, okay, but it's for Cal.
Hmm, how do I say this?
A woman called in, yeah, and she said that she's got a hot heater of a story.
Yeah, all right, okay?
But she won't talk to anyone, no one, except Cal Colorado.
So we got to send you out.
And she said it's urgent, so we have to go right now.
Before the broadcast even starts, yeah?
Typh, I know it's been a while since I've been in the anchor chair,
but typically, these are just women looking to sexually harass me.
Hmm, so I'm sorry to hear that, but in this situation,
she really seems like she's got something.
She said she had a hot story just for Cal.
Okay, what she said was that she can't call the cops,
and that if we can get in there and get the story first, you see,
then maybe we can run it before anybody else.
What do you guys think about this?
We go, if the story's true, we get good content.
If it's false, we spin it into exposing the perverts of the city.
Ooh, my man's got a mind on him, yeah, my man's got a good brain.
I mean, we'd be kind of like using Cal as bait in that case,
but it sounds like a story to me.
I've never seen such good-looking bait in my life, look at him!
Oh, he's perfect, yeah?
If you didn't have those beautiful blue eyes, I wouldn't even suggest it.
And I look at Bag like, is it working, is it working?
Turn the thing down, put it in reverse.
Gentlemen, this is not journalism.
It's almost something more than that.
I got chills, I got chills, I got spinglies in the back of my tingle.
Cal got chills too, but in a bad way.
Oh, come on, let's go. Let's go, Cal, what do you want?
What do you want? What can I do for you?
He's looking confused at Julius and he's like,
what more is there than journalism?
It's the human condition.
Yeah, you can get a story out of anything if you're smart enough like my man here.
Is the story true?
There's only one way to find out.
And if it's not, like Julius said, that's the story.
You know, what this makes me think of is you see these and he gestures to his thighs.
Sometimes I squeeze watermelons and I squeeze them so hard
that the juice comes out of every part of that watermelon down to the last drop.
And what we need to do is be my thighs and squeeze a story out of this phone call.
I feel like the risk-reward here is pretty high.
If she does have something juicy, we need a good story.
So either she has something juicy or I'm the something juicy.
It sounded like she was in a real situation, okay?
Ty, if you told me when I switched from news desk to field reporter
that if I did things well, points would be earned.
Yeah.
Points that would maybe get me back to my desk.
Yeah, 100. This is a lot of points.
If you hold up your end of the bargain, I will do this thing for you.
He reaches out his hand.
Is he going for a fist bump or a handshake?
Oh, it's definitely a fist bump.
Cal reaches out for a handshake and then awkwardly goes for a fist bump.
As he awkwardly goes for a handshake on your fist.
And no hands are shook and no deal is actually made.
He grabs your fist and is like, yeah, now we're talking.
Okay, boys.
Bec grabs both their hands.
Get your hand in here, Julius.
Get your hand in here.
He's like texting with one hand and touching the hand.
Can, can, can, can, can, can, can, can, can, can, can, can, can, can, can, can.
Whoa.
Becca's jumping up and down.
Yeah, do you feel it?
Okay, let's go.
And he slams a piece of paper down on the desk which has an address on it.
Cal salutes you and says, can, can.
Skrrr.
We see the can van slide out of its parking spot in the can parking lot.
And you see we have all ran to the can van.
The, the can van peels out of the parking lot with no one in it.
As you guys chase after it.
What?
Uh, I, okay, now we've got a mystery for season two.
Yeah.
Can I ask, uh, in character, does Cal know why he was demoted to field anchor?
Yes.
Okay.
And then out of character, do you have something already?
Yes.
Cool.
And how long has it been since that?
Six months.
I didn't mean to derail us.
You were on a mission there getting us to an end place.
You're so good at that Joe.
I just was curious.
You're the one, you're always the one doing it.
It's not, it's not me or Luke.
It's you.
It's you.
It's you.
I want to have a baby with you.
I want to have a baby with you.
I want to get pregnant.
I want to get pregnant with you.
Jesus Christ.
Oh man.
All right.
Call him.
What were we talking about?
That's all it was.
Cause I wondered if there was a chance that Cal didn't even know, but he's been told that
he's done now on a good point system to get back.
I didn't know if that was something that you didn't know what you were trying to redeem
yourself for yet or not.
No, he knows what he's redeeming himself for.
I think the point system is probably pretty amorphous and fluid.
Sure.
Um, and is just a scam.
Oh, you're maybe not real.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Like would he take this unscrupulous job to get back to his dream job?
Yeah.
He's never seen any part of working at can as unscrupulous and he's not, maybe it's just
been so long since he's been in the field, but he didn't even realize how like down and
dirty, maybe typhon is his field boys were getting.
Oh yeah.
Then pulls out onto one of the perfectly gridlocked, perfectly perpendicular roads of the city.
And immediately you're stuck in traffic.
You get a text from typh.
It just says, I ain't seen no tick tock yet.
Oh fuck.
That's what it was.
That is wow.
Like, God damn it.
You totally did say that.
You said that?
Cal hasn't read that text yet, but Thomas's heart just sank.
Really good timing to bring it up.
How do you break it to Cal who is clearly playing candy crush on his phone and hasn't
seen the text?
Well, since we're stuck here in traffic, uh, we might as well do some man on the street.
Sorry that you were going to say tick tock for tick tock.
Do you hand your phone to Beck?
Yes.
It's already logged in.
I'm logged into the can talk.
I'm talking to Cal.
This, this thing that they've been trying out here, it's like to get younger viewers
engaged more or something.
Like I'm not big on it myself, but I understand it.
Have you ever like, um, popped and locked?
I'm sorry.
Are you asking me if I've committed a robbery?
No.
Um, and he turns to Julius, if he like patted his head and rubbed his belly, is that like
a challenge?
You know?
I love everything we've done so far.
This is not like any role playing we've ever done before.
I think it's good.
Um, yeah.
I like it.
Me too.
You guys are like supporting each other and shit.
It's wild.
The hardest part of waking up is deciding what to wear.
But today I woke up missing me and it's been downhill from there.
One, two, three, four!
Why don't you tell me what you think of me?
Cause I don't really think of you.
I don't recognize myself.
What you did was a stinky thing to do.
No cure for being freaking stupid.
So take it or leave it.
Cause it's not getting any better, better, better, better, better, better, better, better!
This is my coming of age.
This train don't have no brakes.
That's too bad.
That's my least favorite time.
Have a happy birthday old friend.
I hope this isn't the end but if it is, it'll be alright.
Cause my life is great and it's all my fault.
Cause my life is great and it's all my fault.
I don't need you to apologize.
I just need you to fix it.
I'm sick of waiting on someone to wait on me.
Cause last time I missed it.
If you tell me to get over it.
It's not your business.
I'll skip away into the sunset and whistle to the tune of it.
This is my coming of age.
This train don't have no brakes.
Have a happy birthday old friend.
I hope this isn't the end.
It'll finally be alright.
Cause my life is great and it's all my fault.
Cause my life is great and it's all my fault.
Cause my life is great and it's all my fault.
Today I woke up missing me.
I forgot her yesterday.
Where I left my made up enemies and this song was not a thing.
And the truth is this is 100% real.
Cause my life is wonderful and I blame it on me.
