Hey, hey, hey, baby, baby.
It's your surrogate uncle bringing all the funk.
It's your big bad dad that is always so rad.
Your mother that loves to smother.
Your aunt that likes to use weird font.
I'm all that and more, never an eyesore.
It is I, Wolf the dog, and I am breaking through
all that mental fog to do what you ask.
To broadcast live from 694.2 PTBP,
my various family members and or babies.
Now, speaking of family,
we got a letter from someone very dear to us.
This edition of Howlin' with Wolf is from Taylor B,
who tagged that pretending pod over there on Twitter.
They write, howdy wolf, the dog, not wolf's dog, wolf.
Just wanted to drop a line and let you know
I've been greatly enjoying the radio show
you host every hour on the hour.
Been listening to it nonstop
since I discovered it several days ago.
Or was it weeks ago?
I don't know anymore.
I haven't turned the channel on my old radio
since I fixed it to 694.2 PTBP,
the only radio station my old box
even picks up anymore, I think.
Anyway, I wanted to just send you a friendly reminder
that Mark Zuckerberg is absolutely the worst.
However, I also wanted to remind you
he and his robot cronies are in charge of Instagram
as well as Facebook.
I mean, face foot.
I mean, ah, nevermind.
When you trust social media,
you're allowing your identity and your time
and your attention to be sold to the lowest bidder.
That's why I use my Twitter to pimp out cool shit
like pretending to be people.
You continue to haunt my dreams, wolfy boy.
Keep it up.
You only listen every hour on the hour?
What about between the hours?
What about the infinite space between all of time?
The only social media wolf likes
was Craigslist Miss Connections.
Lot of folks think they see me skulking around
in the dead of night rummaging through a dumpster of three.
Lot of folks might be right.
Remember, if you wanna write up something for your wolf
to have, tag us on the internet.
Fuck every billionaire.
Or write up a five-star review on Apple Podcasts.
All the links are in the show notes, my babies.
This here is part two of Scott Dorward's wretched
call a Cthulhu scenario bleak prospect,
run by another than the published author himself,
Scott Dorward.
Don't step back because we're pushing forward.
Clench your rucksack,
because we're all cornered by Grady Philip drug
with real life.
Life, surreal, in retrospect a dream.
Easy times, feel less than serene.
In the moment it's hard to count your blessings.
So we long for days gone past us.
Grief and strife,
but even that's real life.
Life.
Zach, will you make your bald head look like a cat again?
That's awesome.
It makes me think I'm like a Star Trek.
I'm a Star Trek.
So, I mean, okay, so something that, you know,
when you see like bald cats that have those big folds,
something I did not realize is that cats that have
darker stripes on their heads, which is a lot of cats,
they just follow the pass of that fold.
Oh, wow.
So all cats look fucking weird underneath their hair.
Oh, oh God.
Okay, well, I've got a tabby
and I'll never look at her the same way again now.
I know, I know.
Those are those weird like bald cat folds.
Oh, dear.
Dr. Coombs was feeling pretty good.
Yes, so yeah, what actually happens with Dr. Coombs
is mechanically you gain seven points of pow
and six points of luck.
God's number and the devil's number back to back.
All I'm hearing is that I need to spend some luck
before I step on one of these things.
But yes, you are at the same time very aware
that this thing is moving around inside your foot.
You can't really feel it, but at the same time,
you can, you know, you just know it's there.
Do I maintain a sense of fear from it?
Or does-
Well, it's up to you.
Is that okay with me?
When obviously you have a parasite
that has borrowed its way into your flesh.
So, I mean, that may not make you especially happy,
but on the flip side, you're feeling good.
You are a doctor,
so you might get to be more weary of it than most.
Yeah, if you don't want us to kill you
in the next 10 minutes of gameplay.
Doctor, where'd it go?
Guys, it's in, I think it's in my foot.
I can feel it.
I can feel it moving around in there.
It's a-
Jesus, Mary and Joseph.
It's not the worst thing though.
What?
What's fucking worse?
It doesn't feel bad.
It doesn't feel bad.
It doesn't-
You are glowing, you're glowing.
You're positively fucking radiant.
Coombes kind of like straightens his back
higher than it's been in a long time.
Maybe like Crix's neck.
It's a-
It doesn't-
More confident.
It feels good.
It feels good.
It feels good.
You look good.
Doc, I'm just gonna say it, you're sexy.
We've all been thinking it.
Yeah, he kind of jogs in place a little.
Yeah, this is better than I felt in years.
This is, but I gotta get it out right though.
That I got, I mean, it's a parasite, right?
It's like-
Yes, yeah.
Put your foot up on the table, we're gonna chop it off.
We're gonna chop up your foot for sure.
Oh, hold on.
Let me see if I can wriggle around in there,
like that thing could.
Maybe it's still just flesh mush.
I mean, but I, yeah.
I grab the doctor's foot
and see if I can stick my fingers inside.
You certainly can.
Yeah, once you find the right spot in there,
your fingers just sink into the warm,
soft embrace of his flesh.
Oh, oh no.
Oh, oh, doc, doc, yeah.
I'm in your foot now.
My fingers are in your foot.
Frederick Mellon I is jealous.
Does that cause me pain or is it just a thing?
It's just a thing, you barely feel it.
On the other hand, I think Thomas Dolan
needs to make a sand roll
because your finger is now deep within his foot.
That's a 15, he's fine with it.
It's just one of those things,
you know, life's been pretty kooky the last few years.
Why would I let this, you know,
of all things get me down?
So Freddie, pass me those tongs.
Yeah, you go.
All right, doc,
I'm gonna try to fish this thing out of you, all right?
Yeah, if you can't, that's okay.
If you can't find it, that's fine too.
All right, yeah.
So if I keep, like,
does my hand just keep slipping up in there
without resistance, like?
Yeah.
What is the physical limitation of what I can get in there?
Sooner or later, I'm,
yeah, sooner or later you hit the barrier
of the edge of his foot
and your finger doesn't come out the other side.
So, you know, you get most of your finger into his foot.
Do I feel the little, do I feel the thing in there?
You absolutely do.
And it is quite spiky and there's a sharp moment of pain
as you can feel his little teeth biting into your flesh.
Freddie, there's no time for the tongs
and I'm gonna gingerly holding onto, like, two spikes,
just try to whip it out.
Okay.
Well, it's even easier than that
because its teeth have sunk into you.
So as you pull your finger out,
it's just there clasped onto the edge
of your finger, wriggling.
Freddie, fucking step on it.
I don't care if you crush my finger,
you step on this motherfucker.
No, it went through his foot last time.
That's what we tried.
It's the same thing.
Right, okay.
We need another plan.
Frederick.
I didn't wanna do this.
And he just cocks the shotgun.
Hold on, hold on.
Who's got a lighter?
That's smarter.
I smoke, I've got a lighter.
Okay, yeah, you've got a Zippo lighter
with a little bit of fuel in it.
I flick it into the thing
and I put the flame to the bottom of it
and I see what happens.
Okay, yeah, I mean, it starts catching fire
and almost immediately drops off onto the ground,
screaming in pain.
There's a kind of purplish ooze coming out of it
as it's writhing on the ground in agony.
I'm gonna bring the lighter to the ground
and try to torch the rest of the thing,
keep the flame to it and try to dispose of it.
Doctor, do you have anything flammable
you could dump on to make the flame bigger
but not too big to burn down your shack here?
Bit of rubbing alcohol.
I don't, yeah, I don't think I wanna start a fire.
Maybe we just keep doing the Zippo for a minute
and see if we can.
No, let's make it bigger.
No, let's get it really, really burning in here.
No, it looks like it's working.
It looks like the creature's dying.
Sorry, I can't see, my glasses are broken.
Maybe it was made by Bic,
but it does not like the Zippo, the Zippo interaction, so.
Yeah, and certainly after a few seconds
or 30 seconds or whatever of burning this thing,
it is very much dead.
What does my finger look like where it bit me?
Like it's had a small chunk of flesh bitten out of it.
But no spreading necrosis or?
Just blood and pain.
Ghostly voice emanating from it.
Okay.
Blood and pain, blood and pain.
I think it's gonna be all right.
So fire helps, fire helps against these things.
So we get some oily rags
and throw them on these fucking eggs
before they hatch into critters
that can pass through the walls of off-feet and mason jaws.
Yeah, well, I guess we're gonna have to do something.
We can't leave these here if they hatch.
Like you said, they'd run amok in this place.
Doc, I got a feeling there might be a few more people
in this camp with these eggs in them you could study.
So why don't we just burn these ones we got right now?
Yeah, I think that's what we gotta do.
I can't take the risk of this getting out of here.
Yeah, I mean, it's fairly simple.
You can just put a bit of surgical spirit in there
and light that and destroy the eggs
and the one that's hatched really easily.
Perfect, that's what we'll do.
Then you dispose of your specimens quickly,
simply, and without catastrophe.
Scott, you just saw us do the only smart thing
we've ever done in our entire role-playing careers.
I just kept my mouth shut the whole time.
I was like, just don't say anything and they'll fix it.
It'll be okay.
So, now what?
We gotta keep our eye on the prize at this point.
We gotta get Billy and Esther back.
I think we should head over to Hiram's old place.
So, Grillies or Greenleys?
Greenleys.
Greenleys, let's set out boys.
So, do you think they've been taking us
and putting the eggs inside of us
and then they hatch and then they go into other people
and that's how it's spreading?
You said something about a sacrifice earlier,
but I was thinking that maybe they just take us
to put the eggs inside of us.
Did Nancy, Nancy said something about them.
Did she say taken, they were taken people?
Did she say that?
No, she just said something about a puppet singing.
Before that though, she talked about people without faces.
Oh, that's right.
Maybe they were in masks
that don't have any designs on them.
Why don't we just worry about one spooky thing at a time?
But what if the spooky things are connected?
How likely is it that the spooky things are?
Park the car and have a job.
I'm sure they are.
I'm sure they are connected,
but let's just, you know, let's go to Greenleys.
We'll find out, we'll see what's going on.
You're operating under the assumption though
that maybe there's more of these things there.
Is that what you're saying, Frederick?
Should we take something?
Oh yeah, I think they're growing them.
I think they're breeding them.
Should we take something fiery with us?
Something we can use if we run into them?
Well, definitely, yeah.
I mean, we should, what do we got?
What do we got?
Probably we don't have access to a flamethrower.
I don't know if that's been invented yet.
In the medical shack, I mean,
you do have a little bit of surgical spirits
that you use for disinfecting wounds.
I'm not a whole hell of a lot, but you got some.
And you've also got maybe a pint of paraffin left
that you use for the heater.
I'm gonna create little perfect,
little pocketable vials of flammable.
So mixing maybe the spirits and the paraffin if need be
and create like a little line of them
that I can hand out to the guys.
And then if we have lighters, each of us
or something like that, it's just, these are just like-
I pop one right behind my mouth
assuming it's a cyanide capsule.
I'm picturing them as like just little to-go fuel canisters.
Yeah.
Like you can pour them on something if you need to
to light it, but I don't think,
they're not like mini Molotovs, but like-
Glass vials of combustible.
Whatever.
Yep, okay.
It's definitely, it's awkward in his mouth.
But surprisingly tasty.
Dolan, drop it, drop it.
We all grab lighters
and I think we should head straight to Greenleys.
Okay.
Mr. Mellon, did you grab that shotgun?
Did that happen?
This one?
Oh yeah, I need to uncock it.
That's what it's called, right?
Depends on.
The kind of shotgun, I think.
It's this kind.
Yeah, it's a double barrel shotgun.
Yes.
So yeah, it's not a pump action one.
It's that kind, we say, pointing to what he's got.
Okay, it's kind of spooky, but let's go to Greenleys.
The back door was the idea, right?
Or the back window.
That's what Hiram said.
I'd say maybe even a mile before,
we're not gonna wanna be seen on the road heading there.
Or we're like a mile out, right?
Yeah, it's probably about 20 minutes walk
from where you are.
Maybe like a quarter mile.
We could get off the road.
I don't know why we gotta make it super hot on ourselves.
Anyway, let's head out.
Yeah, I mean, by this stage, it's probably early afternoon.
So you make your way up the road towards Greenleys.
And yeah, I mean, there are grounds to the house.
So you can make your way off the road earlier
than the driveway that goes up there
by perhaps forcing your way through a hedge.
And yeah, I mean, this is a fairly nice house.
It's got what you reckon are probably
several acres of ground, fairly well-tended.
The lawn's nicely manicured.
There's a few flower beds,
which obviously aren't in bloom at this time of year,
but are still in good condition.
I bet those are really nice when they're in season.
Yeah, the house itself, it's a stone-built structure
in fair old size, probably no more than about 50 years old.
The thing that probably gets your attention
more than anything else is there are a number of cars
parked outside there.
It looks like Mr. Brink collects cars.
Can we get a sense of any activity from our vantage point?
Can we see maybe people in the windows
or if there's anybody working the grounds
or anything like that?
Sure, give me a spot hidden, Roll.
I failed a 57 on a 25.
Okay.
I rolled a 55 on a 55.
Yeah, certainly Freddy looking around
doesn't notice any gardeners or anything.
There don't seem to be any staff on site.
You can't really see any activity going onto the windows.
The place looks fairly quiet.
It looks good.
Do you wanna just move?
Hey guys, they should call him Mr. Cause, right?
They should call him Mr. Cause.
Does he come before an effect?
I'm confused, what are you talking about?
All the cause.
All his key, he's got a lot of, let's go to the back.
Did we see that big, Caddy?
Yeah, you do, there is a big black Cadillac
parked out the front.
Quiet, we gotta stay quiet as we're moving along
through the back, okay, because if anyone hears us
once we get within earshot,
they're not gonna take too kindly.
I'm afraid, you know, the face of a thief
is not one that people forget.
Fred, are you saying you hit this place before?
If the servants here are the same as they were
when Hiram was here, then, hmm.
Wait, okay, well, but Hiram, he didn't really,
he doesn't know you robbed this place, right?
He also said he didn't have servants,
so who were those people there that night?
I don't know, okay, moving on.
Nevermind, we're good, no one's gonna recognize me,
not trying to make it harder for ourselves, that'd be silly.
Let's sneak into the back now.
All right, yeah.
Okay, well, you make your way around
to the back of the house, and sure enough,
there is a little, a small little wing
coming off the back of the house
that looks like it is probably the servants' quarters,
whereas the rest of the house is on two stories,
this is a one-story structure just out the back.
Okay, now, are we gonna try to sneak into the house
and kinda get a feel of what's going on,
or are we going straight down to the cellar?
Play it by ear, and a little bit of column A,
a little bit of column B,
we gotta get through that door first, though.
Yeah, our goal is to get through that,
it's the window that had the broken lock, right?
I think our goal should be the cellar,
but yeah, keeping an eye out on the lay of the house,
we're gonna have two kids,
we're dragging out with this, hopefully.
There's fucking dragons down there.
Fuckers call Cthulhu.
Dragons out!
Are you, what, just forcing the lock on the window?
Is your plan something else?
Yeah, I'm definitely gonna listen in
to try to look around through the window very stealthily
to get a lay to see if, obviously,
if there's someone right on the other side of the window,
I don't wanna try to break in.
Sure, you'd be able to see
if there was someone on the other side of the window,
there aren't any curtains up,
and looking in, there definitely isn't.
Then I'm gonna kinda cup my dirty,
my doidy hand around my ear,
and press it up against the glass,
and try to see if I can hear anything
going on inside the house.
Okay, give me a listen roll.
28 on a 50.
Yeah, you listen, and no,
you can't hear any activity at all.
It's dead silent inside.
So he's gonna go ahead and try to open up the window.
Well, I think you only need to give me a stealth roll here
because it's easy enough to force.
It's just a question of whether you can do so quietly.
43 on a 60.
I mean, sure enough, as per Hiram's words,
the lock on this is crap,
and so just with a bit of force, yeah, it cracks,
and you manage to avoid the noise of that being too loud,
and the window squeaking as you slide it up.
You have the window open,
and you can clamber inside should you wish.
Clamber indeed I do.
I'm gonna follow suit.
Frederick's kind of our guy who is breaky any,
and I trust that he has done his due diligence,
that this is an okay thing.
The coast is clear, so I just follow in his footsteps.
And as long as I don't hear anything
calamitous happen to them, I follow as well.
But I do pause for a moment
to make sure nothing calamitous happens to them.
If something calamitous is happening to them,
it's happening very quietly.
That's good enough for me to go on through.
Okay, then yeah, the three of you clambering
through this window, and the room inside
is just a fairly simple bedroom.
There's an unmade bed.
Sorry, when I say unmade bed,
there are no sheets or anything on there.
It's just a mattress on the frame.
There's a wardrobe and a chest of drawers,
fairly simple looking furniture.
The whole place just looks unlived in.
You fellas know how long Hiram's not been here,
how long it's been since his partner bought this place?
Just at the start of it, you know,
all the recent troubles.
Enough time to have moved in.
Maybe he doesn't have enough people
to fill all these big, big house rooms.
Yeah, it just looks like there's no servants living here.
I say we press on into the house very quietly.
Agreed.
Yeah, the door from this room
opens out into a small corridor.
Down to the left, there's obviously a back door
that comes in this way.
Heading towards the right,
it seems to go towards the main house.
And you can see that, yeah, there is a door
that opens up into,
certainly it looks like it opens up into the main building.
There's also, off to your left,
a flight of stairs that seems to go down.
You know, if we go down first,
then we don't have to go into the big house.
Settlers are usually down.
I think we should go down.
We get, that's the direction, right?
I can only think of traps and pitfalls
existing in the rest of the house,
but we would figure out more of the fun mystery, so.
But let's go down.
You go down the stairs,
and as you reach the bottom, it opens up,
unsurprisingly, into some fairly large cellars.
It looks like it's broken up
into a number of different rooms.
But it goes into, you know,
initially one fairly large room
that's got shelves lining the walls,
most of which are empty.
There's obviously some old supplies,
or, you know, some old cleaning supplies
and a few jars sitting on the shelves
that look like they've probably been there for a long time.
There's spiders' webs.
There's an electric light you can turn on
so you can see what you're doing.
The only thing that stands out as being unusual
or worthy of note in this room
is there's a table towards the back
that has a metal cylinder or case,
or, you know, it looks like a large jar
or, you know, some kind of canister,
metal canister sitting there.
And next to it, there's a pair of heavy leather gloves
and a set of forceps.
What do you think, Doc?
Well, it looks like there's something inside that canister
that needs leather gloves and forceps to be touched.
I don't know if I want to mess with that.
That usually means something's dangerous.
What if there was something in the canister,
something like what we've seen,
and that canister can hold it?
I think we need the canister and those gloves, yeah.
Yeah, I think 100% we should take it with us.
Seems like these dickheads down in the cellar
have found out the, you know,
the safe way to deal with these parasites, so.
Yeah, I think that's a good idea
that at the very least, if it is specimens,
that gives us another supply for me to test, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, the canister is,
I mean, it's about a foot in diameter.
Not that heavy, but as you pick it up,
you can feel liquid sloshing around inside.
If I shake it, can I feel anything other than liquid?
Can I feel anything hitting the sides?
Yeah, you can.
Yeah, there's definitely something suspended
in liquid in here.
But we can't see the liquid or anything in there, right?
It's a metal canister, no.
There's no glass in it.
I mean, it seems, you know,
maybe this is a thing for holding those fucking things.
If it's not, we got a cool canister, so.
I say that's what we put our money on.
We put our money on the fact that it's holding these things
and that this is where they start.
And we use it as a bargaining chip
as we head into the main house.
If we need to dump it out on the floor
or throw it on Casper, voice comes to voice.
Do you think there's any merit in opening it here now
just to see what's in it?
Absolutely not. On the grounds here?
No, no, I don't.
I don't think, no, no.
No.
All right, Mellon gets really close to Dr. Coombs
and puts his hand on his shoulder and says,
I could tell that you felt real good when it was inside you,
but we're gonna need you to stay.
Keep your fucking head on straight, you fucking nut.
Thank you.
Yeah, yeah, no, of course.
I just, if there was a place that we were going to open it,
it might be better here and not back at the town.
We're not gonna open it.
Where everybody is, but.
Yeah, we're not gonna open it here.
We're not gonna open it in the wolverville.
Fucking nowhere.
No, this is like worst comes to worst.
Like they come in and they say like,
we're gonna kill you.
We say, no, you're not.
We'll pour this on you or on the ground.
They probably don't want that either.
What if the guy who's got it says,
well, what, you're gonna hit me with my lunch pail?
And it turns out there's a sandwich
and a thermos of coffee in there.
Then it will turned out we will have been caught in a bluff.
But right now it seems like this is a good chip.
We got to roll with it and not let these parasites.
I'm with you.
Spread in the wolverville.
Yeah.
Doc, for all we know, these things are in you and me.
Well, actually, since we feel like shit
and my business partner started doing great,
maybe it's in him.
I don't know.
Maybe it feeds off two hosts simultaneously.
We got to figure it out though.
Yeah, there's a, you're right, you're right.
We shouldn't open it.
We shouldn't open it.
And, and, and we got to save those kids, QAnon.
Yeah, we, God.
Oh my God.
God.
Yeah, let's, let's keep going.
Let's see if, let's see if we can find anything down here.
I'm going to take that canister from you.
That's a good idea.
All right, here you go, here you go, Freddy.
You can, you can have the gloves.
Yeah, maybe put the gloves on your, on your feet.
Well, you poke around the rest of the cellars
and I mean, there's not really a lot else
of interest down here.
There is a bit of a wine cellar.
There's some fairly nice looking bottles of wine.
Should you know anything about wine?
Canonically, Thomas Dolan does
and he grabs a few nice bottles of wine
in case we have success.
Excellent.
What is that, a red?
I spent some time rubbing shoulders with, you know,
the Boston Brahmin and I can, I can tell you which,
a few of these bottles, you know, they're not,
they're not so bad.
Mm, tannins.
That's right.
That's right, Freddy, tannins.
Oh, it's got a floral bouquet.
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Well, you poke around the rest of the cellars
and apart from your bottles of wine
and the canister of whatever the fuck it is you found,
you don't really find anything else of interest.
It looks like, it looks like they weren't keeping
anybody down here.
There's nothing, nothing, no signs of entrapment
or anything down here.
Catherine Zeta-Jones wasn't down here?
Catherine Zeta-Jones is not dancing beneath lasers
down here.
Before we head out, let me just quick poke around
just to make sure there's no like hidden doorways
or walls that aren't walls or nothing down here.
Okay, so you're having your poke around in the cellar.
You wanted to try to find any secret doors,
so give me a spot hidden roll.
Yes, 45 on a 55.
Okay, you are fairly certain
that there are no secret doors down here.
There's no secret areas.
It is just a cellar.
Voic.
What do you think, Mr. Mellon?
Did you see any doors?
Can we move on up?
No, I've been poking and prodding for all the two minutes
and there doesn't seem to be any stinking secret doors
down here, so I gotta keep my voice down.
Let's get back through into the main house
and then we'll get going.
All right, all right.
I'll keep this canister handy.
No offense, Mr. Mellon.
It's just that you were a snagglepuss there for a second.
My name's Frederick Mellon the First
and I don't understand the reference.
That makes sense.
It's 1932.
Let's go upstairs.
Right, then yeah, you make your way back upstairs
and like I say, there is a door that looks like it goes
into the main house.
Freddie, you should do that ear thing
you were doing earlier.
Yeah, I'll squish my ear right up against the wall.
Okay, give me a listen roll.
Oh, that's a fail, 82 on a 50.
Yeah, there's no one there.
There's no one there.
It seems like the coast is clear.
Let's go on in.
Still be careful though.
Still be careful and quiet.
Why?
That's a good point.
There's no one there.
We don't have to worry now.
We should still be quiet.
I carefully cracked the door open about an inch
and I peep on through.
Yeah, you crack the door open
and it opens up into what looks like a fairly large kitchen.
There's a dining area there, a range cooker
and there's another doorway out from here.
Now that you're in the kitchen,
you can hear coming from upstairs
what sounds like someone snoring fairly loudly.
Boys, I don't want to be alarmist.
I don't want to jump to conclusions,
but it sounds like we might be dealing
with a fairytale troll or giant.
That's just my first read.
Let's move on further into the house
and see what we see.
Melon puts his finger up to his mouth
and like a shh motion points at like a butcher's knife
in this kitchen.
Dolan, put down your violin.
Yeah, that's been on my back this whole time.
Obviously since I haven't been playing it
and referencing it, it's not because I forgot.
I just assumed that you've been providing a soundtrack
all the way along.
As a rolling stealth check.
Tom has stolen his sneaky as fuck.
Yeah, so I'll grab that kitchen knife,
that big chef's knife and arm myself.
Good looking out, Freddie.
Are you moving en masse to the source of the snoring?
Are you doing something else?
What are you up to?
I'd like to look around remembering
that they were dragged through the shanty town.
I want to see if I can see any signs
of like dirty floors or more drag marks
or anything that would remind me
of those bodies being dragged through the dirt like that.
Sure, give me a spot heat and roll.
It's a fail, a 40 on a 25.
Oh, you don't see anything like that.
Fellas, I think we should just make our way
away from that snoring and find
what rooms we can cover down here.
And if we don't find the kids,
we'll have to go up there.
That is the exact opposite of what I was going to say,
but I say we go with your plan.
You wanted to go see who was snoring?
I thought maybe Dolan could put the knife
right against the snorer's throat.
Yeah, I mean, but what about your shotgun?
I mean, I could put it against his throat too,
but it's not very sharp.
Yeah, it's just more about the element of surprise
when you wake up, right?
Like if we're not going to kill him in his sleep,
getting gravelly again,
if you want to kill someone in the sleep,
a knife is a knife.
A knife in Harvard Yard is a perfect implement,
but if you just want to wake somebody up
and fucking scare them,
then let's go with a shotgun in their face, right?
Oh, man.
I don't mind the plan of,
that would actually cut out a lot of downtime of a search,
and if we just wanted to cut straight to the quick
and ask the people upstairs,
the person who's snoring upstairs,
where these kids are.
Hey, Sleepy, what the fuck?
Oh, good, so you already know what you're going to say.
So that's your plan, is it?
You're sneaking up the stairs.
Are all three of you going?
Are you sending one person up?
Let's do it.
All three.
Send it.
I think all three, yeah.
Send it, bro.
Okay, so yeah, with three of you,
it's going to be pretty difficult to be stealthy,
but on the other hand, you're aided in this
by the fact that the person you're sneaking up on
is sound asleep.
So you make your way up the stairs,
which luckily are carpeted,
across the landing,
and the door to the master bedroom is open.
The whole place is fairly expensively furnished.
There's all sorts of object art
and expensive bits of furniture and so on,
but at the same time,
the whole place seems to be the best possible evidence
that money cannot buy taste
because everything just clashes with each other
and it all ends up looking a bit shit.
And you make your way through to the doorway
to the master bedroom,
and there is this really ostentatious four-poster bed there,
and there is a man lying there in maroon silk pajamas,
just lying sprawled across the bed,
snoring away at the top of his voice.
He's a middle-aged man, he's got graying temples,
he's fairly slim, fairly pale as well,
and yeah, he's out for the count.
Melon hands the canister to Coombs.
I take it.
Raises the shotgun.
How's he laying?
Sprawled out, he's on his back,
he's sort of starfished out on the bed.
Gross.
Not a care in the world.
Yeah, I'll just aim the shotgun in between his eyes.
Okay.
Give him a gentle little nudge.
Hey, hey.
And yeah, he's sort of...
His eyes half open.
Hey, sleepyhead.
And he looks up to see three strange men
standing there holding weapons, and he just-
Don't move, there's a knife on your balls.
He just tenses up.
Look, fellas, I don't know what you want.
Look, take anything you want, okay?
Yeah, you want money?
Sure, sure, I got money.
Are you Hiram's old partner?
He looks really confused at this, and he says,
what, Melnick?
Yeah, I know Hiram.
Well, what's this got to do with Hiram?
Not much, except we come from the same Hooverville,
but we're the fuck of the kids.
Good God.
He looks confused for a moment, and...
Look, what, the kids, the kids, yeah, okay, the kids.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You can see him thinking for a moment.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, the kids, the kids from last night.
Right, yeah, okay, all right.
Then if you want the kids,
yeah, I can tell you where to find them,
but I'll tell you what, you got to do something for me.
Frederick Mellon I pulls back the thumb fellas
on his double-barreled shotgun.
Yeah, I'll do something for you.
I'll do something for you right now, and it's not kill you.
But unfortunately, what has not happened yet
is that I've not promised to cut off your balls,
so why don't you fucking stop talking?
He said, look, no, no, no, let's make a deal here, all right?
I know, I know who's got your kids.
The deal is that I don't cut off your balls.
I know who's got your kids.
I can make everything right for you,
but, but, but, and you can see gears
kind of clicking over in his head as he's saying this.
Yeah, all right, look, there's a guy who's got your kids.
He's got them in another house.
I'll tell you what, yeah, you let me phone him up.
I'll get him to go over there.
Yeah, he'll let the kids out for you.
But what you got to do for me is, yeah,
you look handy with those guns, with those knives, whatever.
Yeah, I mean, when he goes there to let your kids out,
you do whatever you want with him.
Yeah, I mean, you want to kill someone over this.
He's the one who took your kids.
You just shoot him.
Yeah, yeah, you do that.
Everything's fine, everything's great.
You're saying that this guy is behind the kidnapping.
He's the one that came into our camp and took our children.
Yeah.
And you had nothing to do with it.
They just came to your fucking house.
They just used your property.
What is this fucking canister?
Why don't you tell us what this fucking canister is
that we found in your basement?
He looks really alarmed as you're holding that up.
He says, yeah, you don't want to open that, all right?
What if we do though?
What if we open it right above your belly button?
Yeah, how about that?
What if it goes in right above your belly button?
Do you want to tell us what's going on?
Or do we pour this canister in your fucking abdomen?
Does someone want to make an intimidate roll here?
Yeah, I think this is a very good opportunity
for an intimidate roll.
57 on a 50.
I'll tell you what,
as you are holding this canister above his belly button,
I will let you have a bonus die on that.
Okay, that's just another D10?
Yeah.
Or what is that?
Yeah, it's another D10
and you take that as your 10's result if it's better.
Is it lower than a five?
No, it's five.
Oh, okay.
Same thing.
So you can spend seven luck
and turn that into a success if you want.
I will absolutely do that.
Okay.
I will spend a seven of my 20 luck.
So I'm down to 13.
Fantastic.
Horrifying, that was horrifying.
He's looking really scared at this stage
and he says, look, fellas,
you don't know what you're doing with those things.
Just don't let them out of there, okay?
All right, I mean, I'll take you to your kids.
Why don't you tell us what we're doing with those things?
Why don't you tell us
what you're doing with those things?
You wouldn't believe me if I told you, all right?
Why don't you try us?
Do you believe that my knife is still on your balls?
Do you believe that my knife is still on your balls?
All right, look.
He says, look, all right,
I'll tell you what I know,
but look, you're not gonna believe any of this.
You guys ever hear of a guy called Aston Hawks?
Have we?
Actually, I think out of all the pre-gen characters,
no, no, you don't.
So no, I mean, you may have heard
a couple of the people around the camp,
maybe Maureen Frayne or Carl Rothstein mention him,
but yeah, I mean, you've heard the name.
Heard the name?
Why?
What of it?
Hawks, Hawks, he built a machine.
Don't ask me how it works.
Yeah, Sedgwick, he's the one who knows all that stuff.
I don't know, I know how to switch it on.
That's about it.
But there's this machine and you turn it on
and I don't know, he says something about higher realms,
higher dimensions, something like that.
All I know is that there are these things on the other side
these creatures and he points at the canister
and it's like we go fishing for them.
We get those, we get the good ones,
we put them in the canister, those ones we can use.
And when we use them, you put them inside someone
and it's like they feed on them.
They feed on something inside them.
But if you're fast, if you're clever,
if you get one that's just fed
and then you put it inside yourself,
it's like everything that it can't digest itself
goes into you.
Wow, so you're literally feeding on the poor.
It sounds so sordid when you put it like that.
After it feeds, does it leave the body by itself?
Does it, is it full and then it leaves?
No, you take it out again.
With the forceps?
Yeah, you don't want to touch those things with your hands.
What happens if it gets out of control?
Well, that's again, that's what the forceps are for.
You don't want to lose control of these things.
So you people did this to the Hooverville on purpose?
Well, not you people, Sedgwick did all of this.
I mean, yeah, it's not me.
Oh, and you just benefited.
Well, wouldn't you?
No, we're trying to stop this fucking thing.
The second we found out about this shit,
we thought it was fucked up and we tried to stop it.
That's the difference between us and you.
Why were these kids in your basement?
The kids aren't in my basement.
No, but they were in your car.
They were dragged here in your car, that's right.
They were dragged here in the car to your yard.
Like I said, it's Sedgwick,
going Sedgwick just got me to drive them.
Oh, you're just as fucking chauffeur now?
Yeah.
Did you get the bugs in your feet or whatever?
They went in the doc's feet.
He looks completely and comprehendingly at you.
What I'm asking is have you had the bugs in you?
Yeah.
After they fed on people in the Hooverville?
Look, like I say, you want Sedgwick,
he's the mastermind behind all this.
I've had enough to blow this guy's brains out.
He seems to me like a willing participant.
Yeah, I mean, unless he gives us the address
in like three, two.
Prospect, he says, prospect.
Trigger pulled.
Okay, and shall we leave the session there?
Yeah, it's a good fight, yeah.
As you blow Casper Brinks' brains out
all over his expensive silk sheets.
Oh, holy shit.
Wow, that's awesome.
Let's burn this fucking house down.
We got so much information out of a person
we were about to not disturb.
Well, we don't want to be rude.
He's sleeping.
Shh.
You very politely blew his head off.
Yes.
Wow.
As the shotgun blasts, the upper body of Casper Brink
gets shredded into just so much meat,
bits of him splatter across the four-poster bed
and blood pools into the sheets around
as his carcass just gives its last few twitches on the bed.
Let's have a sanity roll for this bit
of cold blooded murder.
What?
I failed real bad, an 85 on a 37.
Yeah, a 98 on a 75.
Okay, and how about Mr. Dolan?
I rolled an 81, I don't think I passed.
Well, it sounds like each one of you has failed,
in which case let's have a D6 sand roll
for each one of you.
Six.
Ah, six.
I got a five.
Fucking hell, holy shit.
Okay, can each one of you make intelligence rolls?
33 on a 60.
I got 17 on a 60.
That's 15 on a 70.
So you all passed.
Well, it's not very often you have three characters,
the only three player characters in the scene,
go into a bout of badness at the same time.
So what I'm going to say, I'll use the rules
for what happens if a character on their own
has a bout of madness,
but just apply it to all three of you.
So I think given the shock of what's happened there,
and the fact that you perhaps didn't anticipate
just what the consequence of this perhaps rash action was,
a little while later, the three of you
basically find yourself wandering through the Hooverville,
just not really quite able to understand how you got there.
You don't have the shotgun anymore.
You don't know what the hell happened to that.
It could be anywhere at this stage.
The three of you are still covered with a spray of blood
from Brink's exploding corpse.
Your ears still have the echo
of that shotgun blast going in them.
And you perhaps don't really realize what's going on
until, let's say, Professor Rothstein
just sees these three figures come back into the camp.
You're there by the campfire with a few others
having what passes for coffee there.
And you see, yeah, the three who went off earlier
in search of the kids coming back.
They are, like I say, covered in blood
and some stuff that maybe isn't blood.
There's some fleshy bits and fragments of what may be bone
wedged in bits of their clothing.
And each of them just has this vacant look
about their faces.
Hello, what is this?
Come.
I'm looking around at the other people sitting with me
and like wide-eyed.
Yeah, they're all looking at these three in alarm as well.
As Dolan stands there, there's something
that just falls off the lapel of his rather tattered coat
and lands on the ground.
Something kind of gray and spongy
that just bounces on the ground
that looks unpleasantly organic.
Oh my God.
I pour three cups of coffee into like little tins
and just walk over and offer it to them.
I think Nathaniel would like kind of eagerly
grab it shaky-handed.
Technically you're now an accessory.
And he would cup it with two hands
and gently try to suck down some coffee.
Yeah, it tastes nasty enough
that it starts rooting you back in reality.
Are you okay?
Sure, sure, sure, I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine.
Is this blood?
Can we talk in private, doc?
Sure.
And I don't move, I'm standing right by him.
You mean like in your tent or something?
Oh, yes.
I like lead the way to my abode.
Dolan makes a comment like,
shouldn't have picked up that shift at the butchers
to the people around the campfire.
We're all probably gonna go vegetarian.
Dr. Rothstein leads the three of you off
towards his sort of lean-to shack
where you can have a private conversation.
I pull the tarp aside that I'm using for a door
and like usher them inside.
Nathaniel Coombs is gonna try and find
just the nearest seat that he can sit in
and contemplate his existence now
as he looks into his cup of bad coffee.
Frederick Mellon I hasn't come in yet
and you just hear from the other side of the tarp
this dry retching from outside
and he kinda limps and slowly wiping at his mouth.
And then you see his left index finger is just going wild.
The rest of him is very, very steady almost,
like not moving at all, scared to move
but his left index finger just keeps moving.
And how about Mr. Dolan, is he going into the shack?
Dolan goes into the shack
and he's just looking for any kind of water basin
or tub, anything to start washing the viscera off with.
If he can't find it, he just pours his coffee out
on his hands and starts rubbing that.
Yeah, I mean, you can start getting yourself a bit cleaner
at least sort of get some of the bits out of your hair
and beard and stuff like that.
Come in, have a seat.
Carl, we met somebody that they said a name
and it's a name that I've heard you say before.
Hawks and Frederick Mellon just runs over like quickly
to Carl Rothstein, grabs just blood-soaked hand
on your lapel and just holds on less aggressive
than desperate and looks at you with pleading eyes.
Hawks.
Yes.
What?
Yeah, Carl Rothstein immediately thinks
of Professor Hawks and snaps too.
Well, that's good.
Listen, doc, they're putting bugs in people's bellies,
they're laying eggs, they're eating them,
weird shit's going on.
What do you know about it?
Me.
No, the other doc.
Me?
Yeah, you.
Rothstein, it seems like you might be stalling.
Stalling, no, I'm-
Yeah, what did you just walk into the situation
without any prior knowledge? I'm just very confused.
Let me check my notes
and see if I have anything about this.
He walks over to a desk on the back.
It's called a book called Memories
and he clips through it.
Austin Hawks, that's the name we heard
and I've heard you mention it before.
Who is he to you?
I was friends with Professor Hawks,
but he disappeared.
This might sound like a funny question,
but when he disappeared, did it feel like
any of your greatness disappeared with him?
I mean, look at me now, of course.
Oh, but this was years before the depression
that he disappeared.
He disappeared something like eight years ago.
A question retracted, doc.
I'll forget you ever even asked it.
Sustained.
I mean, he disappeared under mysterious circumstances.
I mean, he used to live in the Prospect Estate with Crawley
and was last seen there.
Yeah, just read from your book of memories over there.
Nathaniel's eyes widen, prospect, prospect.
And he's looking at his other guys.
Have you men been to a different dimension?
We suspect not, but that some kind of creature
from a different dimension, you know, is like.
The canister, where's the canister?
Oh, fucking shit.
Nice.
Do we at least have the forceps?
Nope.
God.
We must've left it all back there.
Oh God.
I don't know where we would've, why we would've, I don't.
Well, I mean, it's not like
he's over there futzing with it, you know.
Frederick Mellon the first checks his pockets
for keys to a big black Cadillac
that he's really hoping that they took with him.
Well, I'll tell you what, give me a luck roll
to see whether you picked up the keys.
I have 70 luck.
And I, oh, I passed.
I was really scared, I was gonna say that
and then still fail, 50.
Then yeah, you do check your pockets
and you do find the keys to the Cadillac in there.
And an ear.
Yes.
And he holds them both out in one hand.
We were at Greenleys, we were at Greenleys
and we followed that big black caddy out there.
Ida told us at the Blue Star Diner,
that's what led us all the way out there
and then we decided we heard the man sleeping
and we thought, oh no, forget it, you're home to Bel Air.
And we said, let's go upstairs and maybe check on him.
But then we killed him and now he took his car.
Okay, so if we have his car,
we'll be able to get back there pretty easily
because we need that canister
and we probably need the shotgun.
Maybe he's got other stuff too.
We can disguise ourselves with his clothes
and maybe other guns that he might have,
recheck his basement perhaps,
but maybe we don't have time
because we need to get the prospect.
Oh, fuck Carl, are you gonna come with us?
Please help.
Carl is standing in his little shack
surrounded by these men covered in goo and blood
and who knows what.
And he's wide-eyed the entire time
that Frederick is saying that.
If you need my help, I'll come.
I'm not sure.
He doesn't seem convinced yet, Carl.
Dr. Coombs, please tell him about the creatures.
Tell him about the creatures.
Tell him how fucked up it was.
The creatures, listen, Carl,
the long and short of it is we've killed tonight
and we'll kill again.
Who did you kill?
You if you don't come with us.
Whoa, what?
Are you serious?
Carl, do you know where Prospect is?
I want to say yes.
Then do it, man, damn it.
It's a couple of miles from here.
It's a couple of miles down the road towards Arkham.
Of course, I mean, are you going to hurt me?
Not if you take us there, doc.
Okay, how do you suppose we get there?
Frederick holds up the ear.
I mean the keys.
Okay, yeah, if you drive, I can show you the way.
Maybe you can fill me in on some stuff on the way.
I doubt it.
The car, which is parked at a crazy angle
on some waste ground between the main road
and the shanty town.
As long as there's no cops around it,
then Frederick turns back and is like,
hey, and if we're super lucky, then maybe in the trunk,
there's a shotgun and a canister of void fish.
Of what?
I was just calling them void fish.
What a void fish.
Well, they lay eggs.
That's about all we know of their biology.
I'm from a void and I'm a big adventure zone fan.
All right.
Okay, I'm going to sit in the passenger seat
and you just tell me when you're ready.
Oh, that's good.
Cause I got that one all bloody on the way over here.
So I'm going to sit in the back in the first seat.
What I'd like at this stage then is a group luck roll.
So whoever's got the lowest luck out of the four of you
guests make a luck roll.
I think that's Thomas.
He spent seven on the 20 he had.
Oh God. So he's got 13.
Yeah.
I'm not sure how much,
cause I got a bonus for a little bit.
Did that get taken away from me?
No, no, you still have that.
Okay. Then I've got 25.
All right, Thomas, you got this.
All right, here it goes.
85.
Hell yeah, dude.
Okay.
So as you're getting into the car,
there's no sound of the shotgun,
but you do see that the canister is there in the back seat.
At some point.
Is it open?
At some point it seems to have got open.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Is it, is it sitting open as we get in the car or is it?
Oh yes.
Is it resealed?
It's sitting up.
No, no, it's sitting there on its side in the footwell,
the top of it off.
Yeah.
Can we do a search or spot hit and roll for any of these,
these creatures in the car?
You certainly can.
Like lurking under the seat.
Or inside of us.
I pass 43 on a 55.
You do see something gray
as wriggling underneath one of the seats.
You also notice a trail going through the undergrowth
away from where the car is parked,
heading in the direction of the camp.
Oh shit.
That is very, very not good.
Well, look on the bright side fellas,
we let it escape, but we do have the canister,
so we can't recontain it.
Are there forceps there?
No.
Doc, you took a Hippocratic oath,
so I nominate you to grab the creature when we find it.
Yeah, just scoop it.
I'm sitting in the passenger seat.
I'm finally like soaking in some blood that was on it
and like feeling wet.
And I hear that.
Whatever you need, just.
That's wicked good of you, Doc.
It's for mankind.
Okay.
Keep in mind when we say Doc,
we're talking to both Doc Combs and Doc Rothstein
at the same time.
I felt like I dodged a bullet there, yeah.
Thanks.
I'm not gonna go around thinking of two names for doctors.
I mean, you were obviously out of it for a while.
At this stage, it is beginning to get dark.
So are you following the trail of this thing
back towards the camp?
Are you staying in the car
and trying to deal with the thing that's loose there?
Are you finding another way of getting into prospect?
What's your plan?
This Austin Hawks guy, we were told he built some machine.
I think it's this thing that brings these creatures in.
He might have more sophisticated ways of capturing them.
When you got a problem, you gotta root it out at its source.
Otherwise, the little fingers that go out in the toes
that spread their little wormy ways into the world around it
will just continue to grow and grow.
If you cut off one finger, then you got nine left.
But if you cut off two hands at the same time,
then you got no fingers.
I think we should find this thing
before it infects the camp.
I think we should probably help the people.
It doesn't seem like a finger.
It seems more like its own thing
that can operate independently of a hand.
Maybe we should help the people real quick.
Because the big fancy place, that's not going nowhere.
But this thing's on the move.
How would we begin to find it?
It seems to have left a pretty clear trail, right?
Yeah.
You've noticed, certainly,
there's some of the undergrowth that's been disturbed
and it is leaving a fairly subtle trail of slime,
which you've managed to spot.
Like I say, it is beginning to get dark at this stage.
You're gonna have to try to find it fairly quickly.
Otherwise, you're going to lose it in the dark.
I thought my analogy was great,
but I'm easily persuadable.
Let's search for this thing.
So you carry on following this trail
and it goes up to one of the tents.
And you realize, yeah, it's the tent that Nancy Carver
was in earlier, the woman who'd seen the weird stuff
last night and had gone into some kind of fugue stated
as a result.
And this thing just goes up to the fabric
on the side of her tent.
And then there's just this wet spot in the fabric
of the tent as if it's moved through it.
Yuck.
Wicked yuck.
That's a no from me, dog.
Should we look around in the tent?
Nancy, Nancy, you in there?
You can hear the sound of someone breathing heavily
as if they're sleeping.
And as you shout her name, she stirs a little bit
and her first reaction is a sort of whimpering sound.
And then she says, who is it?
We got faces, I'll tell you that much.
It's Fredrick Mellon I, Carl Rothstein, Thomas Dolan,
and Daniel Coombs.
That's two doctors, we're very legitimate.
We're here to check up on you, Nancy.
We know you had quite a day yesterday.
I just need to sleep.
I need to sleep.
Yeah, that makes sense.
But we're worried about a situation
that has come to become a present issue.
If you could come on out, please, or allow us to come in.
There's a bit of movement inside
and she staggers up to the door of her tent
and opens it up.
And yeah, she's looking very pale in the fading light.
Her eyes are a bit unfocused,
her hands trembling as it's holding onto the tent flap.
What is it?
What do you want?
Excuse us for one moment, Nats.
Could we huddle real quick?
So she's got it, right?
She's, it's, that's-
Yeah, it's inside of Lee.
Yeah.
What is inside of her?
It's a void fish, if you like, a space bug.
You can pick your own name for it.
Okay, how do we get it out?
They enter the body,
but the problem is they don't leave a sign
that they've entered the body.
It's almost like it creates a camouflage of the wound.
A wet door.
How do you know she's got it?
It makes you look like that.
Look at her.
Oh, okay, so do we kill her?
No, I think we gotta take her with us to a place.
Thank God.
Thanks for asking, though.
I did not want to do it.
I know, but sometimes you just have to in these situations.
I don't, I don't know about that.
The thing here that we've learned is that
they put these in and then take them out of people.
So there's a way to do it safely.
Doink doink doink doink.
Do either one of you have any forceps in your shanty tent?
I probably do.
Any sort of metal grabbers?
I'm a physics professor, so no.
So no physical objects then?
Dr. Coombs would have something suitable
in his medical shack.
I've got some forceps.
And I do, I run back and I also,
if I can find a pair of gloves,
I'd like to grab some gloves.
Yeah, yeah, you can do that.
As you go in, Maureen Frain is coming out of,
well, she was obviously sleeping before
and her eyes open up as you come into the shack.
And she looks like, oh, Dr. Coombs, have you got news?
Have you found Esther?
We're working on it.
We think we're on the right track.
We don't have any reason to believe
something bad has happened per se yet at all.
And we're gonna find her.
She starts trying to get out of her bunk
as if to try to come and help you
and then just collapses back into it.
You need to get some more rest there, Maureen.
That's what's gonna make you feel better eventually.
All right, but do get her back safe, please, Doctor, please.
We're on it.
And yeah, I'm going for forceps and gloves.
Yep, you can grab those and head back to Nancy's tent.
When I get back to the tent, I say,
there's a chance Maureen has it too back at my place.
But I got the forceps and the gloves.
So what, do we just start poking around on her
and find the wet door?
Yeah, I'm not sure how to go about this.
We gotta go to the place
and find the people who are doing this.
What, no, Dolan, you just said
that we needed to fix the situation here at home.
And now as soon as we find the situation,
you're trying to bail out? No, no, no, I said
we need to track down the creature.
We found where it is.
We know exactly where it is.
It could easily leave her once it gets full
and then find another person.
Then when we get back, it's somewhere else.
Although I guess it would have given that person strength.
I'm really not sure how to say it.
Are you having this conversation in front of Nancy?
Yeah.
Probably actually.
Yeah.
Okay, her eyes are getting wider and wider and wider.
I'm sitting down next to Nancy's,
just kind of like holding her up
and taking all of it in with her too.
Carl, Carl, what are they talking about?
What are they talking about?
Everything you saw was real.
Oh God, oh God.
I think there's some kind of parasite in the camp.
And do you think it's gotten to me?
Yeah.
Oh, I think I might have it too.
You'll be okay.
Yeah, I've got one too.
It's just going around.
We've all had it, Nance, and we survived,
but we gotta figure out how to get it out of you.
That's why I think, Freddie, that we need to go,
you know, like you said earlier to the source.
I hope you know this isn't a flip flop.
This is a fluid situation is what they call it.
Yeah, no, 100%, I agree.
I was right at the beginning too.
So what do I do if I've got this parasite inside me,
what do I do about it?
How do I get it out?
Ah, just take a nap.
We're working on how to get it out,
but just so you know, you've got time.
I've seen this before.
There's no reason to think
that you're in any immediate danger.
We'll figure out how to get it out of you
and then we'll get it out of you.
It is imperative that you realize you will be fine.
It just takes your potential and your ability and your joy
and it gives it to somebody
of a better social standing than you.
Is this what-
Harold Priestley lived for what, like a week or two?
Yeah, is this what happened?
Before he became Crumbly Dust?
This is what happened to Harold.
I heard, I heard-
Yeah, 100%.
I heard his face fell off.
Oh yeah, it was gross.
That wasn't the end stage though.
We believe we've caught it.
Yeah, we believe we've caught it pre-face crumble.
So you just hold on tight, Matt,
take a little nap and we're gonna get you fixed up.
Be sure and drink lots and lots of water.
That's what the crumbling was from a lack of water.
So just make sure you're keeping the fluid intake.
Oh, and by the way,
if you see a little buggy crawl out of you-
Stop that.
Maybe don't-
Don't stomp it, burn it.
Right.
Oh yeah, with fire, kill it with fire.
None of this seems to be comforting her in the slightest.
Really?
Scott, really?
Some people just can't be reasoned with,
so it's not really my fault.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
It's like when you see a snake and it bites you,
you grab it so that you can identify what snake bit you.
It's the same thing.
Well, doc, like we said, you don't wanna grab it.
It can move through your skin.
It will just in a you if you grab it, so.
Then how do you-
On stage, Nancy is just curled up on the pile of newspapers
and old grags that she's using as a bed
and is in the fetal position
and is just curled up around herself, shaking.
That's good, that's self-care.
You're doing it right, Nancy, that's good.
We'll be back as soon as we can
and we'll get this figured out for you.
Don't worry, you're in capable hands here with Dr. Coons.
And Nancy, remember, you still owe me a can of beans,
so when you get over this, don't forget.
Doc, as a physician-
Yes, that's what they call us.
Yeah, don't demoralize the patient.
Oh, I'm giving her a reason to live, to pay her debts.
To feel good.
That's what America's all about, baby.
That's a very Teutonic perspective.
I came to a capitalist country
and, you know, it's treating me, you know, ill enough.
He laughs and looks around like very sad.
We should get to Prospect.
Yeah, now that you've completely destroyed
Nancy Carver's spirit,
you're heading back off towards Prospect, are you?
Yeah, you're right, Thomas Dolan.
That was a very good idea.
We isolated a variable.
I'm not gonna apologize for demystifying the situation.
I wasn't being sarcastic.
Now she won't run away.
There was still, last time you checked,
one of these things loosened the car as well.
You did see it wriggling under one of the seats.
And we left it there.
Oh yeah, whoops.
All right.
I think Carl agreed to try to scoop it.
So when we get back to the car, is it still there?
Well, let's have a group luck roll
to see whether it's still there.
So that's just Thomas.
On me again?
Yeah, all right.
21, so I've been so close without that modifier.
In which case, hmm, no.
By the time you get back to the car,
I think it is quite gloomy now,
but you don't see any trace of it.
And now I'm gloomy,
because I just know I'm gonna sit on it.
How big are these things?
The one you saw wriggling under the seat
was probably about the size of your forearm.
Oh, Jesus.
Okay, so not too small.
I'm gonna get in the driver's seat this time.
When you're ready, I will drive there.
Frederick Mellon I tosses you in here.
It disgusts me.
Oh, whoopsie.
It comes back to me that you were covered in blood and stuff
and I'm scared, very scared again.
Sorry about that.
Toss me the keys.
I'm like shaking and start the car.
I feel like I'm being taken hostage almost.
Yeah.
I want to note that I still got forceps with me.
So if anything goes down, I can still maybe help.
Man, those are nice gloves.
It doesn't take you very long
for Dr. Rothstein to drive you to Prospect,
because like I say,
it is just a couple of miles down the road.
As we're on our way,
as we're passing Blue Star Diner,
should we,
boys, should we stop and grab that shotgun at Greenleys
or are we completely fucked regardless?
Well, from, I mean,
from one point of view,
it's already served its purpose in the story,
but it could be,
could still be useful, I don't know.
After your experiences of the trauma
after murdering Mr. Brink,
are you really happy going back to the murder scene?
Carl, can you get something for us?
I would be afraid you'd use it on me, so no.
You can hold it.
I'd rather not.
It's good you don't want your prints on there.
That's smart.
That's why I adopted.
It seems like you may have done something horrible
with it as well.
So preferably not.
I don't know about you guys,
but I don't really remember what happened after all that.
There's a chance that we left the shotgun in the woods
somewhere on our way back.
I don't know where it might even be in there.
Let's not waste time.
Let's just go get some answers.
Yeah, it is.
It is almost dark now
and there are still two missing children.
I hope we don't feel like we needed that shotgun later.
I'm sure you'll be fine.
Yeah, Prospect, huh?
So yeah, you drive the couple of miles up the road
towards Prospect.
So this is another one of these estates like Greenlee's
that's set back from the road.
This one though does have a stone wall around the grounds.
You pull the car up to the gates outside
and the gates are a bit rusted.
There is still in Gothic script written over the top
of the metal gates in wrought iron, just the word Prospect.
And in the dying light, you can see the perhaps ruins
or not quite ruins, but the abandoned house itself
up at the top of the slope.
The grounds in this light look incredibly overgrown.
You can also just through the gates,
make out some outbuildings,
but you're not quite sure what they are.
The gates themselves have got a chain
and a padlock around them.
While the gates are fairly rusty,
the chain and padlock look quite new.
Well, that's one of the new ones.
And you know, ever since they got this new lock mechanism,
gizmo technology, it takes maybe a second or third try
here and there, but I'm pretty good with these
and starts rooting around in his clothes,
finding his like lock picking set.
Okay, yeah, give me a locksmith roll
to see what you can pop it easily.
A 10 on a 70.
Oh yeah, well, the chain looks solid.
They clearly used a cheap lock here.
So you pretty much just slide the picks in
and the whole thing pops open.
And he turns around and he's like,
that's one of the most advanced locks
that exists here in this time period.
And your boy, Frederick Mellon, the voice,
got it while winking at you, huh?
And he winks.
Thomas Dolan winks back with a little song on his fiddle.
I forgot about that film.
So did I, I just saw it on my character sheet.
But yeah, you get the gates open.
Are you leaving the car on the road?
Are you driving it up towards the house?
But do you want me to do drive it up?
They'll think Casper's coming
and Casper seemed to have an issue with Sedgwick.
I think he wanted us to kill him, honestly.
He seemed like he really would have been cool
with us knocking him out.
So if I were Sedgwick and I saw Casper bring his car
coming up, I would feel uneasy about that and negative.
And then the fact that he's not even in the car,
maybe we could play it off like we killed him for Sedgwick.
Like we heard that they were having issues
and we wanted to join in on the madness.
I don't know.
What do you guys think?
We don't know for sure that Sedgwick is here, right?
This is Austin Hawk's house.
Maybe he's a live-in helper with the machine.
That could be.
With a machine like that,
I don't think that the man who knows how it works
would be too far away.
I'm worried about the going in part,
but it would be nice to have a going out ride.
Does that make sense?
I'm worried that it's really conspicuous
for our car to go up the driveway,
but I'd love to have a car ready to go down that driveway
when we were trying to leave this place.
It's a pretty nice car.
It's the Depression.
I think going up in this nice car gives us some good cover
on the way up there and gives us an escape route.
I think we take the car.
We just back it in.
Yeah, you make your way up the driveway.
I mean, it's going to be quite difficult to back it in
because this is a winding driveway
and it's quite badly overgrown.
The weeds are quite high on the other side.
It's going to be tricky because with it getting dark,
you probably want the headlights
pointing in front of you at the moment
to avoid crashing into a tree or a sapling or something.
I mean, if you really want,
I can give you a drive auto roll
just to reverse it in there,
but it is the harder way of doing it.
I think we should just go in straight on.
There's surely a roundabout it,
but these estates all have those trees.
I'm a good driver.
I'll back it in.
Okay.
You give me a drive auto roll then.
Okay, let me see what my drive auto is.
God damn it, Luke.
Yeah.
Like surely he wouldn't just say that.
It's not on my character sheet,
so I think it's just a 20.
Yeah, so that means it's 20.
Yeah.
Sweet.
You dick.
41.
How much luck do you have?
20.
Fuck.
So you reverse the car up and about halfway up,
like I say, it's very badly overgrown
and you just misjudge it slightly
and you've gone off the path or at least off the driveway
and you're reversed into some soft ground
and the car is now sort of, yeah,
stuck in this slightly marshy ground just to one side.
Is this a good spot?
Yeah, if we just like throw something
under the back tires then, you know,
it'll be ready for takeoff and we can head out.
Something like you, Kyle.
That was my plan.
Not me though, no.
Ha ha.
Ha ha.
So you're getting out to try to put something
under the back tires so you can get out.
It's now pretty dark.
There's still a little bit of light, but not very much.
It hasn't been raining today,
but as you brush up against something undergrowth,
some of it does feel uncomfortably moist
and you can hear just the sounds
of things rustling around in the undergrowth,
things you can't see in the darkness.
Boys, I think we should run.
Thomas Dolan is just booking it for the house up the road.
Okay.
He starts running when he hears the Slytherin.
I'm not giving up.
We'll deal with Dolan in a moment
as he's separated himself off from the others.
The other three of you are still there at the car.
So is it Frederick Mellon I and Dr. Coombs
who are trying to help get the car out of the quagmire?
Yeah, yes indeedy.
Yeah, as you're kind of digging around,
trying to find solid stuff to put under the tire,
a couple of times, yeah, you can feel things
in the darkness just kind of slithering
across the back of your hand.
You can't see what they are.
Nathaniel, when one of those slithers
perfectly across his hand, he jerks back.
For Frederick, there's stuff out here.
There's that crickling sound.
That's not squirrels.
It was slimy.
Yeah, it's making my stomach hurt when I think about it,
but eh, we got to keep going.
We got to make sure the car gets out.
That way we can bail effectively.
In which case, yeah, if you're grabbing stuff
to put under the tire, part of that is going to involve
lifting the car up enough to get the stuff under the tire.
What I suggest then is one of you give me a strength roll
just to see whether you can pull this off.
They look at each other.
All right, young man, I think that's on you.
I pass, a 19 on a 50.
Yes.
Oh, nice.
Okay, so yeah, you think you've managed to get enough stuff
under there and sure enough, when Dr. Rothstein starts up
the car, it just pulls forward onto the track.
Now, Mr. Dolan.
Yes.
Mr. Dolan was running up towards the house in the gloom.
As you make your way towards the building,
from the undergrowth, just after your right,
you hear a sound.
The sound, you're not quite sure what it is at first,
but as you move past, you can hear a sort of
a sound,
and it's just going on and on.
Can I see anything?
No, it's coming from the undergrowth,
and it's getting quite dark.
Hello?
Oh.
Hey there, are you a missing child?
I'd really like to find and comfort you if you are,
but there's some freaky shit out here.
Oh, God damn it, Thomas.
All right, and he goes into the,
he goes towards the sound.
Nice.
Okay, so just as the other three of you are heading up,
you sort of just catch sight in the gloom
of Thomas disappearing off the path into the undergrowth
and disappearing out of sight.
Oh, Thomas, there's stuff out there, I wouldn't...
Yeah, that's why I ran,
but I think one of the kids is over here.
Can you give me a spot hidden, Roy?
Wicked scared.
23 on a 25.
Oh!
Nice.
So the moon is beginning to come up at this stage,
so you've got a bit of light.
In the little bit of light you have,
you see the form of someone lying just on the ground.
You can just make out a human shape.
It's too big to be one of the children.
It looks like an adult, probably a man.
He's lying on the ground and he seems to be trembling
and he's still making that sound, that...
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I'd like to try to find a stick and poke him.
You grab a stick off the ground.
It's slightly moist and yeah, you poke him
and he doesn't seem to react.
I think he's still going, oh, oh, oh.
In fact, actually, as you poke him,
his head does turn slightly towards you.
And as he arrives, we're adjusting to the moon
that's now risen a bit more.
You can make out some of the contours of his face.
His face is quite wasted.
He looks really drawn and sick.
His eyes are absolutely wide.
And as he's staring at you,
you see his right eyelid bulge slightly.
And then something crawls out from underneath it,
something wriggling that's just glinting in the moonlight
and crawls across his eyeball and across his face
and then just disappears up his nose.
I just throw the stick at him and run back to the path.
Let's have a sanity roll first.
We're gonna find a way to help y'all.
So, yeah, sanity roll.
Another 23.
And your sanity is?
On what was my sanity?
No, my sanity is 40.
And I took, I don't remember how much damage I took, six.
So my sanity is 34.
So I passed.
And so, yeah, I mean, you still, like you say,
throw the stick and sort of back off in horror,
just almost tumbling over on the ground
in your speed to get away.
And yeah, as you run through the darkness,
through the undergrowth, you can feel
sort of the wetness of these strands of weeds
as they brush against your face.
And you think you can feel things wriggling on them
as you brush past them.
And then, yeah, you just stumble out onto the track again
as the others are there.
There's a guy on the trail, off the trail,
he's real messed up.
Let's get to prospect proper and solve this mystery.
What do you think?
Does he need medical attention?
Do I need to?
Not right now.
I think we just gotta move on.
He's got bugs coming out of his head.
I think we gotta find a more holistic solution
to this problem before we can help him at all.
Well, prospect itself is just 20 yards
further up the track from here.
As I said, though, there in the moonlight,
you can see that there are a couple of outbuildings.
Well, first of all, let's just make clear,
there is no artificial light here whatsoever.
The only light you have is the moonlight.
Prospect itself is a fairly big sort of neocolonial house.
It looks like there's the remains of a sort of
extensional wing on the far side of it from here.
The front door looks like it's a jar,
but off to the side, there are a few outbuildings.
There are some things that look like sheds,
albeit large sheds,
but there's another building that's a bit odder than that.
It's a stone building that is around
maybe about 10 yards in diameter,
maybe a bit larger, a one-story building
that's just set back to the left of the main building.
Are there any vehicles parked anywhere?
Not that you can see.
Would we have, like, our torches with us?
Let's have a group luck roll
to see whether you thought to bring them.
I'm really sorry I joined back with you guys
before you decided to check on that.
LAUGHING
Oh, no.
80.
So, no, to be fair,
you weren't in your proper state of mind before.
It's been a day full of shocks.
At this stage, obviously it has occurred to you
that it would be a really good idea to have light sources,
but your mind just wasn't in that space earlier.
Typical Freddy.
So full of regret.
All right, well...
Oh, guys, by the way, this is the prospect.
This is where we're going.
I forgot to announce when we got here.
Thank you so much, Karl Rothstein.
Thank you for all your help.
I'm so glad we brought you.
Jesus fuck.
Karl, do you have any idea
what that weird round building there might be?
Oh, let me think.
You think it might be,
and not that you ever saw it,
but it was something that Dr. Hawkes had talked about,
that he was going to build a separate laboratory,
and you think that might be it?
I mean, it still looks like a fairly unusual building.
It doesn't necessarily look like what you'd think for a lab,
but maybe that's it.
It may be his lab.
I remember him talking about building a lab.
It looks like it could be that,
but I'm turning Irish.
I don't know.
It's hot, man.
It's wicked hot.
Being from anywhere these days is difficult.
How do you keep a hold of your own identity
in a world like this?
Should we check out the lab?
That might be where equipment is for this.
Do you think we should start there?
I feel like it's been presented.
I think we start there.
I think we figure out how to help
and try to stop whatever's happening first,
because if we find the children first,
then we would just be carrying or bringing along children
into whatever dangers we might be presented later on.
Good point, good point.
Speaking of carrying things,
shouldn't we carry that guy to the lab?
No.
The guy from the woods back there?
Yeah.
No, man.
My whole point-
The whole idea is to find the shit to help him.
And then not have dead weight with us.
If it's in the lab, then it saves us a trip.
Thanks, Thomas.
No, Carl, I don't think we need to drag the guy
full of bugs by hand back here.
Okay.
After we just fled from him and Tara.
Let's check out this laboratory.
What about you?
You're a doctor, don't you have an oath?
No, yeah, that's why I asked,
but when you said the bugs thing,
I've seen what those bugs can do.
I'm not touching it until we figure out a way
to contain those things more efficiently.
Okay.
And you're off existence, so.
This has nothing to do with me.
A phys-iks-ion.
You're a doctor.
Yeah, you said it right.
You said you're a doctor, so.
Okay, let's go to the lab.
So you walk over to this stone building.
Yeah, it's got a fairly heavy iron door on it,
black iron door, that again is locked.
You can also see that in the moonlight,
there are some fairly heavy looking cables,
half buried running across the ground,
that are running over towards the two shanks.
If only we had the shotgun,
we could be blasting all these locks.
Well, we don't need a shotgun for the locks,
but it'd be nice to knock out some of these cables
and people.
All right, I'm gonna unlock the lock
with a 16 on a 70.
Oh yeah. Hard success.
Okay, yeah, yeah.
I mean, this is a bit more of a serious lock.
It takes you a minute or two,
but even then, you pop it open and yeah, the doors open
and inside everything is completely dark.
There's no light in here.
You can hear towards the back, a sloshing of liquid.
There's a strange smell in the air
and you can see shapes just all around in the gloom.
Life's surreal, in retrospect a dream.
Easy times feel less than serene.
In the moment it's hard to count your blessings,
so we long for days gone past us.
Grief and strife, bloody, that's real life.
