Greetings, greetings, my fellow canines, my pups, my pack.
You are listening to 694.2 PTBP, Contentions best radio show hosted by Wolf the dog.
That's me baby.
I'd like to introduce a brand new segment today, and we're gonna call it Howlin' with
Wolf.
If you listeners out there would like any of your announcements read on air each week
by yours truly, I had to read anything these people send me.
Apparently yes, it can be anything.
Tell me your thoughts about what them boys are up to, promote your new business, tell
your best friend Becky that she's really been nailing it lately, or just go ahead and say
hi to your best pal Wolf.
Okay well, then you can enter up to four times by doing one of the following.
One, leave us a five star review on your podcast platform of choice.
Two, three, and four, make a post and tag us on Instagram, Facebook, or Twitter.
You can find us on Instagram and Twitter at pretending pod or look up pretending to be
people on Facebook.
Eat my ass Mark Zuckerberg.
Nah, each time you do one of these we'll put your name in a bowl.
Each week me or one of my minions will draw a name and that person will be able to write
an announcement to be read by your local canine DJ Wolf the dog.
Now I'm just gonna let y'all know my producer told me to read all that, but what the fuck
is a podcast?
Now for a little news, says right here them boys done fucked up.
Now speaking of fucked up, we got a banger for y'all today.
It's kazoo with no backbone.
Oh, come on, it's all about the build up.
Wow, enough of that.
So that song plays over the drone shot of you all of us crying and then we would see
one police cruiser and a raggedy four wheeler come pulling back into the contention police
department parking lot and the three of you go inside.
Well we're back in the police station.
Can I first aid myself to see if I can set my foot back in and strap that boot back on
and just leave it be?
Let's drop you off at the hospital.
Let's get professional medical attention.
I kind of like the idea of me doing it.
What do you want to do Keith?
I want to just see if I can't set it back in where I think it might be and then wrap
it up and then put my boot back on and then just go from there.
Go ahead and roll a first aid for me.
That's a nine.
You nailed it.
With an actual first aid kit handy and perhaps a leather strap to bite down on, you set your
ankle back into place and get your boot back on.
I think Clark is real disturbed.
We would have just taken you to the hospital man.
We don't have time.
Let's get, let's do some more investigating.
Oh, all right.
I have to prove myself dude.
Is he losing hit points or anything?
I gain hit points from that probably.
Yeah, you do actually roll a D4 for me.
Oh yeah.
Come on baby.
Two.
Yeah, go ahead and grab two hit points.
What is your first aid Luke?
60.
Oh nice.
He said 60.
It's qualified.
And as you guys are sitting around, Drew says, oh, by the way, I meant to tell you guys,
I called in and checked with the city PD about the death of Jim Cook, Maggie's dad.
It's pretty brutal actually.
He was murdered in an alleyway the night of December 1st.
He was strangled and died of asphyxiation.
Didn't you say you had a dream about an alleyway?
As a matter of fact, I did.
And you had a dream about an old woman strangling people?
No, not an old woman.
She was an old timey lady throwing me through the floor.
Even spookier.
And did I see you guys pull up in that four wheeler, but did someone wreck the four wheeler?
Yeah, I did.
Yeah, I wrecked it.
It was bad ass though.
Right guys?
Just could you take a look at that?
Yeah.
You know mechanical stuff, right?
Yeah, absolutely.
I'll take a look at it.
And then now that Julie Maxwell is definitely not at her apartment, maybe we should go take
a look at that.
Do all three of you want to go?
Yeah, I think so.
Sure.
I think it's best we stick together because if any of us got into this kind of trouble
without people to help, I'm like...
Okay so you get the address off of her ID that John Pettymore got a hold of when she
was in her car accident.
You head there and you pull up to a quadplex in the shitty neighborhood just northwest of
downtown where Julie Maxwell rents a studio apartment.
There's a sticky note on her door and I will hand it to you now.
I just got a dick drawn on it.
That's strange.
What's it say?
You weren't here.
Still waiting for reply.
Please help me.
You know I've always thought it was weird that this place is called the shitty neighborhood.
I feel like step one to raising property values in this place is changing that name.
I knock on the door.
As you knock on the door, the door opens and an odd chemical scent wafts out the door.
Do I recognize this chemical?
It opens from the power of his knock.
Yeah, it was just clearly not closed very well.
Is it like methy in here?
Or like bleach?
Yeah, a little bleach-y.
Not so methy.
A scent that John would know pretty well I bet.
As you go inside, you find a bed, a desk with an old computer on it, and a large number
of complete and incomplete taxidermied animals.
Looking around further, you see an empty bottle of brandy, an old digital camera, taxidermy
materials like tanning chemicals, pickling agents, bactericides, oils and such, a handful
of pictures of Julie with her sister Ashley from before the accident, and a receipt from
Forgotten Treasures, a local flea market.
Whoever has the best search, please roll search for me.
I've got 50.
Yeah, you're the best.
32.
As you are giving the apartment a quick go around, you find a phone book.
It's flipped upside down underneath the bed, and flipping it over, you see the phone book
was opened to the Yellow Pages for private practices, and Circled is an ad for Dr. Marie
Jacobs, who is a family practitioner in contention.
Hey John, you should take a look at that computer.
Yeah, definitely.
I want to look at that camera and that receipt too.
Okay.
Roll computer science.
96.
Well.
My skill is 99, so I pass hand on it.
It's awfully handy.
You would see that the digital camera is broken that's sitting on the desk.
Damn, it's broken.
There are some recent Google searches on her computer for fixing broken digital cameras,
and then moving on to where to find a new camera.
She was looking into buying a new camera.
The receipt from Forgotten Treasures is off an old register for, I don't know, $45.
Let's go with $45.
I also, before I move on to the camera, I'm going to pocket that memory card.
Sounds good.
Is there any memory card reader or input on the computer?
Sure.
I would like to see if I can see anything on it.
A bunch of pictures of taxidermied animals.
Can I spend the next four hours here trying to complete some of these unassembled taxidermies
and really grind my taxidermy skill?
Absolutely.
Sweet.
What is the mattress memory for?
A little progress bar appears above my head as I just...
Learn.
Yeah, just stand.
Is this just a one bedroom?
Yeah.
Does Clark know anything about Dr. Marie Jacobs just from being in the town?
I don't think so.
Any pictures or anything around?
Oh yeah.
They're all of Julie with her sister Ashley, so they're all from high school.
Move on, you know?
She is now.
Thanks to Clark.
Hey Clark, how do you feel about being in the home of the woman you brutally murdered
yesterday?
I mean, she murdered first.
Hell yeah.
All right, for an eye.
Literally.
Literally.
Can you think of anything else to do in here?
Clark is real interested in the taxidermy from a fan of taxidermy standpoint.
Awesome.
Guys, look at the scenes.
The whole time that John and Keith are looking through stuff and trying to work on the computer,
you're just...
Admiring the craft work.
Wonderful.
Good.
Are there any deer heads in here that you could wear as like a funny prank or a disguise
in the woods?
Oh dude, yeah.
Could we disguise ourselves?
Is there enough deer components here for us to make deer disguises?
I think you could probably come up with a headdress of some sort if you really took
the time.
I take the time.
Yeah, actually.
It seems like we're dealing with some spooky shit, so we're going to spook right back.
Okay, perfect.
You guys can spend some time in here- Making three deer headdresses?
Yeah, I mean if that's what you want to do- Well, I want a deer, do you guys want anything
else?
Ooh, yeah.
Is there like a boar?
Yeah, there's for sure a boar in here.
What about a bobcat?
There are three bobcat heads.
What do you want to be, Clark?
I am not participating.
I make like a bobcat Cerberus.
I'm just going to go with a deer.
Clark, how are you reacting to them doing this?
I would not let it happen, but I don't know if Thomas and Luke will not let me let it
happen.
Listen, Clark.
We've seen some shit.
What the fuck?
You guys are putting shit on your heads.
I know.
Act like officers, boys.
Hey, you know what?
There's officers of man's law, and there's officers of spooky law.
I go and take it off of your head, off of Jon's head, and just put it back on the table.
We don't need this stuff.
I have ahold of the deer antlers with my mask, and I say, you're not fucking touching me,
Clark.
It's a weird call to just set mine on the table, because I just pick it back up and
walk out with it under my arm.
I roll out of the apartment with my deer mask on.
Clark, you are standing in the middle of the apartment of the woman you killed, and your
two fellow officers have walked out with taxidermy hats.
Sorry, one was a Cerberus.
Well, it was a hat, but it's a spooky three-headed bobcat mask.
How you feeling?
Not great.
I think madness has taken my friends.
Yeah.
I'm okay if you want to throw a sanity roll at us for that decision we just made.
No, you're good.
All right.
Let's take that memory card and camera with us.
I'll take that tray for a sweet bobcat.
Wait, what kind of camera?
What kind of camera was it?
Remember before we had iPhones, and we all, a bunch of people had digital cameras that
were about the size of an ID.
What are you, a grandpa?
It was one of those.
Yes, my children have children.
I want to take a picture of the apartment with it and see if it just takes a picture
of the apartment.
He said it's broken.
Oh, it's broken.
Well, darn.
Let's take it back to Drew and see if he can fix it.
We got the card off it.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah, so unless you want a digital camera from 2008-
I don't.
Okay, what should we do next, boys?
I kind of got caught up in that bobcat mask thing.
What was on the SD card?
It was pictures of the finished taxidermy.
Right, okay.
I think you figured out earlier in this game that she is a taxidermist, and so it's her
Etsy page.
Yeah, nope.
Chuck Testa.
Sweet meme.
Oh, yeah, vintage.
Vintage memes.
What are you, a grandpa?
What?
Yeah, his kids have kids.
Pictures.
We got two things we could go and look at here now.
We can see if anybody at Forgotten Treasures remembers what she bought, and we could head
over to the doctor's office and see if she has any information on why-
Let's go to Hidden Treasures.
Or Forgotten Treasures.
Forgotten Treasures.
Forgotten Treasures.
Let's go there.
All right, so you guys roll up to Forgotten Treasures.
It is in the old neighborhood, two blocks west of, it's, no, it's, yeah, to the left.
It's right there.
Yep.
And it's an antique flea market.
For people who don't know that we have a map, it sounds like you said to the left.
Yep, there it is.
We just go out on the balcony of Julie's, and the poor looking, no, no, oh.
Just above that.
Just to the left.
There you go.
You got it.
You found it.
To the left.
To the left.
All your shit in a box in the flea market.
Okay, so you guys pull up, and it's almost closing time.
Not for cops.
I'm pretty much, yeah.
What do you guys want to do?
Go inside.
Okay, you go inside.
You know what?
That's what they're expecting.
No, I don't have a better point.
Okay, so you guys go inside Forgotten Treasures, and at the front, there seems to be a sort
of office to your right.
There's a big register area to the left where everybody checks out.
There's one big register sitting on it, and an old woman standing behind it.
And then looking forward, you just see a bunch of different rows of booths, individual booths.
It smells kind of weird in here.
Like old stuff.
Cool.
Wait, so do we have ... We have a receipt from here?
What was on the receipt?
$45.
It wasn't itemized.
Okay, let's go up and talk to this lady and see if she remembers.
Yeah, see if Julie came by a lot.
Hello, ma'am.
Hello?
Hi?
We're three officers of the law, and we need some information from you.
Oh my.
Okay.
Sure.
Yes?
Do you remember a lady named Julie Maxwell?
Julie Maxwell?
No.
Pull up a picture.
Yeah.
We show her a picture.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
She was in here, I don't know, maybe a week ago.
Was she a frequent customer or just the one time?
No.
Do you recall what she purchased?
Oh gosh.
Oh gosh, what was it?
It was an old camera.
What booth?
504?
I think.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Polaroid?
Seemed to be.
I'd never seen anything like it before.
It was a weird camera.
What kind of things do they sell in this?
As she's saying that, I'm going to head toward it.
As she opens a book and starts flipping through it.
That booth is owned by Mildred Mitchell?
That's John Peters' neighbor.
Clark, you're walking toward the booth.
When you get there, it contains some old hippie records, some tie-dye clothes, and future
paraphernalia.
Future paraphernalia?
Future paraphernalia?
Yeah, like some pipes that will- For tobacco use only.
For tobacco use only.
Are there any other items like that camera or are they all pretty straightforward, nothing
too unusual?
Yeah.
I don't know.
There has been some, I guess, not too many people around here buy stuff from Mildred,
but she had a few items come in pretty recently that all sold pretty quickly.
How recently?
Probably about a week ago.
I think she looted John Peters' house.
We need to go talk to her.
Yeah, we need to find out how she got this stuff.
Do you have any other cool booths?
You might want to check out booth 420.
Man, we are officers before war.
Man, we're cops.
It's all Elvis memorabilia.
I'm a big fan.
Well.
Oh, you old hound dog.
Crying all the time.
I really want to go talk to Mildred.
Let's roll.
Let's head right to Mildred's.
You guys pull up to Mildred's house and when she opens up the door, a cloud of smoke billows
out of the door and she's like, oh, hey, uh, oh, officer, officers, uh, officers.
I, uh, oh boy.
Hey Mildred.
Hey.
You having a good time there?
Hey Johnny.
How are you doing?
Uh, yeah.
I, um.
Not as good as you, I don't think.
I'm so, I am, um, I'm sorry.
Burning a little incense in here, are we Mildred?
I just like the place to smell nice.
Of course.
Hey, do you mind if we step in and ask you a few questions?
I don't know.
By all means.
Do you want some tea?
And she, uh, starts walking back.
What kind of tea?
I've got green, chamomile, herbal, mint, peppermint, black, uh, blue, and, uh, green.
I'll take one of them peppermints, man.
I'll take the second green.
I'll take the first green.
Have some fun, Keith.
All right, let's do it.
She picks up a spliff off of her ashtray.
Mildred.
Oh, I, oh, shoot, I'm so-
She's, like, embarrassed and puts it out, uh, and then goes back and, uh, comes back
with some tea, uh, and sits down on the couch and is like-
Oh, no, uh, what, what can I, uh, oh, ew, what can I, uh, do for you, officers?
We don't want to go accusing nobody of nothing, Mildred, but, you know, when you noticed John
had been missing, did you happen to maybe stock your booth with some of his things?
My, my booth?
Down at the flea market?
I totally forgot I had a booth at the flea market.
Somebody restocked it about a week ago, Mildred, with some pretty interesting things.
What?
No, I, uh, you know, it might have been my granddaughter.
I think she might put some stuff for sale there, everyone smile.
Hey, uh, Tildy B. Tildy B, come on down here.
Uh, she gets an accident when she yells at her granddaughter.
A teenage girl, uh, comes down the stairs, and as soon as she, uh, sees three police
officers standing in her living room, she bolts back upstairs.
What do you do?
I call, hey Tildy, now, we just want to talk.
I call up the stairs.
You hear a door slam?
This one's on you, boys, I can't go upstairs.
Clark, you go head out the door, I'm gonna make sure she doesn't jump out a window or
something.
Sure.
So John runs around the side of the house and, uh, gets a visual of the windows, and
Clark heads upstairs, uh, you are now facing a door that is shut.
Hey, Tildy, uh, we're, you're not in trouble, we just, we just need to talk to you about
some stuff you might have sold at the, at the booth down at your, your mom's shop down
there.
Uh, you hear, um, some clanking?
Yeah.
Clanking.
You hear some clanking around.
I knock one more time, more forcefully.
Tildy, you gotta open up, or I'm gonna open it up.
No.
No, don't.
Alright, step away from the door.
I kick in the door.
So I'm gonna have the two of you leave.
You're gonna have to take a sanity check.
She's a deer.
She's wearing a three-handed four-hand suit.
Clark, you kick in the door, and a teenage girl is standing before you.
She has a crazed look in her eyes as she slams a large bullet into the chamber and squeezes
the trigger on a really odd-looking revolver.
There's an almost blinding flash of light that illuminates your entire field of vision,
and then, as if she had never been there, the girl is gone.
Roll sanity.
Uh, seven.
I pass.
Okay.
Roll, uh, D6 and a half it for me.
Three and a half.
Two.
Call it a two.
Alright, so Clark loses two sanity.
I am at 52 for the listener at home.
You see this odd gun fall to the floor exactly where this young girl stood, frozen in place.
You're looking at it, and it's this old revolver, and it's got some glass tubing that runs around
the outside of it.
What do you want to do?
Look in the closet, because she had to have just jumped in there.
You creep up to the closet.
Gun drawn.
The door open, and there's nothing inside.
I want to look under that damn bed.
Where'd that girl go?
You look under the bed, and there's no one underneath the bed.
You have absolutely no idea where this girl is gone.
I want to kneel down at the gun, look it over without touching it.
Pretty normal.
It's got, like, a stock, and it's got a barrel, but on the barrel it's almost like a revolver,
but instead of the ... What would that be called?
It's got a very specific name, and I can't remember.
The spinny part ... God, yeah.
If you haven't been able to tell by listening to this podcast, I know lots about guns.
And I know even more.
So instead of that-
Oh, God.
Chamber?
They're chambers.
Yeah.
So instead of the six chambers, there is one chamber that can be accessed from one side.
It's closed on the other side, and then it's got one chamber.
She slammed a large bullet into ... You saw her do that.
And then it's got those weird metal tubes all around it, and on the back of it, kind
of where the hammer would be, there are two lights, one green, one red, and the red one
is currently lit.
I pick it up.
I'm going to look out the window and see what I see out the window.
All right, let's get the other boys back in here.
Yep.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Thomas already did that.
Oh, goodness.
Oh.
You okay?
How much sanity did you lose?
Is Tildy alive?
Did she explode into black goo?
Jon, as you ran around the outside of the house, you get to a point to where you could
see the window from where you're assuming her room was, because it's a rather small
two-story house, and you see a extremely bright flash of light come from that room.
I feel like a really dark tingle of recognition and dread.
Keith, you also see a bright flash of light coming from the staircase.
Do I hear anything?
You hear a thud.
I get up out of my wheelchair and start going upstairs.
It's a miracle.
I can still walk.
As Keith is hopping up the stairs, Jon, you see Clark standing in the window.
What does he look like?
He looks horrified.
He's pale white and panicked.
I single to him from below to open up the window.
I go ahead and do that.
What the hell happened?
Uh, you didn't see her.
See who?
Where's Tildy?
She's not here.
Why don't you come on up here?
I come up.
The three of you meet at the platform at the top of the stairs.
What happened?
So I busted in the door, and she shot me.
She pointed a gun at me, and she chambered a bullet, and she shot me, and there was this
blinding white light, and then she wasn't there anymore.
Are you shot?
I don't think so.
What's the gun look like?
Be cautious, Leag.
Go look at the gun.
The gun looks like an old-timey revolver, but where the chamber is, six bullets, maybe
you know.
Do you know what that thing's called?
Cylinder.
Cylinder!
That's the name!
We could not come up with it.
So where the cylinder was, there's basically, on one side, it's completely enclosed, cased
in, and on the other side, there's a small sliding door, basically, that you can slide
open and shut, and it would fit one bullet that's the size of a cylinder.
And then there are glass tubes, one going underneath it, and then one kind of going
around the side where it's closed, and then on the back of the gun where the hammer is,
there are two lights, one red, one green, and the red one is lit.
John, it's like that goddamn camera you found.
How do you mean?
It's got glass tubing and lights.
I don't really see it.
I shake him.
Don't fuck with me, man!
Okay, okay, okay, I'm sorry.
You're, it's, of course.
I want to look around the rest of the room.
She's not in the closet.
I checked there.
I mean, you saw her run in the room.
Well, I want to see if anything else like that is in here.
You sure she was in here when you opened that door?
She was frightened as all get out.
She was scared.
We looked each other in the eye.
What did the bullet look like that she chambered?
I was going to ask that as Joe.
Did I see her chamber the bullet itself, and did I see what light, if there were lights
on the gun at the time that she shot?
The lights would have been facing her, so you wouldn't have seen that.
You did see her slam a, what looked like a large bullet casing.
Did he see the tubes?
Oh yeah, they were there.
Let's see where she got the bullet from.
She already had it in hand when he kicked in the door.
Okay, we heard her fumbling around.
As soon as he kicked in the door, she slammed that bullet into place and shot.
Okay.
It was a big ass bullet.
Where'd it go?
Where'd she go?
Well, let's, let's look around the room and see if we find anything else similar to the
camera or the gun.
Clark points under the bed.
I checked there and he points at the closet.
I checked, I checked there.
I don't know where else, unless you jumped out the window, but you were out there.
Did you check under the bed?
That's, yeah, that's what I meant.
I checked under the bed.
Did you check in the bed?
Nope.
I checked in the bed.
Pulling back the covers.
There's an elaborate like fake sleeping doll that she had made to sneak out of the house
later than me.
Ferris Bueller asks, three pillows outside of contention Missouri.
Boo.
Yeah, that was bad.
I want to start looking around in some drawers and stuff.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Let's toss this place.
I think Clark is sitting on the edge of the bed.
I think we're all okay with that.
It's really just a completely normal teenager's room, but inside her sock drawer is a wad
of $20 bills all rolled up.
I take it.
A drug dealer's wad, like more of a wad than a teenager should have or like the kind of
scrap you might get like selling bullshit at a flea park.
Yeah, exactly.
Like 200 bucks.
So like the meanest definition of wad.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Also, oh my God, like if I was fucking 15 right now and had a wad of 200 bucks, I would
feel like a clean.
A what?
Also, just like right now at 28, I would really love to have $200 in my pocket.
When the gun went off and there was the flash of light, was there a sound?
No.
Okay.
I want to hop back downstairs and let Mildred know.
We all came here together, but did we take separate cars?
I want to know where the camera is basically.
I want to take a picture of this room with the camera and I want to see if her shooting
anything is like reactive.
I want to see if it's the green lights on again.
Okay.
So if I have to go back to the station or whatever and get it.
It can be in your cruiser outside.
You probably took two cruisers here because Keith is probably not driving.
Nope.
So has anything changed with the camera?
Is the green light back on?
No, it's red.
I want to take it into the room.
So you rush out the front door.
Keith and Clark, you guys come back downstairs and Mildred is sitting on her couch in a Snuggie
drinking some tea, watching TV.
As I run by, I'm like, Hey Mildred, has Tildy ever disappeared in a flash of light before?
I'll be right back.
But think on that.
She kind of looks up at the two of you as you come down the stairs.
As John comes running back inside, she's like super blazed in her eyes.
Hey Tildy, honestly, for somebody who smokes weed all the time, it seems like you cannot
handle your shit.
Just in as I'm running back to Tildy's room.
Anyway, you smoke some weak ass grass.
Hey Mildred.
Hey.
You got any of that peppermint tea still?
It's sitting right here for you.
I go over and I'm just sitting at the kitchen table or whatever it is, head in hand, drinking
it.
Did you know that she had a gun?
She?
She had a what?
She had a gun and also she's not here anymore.
What do you mean she's not here anymore?
We don't know where she is, but she ain't here.
Wasn't she upstairs?
He knows more about it than we do.
Tildy B. Tildy B.
I'm upstairs in her room.
I'm just like, no, she disappeared in light.
We told you.
Never know.
Drowning out.
All I know.
There's nobody home.
Nobody home.
There's nobody home.
Fight, fight.
Street me down.
Takes me back.
To where you're from.
Don't stop.
Don't stop.
Don't stop.
Don't stop.
Don't stop.

Don't stop.
Don't give up.
Don't give up.
Don't give up.
Don't give up.
