My life is great, and it's all my fault
Cause my life is great, and it's all mine
Cause my life is great, and it's all mine
Hey, I'm Zach and this is an announcement.
During this month of December, in the year of our Wolf 2022, so far, the Patreon for Pretending to
Be People is up $44.98. Pretty rad. Now, if the month were to end right now, we'd take that $44.98
and we would match it. So now we're talking $89.96. We would take that $89.96 and we would donate it
to a crisis cold weather shelter here in Springfield. But it's not the end of the
month yet, and we're going to match new and upgrading Patreon subscriptions through the entire
month of December. So we'll double whatever we're up for December and send it on over to a cold
weather shelter here in our community that takes in all genders, which unfortunately isn't common
in our area yet. The shelter is open on any night when the forecast in this here part of Missouri
is below 32 degrees, and it's hosted at Asbury UMC with three other churches joining in to help
this need that's not currently being met by anyone else. So let's raise some money to help people
doing good. Last year the Patreon shot up by like 400 bucks. We matched that 400, donated $800
to the crisis cold weather shelter. I'd very much like to beat that figure this year, so
I don't know if we can get a raffle into the mix. Our Splashylvania Fastpass starts at $5 a month,
and other tiers take place at multiples of five. So for every $5 you spend subscribing or upping
your subscription this month on Patreon, you'll get an entry into the raffle. There will be three
raffle winners. Two raffle winners will receive a PTBP shirt of their choosing, including the
designs from the website, the merch store, the Patreon exclusive designs from season one,
the new Patreon exclusive designs for season two, which will be announced later this month
and available on Patreon in January. But the third raffle winner, however, they can,
if they want to, play in a one-shot that I've written alongside the cast of PTBP as their
fellow players on a little video call. If that's not something you want, we can also just send you
a t-shirt, no worries. Now we did a raffle a couple years ago to support the bail fund,
and we put up a match cap, which was wise because y'all raised over $5,000 that time,
and matching that would have bankrupted me. So we'll go ahead and throw a $2,000 match cap on
this sucker with our hopes high that y'all go off, because we'll gladly match it to help keep folks
in our community warm during this cold season. And for additional sweetener in this wildly
saccharine pot of sugar and syrup, we just dropped our contention PD Halloween special.
It's the Butterfinger Bandit Keith Beans on our Patreon. The audio episode of that is now up,
fully edited, ready for your ear holes. The boys were playing their season one characters,
but like peanuts-aged kids, and they solved a mysterious theft that they witnessed at
Klinker's daycare during the Halloween party. We had a blast, and we were back in contention.
It was so much fun, and we're gonna do it again. So moving forward in the Patreon,
starting this Monday night at 7 37 p.m. Central Time in the Den of Sin, we're gonna be kicking
off our new Patreon campaign, and Thomas will be premiering his handler skills with a homebrew
that he's calling The Lost Treasure of John Lee Pettymore. So Joe, Luke, and I will all be playing
members of the Pettymore family in the wake of the events of season one, and we're so fucking
stoked for this. Oops, all Pettymore's adventure. The audio episode of that will be out this month,
and episode 18 of season two will be out next Friday, December 9th. So let's help folks in
our community stay warm. You'll get fun bonus content, and you'll feel good. And that is a sick
combination.
