This is yet another introduction from your big boy Wolfie.
Hello to anyone out there that is listening.
I'm Glistening, live here from 694.2 PTBP.
Recorded live in front of a studio audience.
And live in front of my producer, at least.
Producer don't seem to talk too much these days, though.
Speaking of my possibly deceased producer,
we got a new Howlin' with Wolf this week.
Who's delivering these to me?
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Big Danny Dan Dan,
who tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pod,
which is a top notch internet move in my opinion.
They right.
Hey friends, just wanted to say thank you so much
for the great work you put into this pod.
It has brought me an immense amount of joy and comfort.
Zach, your world building and storytelling is top class.
Justin, your music is absolutely on point.
And to our dear PCs, your characters always managed
to accentuate the absurdity that is human nature just right.
PS, to everyone, winter is coming.
Love each other and remember your vitamin D.
Also to whom it may concern, your tea is getting cold.
Love, Big Danny Dan Dan.
Well hello, Big Danny Dan Dan.
The only pod I know about is the ones
from which my spawn will hatch out of.
Millions of tiny baby wolves, many limbed
and frothing at the mouth, hungry for father's special maulk.
They will probably devour us all rather quickly
when the birthing concludes.
But as I posted on my dating app profile,
I'm here for a good time, not a long time.
But also, what the fuck is time anyway?
If you want to howl at your wolf, tag us on the internet
or write a five star review and shoot us an email.
All the links are in the show notes.
It takes like two minutes tops, fuck.
And if you're sitting on the toilet
or trapped by a sleeping pet right now,
you have absolutely no excuses.
Get on it.
Wolf can and will wait, but only like barely
because it's time to get scary.
I don't want to be gruff or forward,
but I would do weird stuff to scot doorward.
Those who would love to are not alone.
It's time for kudzu with no backbone.
THEME SONG
So, you're there at the doorway of what you
presume is Astin Hawkes' laboratory.
It is dark inside, there is that sound of
something perhaps moving in liquid towards the
back. There are indistinct shapes in the gloom,
but there really isn't enough light to work out
what anything is.
Do you guys want me to run away and tear again,
just in case you want to recheck your pockets
with another luck roll for those flashlights?
No, but Frederick Mellon is a seasoned burglar
and has worked in the dark many, many times and
has learned to rely on his keen sense of ears as
well as smell.
And so he is going to try to really dig past his
inability to see, to make out anything else
that's going on in this room.
Yeah, give us a daredevil roll.
Carl's going to check his pockets to see if he
has a lighter in there.
OK, well, give me a luck roll.
Seven on a 20.
You do have your trusty old Zippo in there.
I see Frederick making some weird faces, like
sniffing around and trying to hear, and I flip
that on like this, this might help.
I passed my listen roll, so I hear the lighter.
But also, yeah, that listen roll does help you
identify where that sound is coming from.
And sure enough, as you've got a bit of light in
there and it's a lighter, so it's not lighting up
the whole room, but as Dr.
Rothstein mixes way in a bit, you can make out
details and you can see a glint at the back of
glass and metal, and you reckon the sound you
heard of something moving in liquid came from
back there. And in the little bit of light you
have, it looks, well, maybe not quite like a fish
tank, but certainly, you know, there's more metal
on it than a fish tank.
But there's glass windows and it definitely looks
like some kind of large tank that's holding
liquid. But you can also make out that there are
a number of workbenches that have got all sorts
of equipment on them, including more of these
cylinders and forceps and gloves and aprons and
stuff like that.
Frederick Mellon will grab a pair of forceps.
Good.
Yeah, we should stock up on all of those, all
those things. A forcep and a canister for every
man. Do we see any light fixtures?
Yeah, there are a number of light fixtures.
There is also something that looks like an
electrical wiring loom with all sorts of
equipment. And yeah, you're not quite sure
initially what it is, or maybe with a bit of
time, Dr.
Rothstein could work it out.
But what looks like some fairly complicated
electronics just covering an entire part of the
wall on this loom.
And there is a bigger knife switch that's there
and a few controls.
The other thing that attracts your attention is
the floor. The floor is flag stoned, but there is
this big ring of metal of some kind, maybe
copper, that seems to have all these strange
carvings and designs in it that is connected up
somehow to this electrical loom.
Are the workbenches all outside of that?
Yes.
Or does it kind of run around the room
indiscriminately?
No, it's a circle that's within the center of
the room. All the other equipment, everything
else is outside that circle.
Cool, yeah.
Hey, Luke, what's Karl Rothstein's electrical
repair?
60%.
Dope. I was hoping it was higher than mine
because I actually pulled 50 in it because I
thought Frederick Mellon might have cut
people's power when he went to rob them, you
know, gotten adept at handling that kind of
stuff. But then I was like, Oh, no, what if I
put my electrical repair higher than the
physicist?
Did you?
No.
This copper circle, is there anything on the
ceiling directly above it?
No, it's just on the floor.
Good question.
But Dr.
Rothstein in particular can work out fairly
quickly, I guess, that there is no power source
in this room. But obviously, you saw those
cables going off to the other outbuildings.
And, you know, it probably makes sense to you
that those must be external generators.
Rothstein, we heard about some kind of portal.
Do you think this here is that?
I mean, if anything was a portal, that would be
it. Don't you believe?
It is very portally.
I mean, when you think of portal, you think of
that, don't you?
I don't have a great sci-fi horror frame of
reference at this point in history.
You know, this might not be science fiction.
This is real life.
So I didn't know.
I just the answer to my question is, yes, it
looks like a portal.
I think it is.
Frederick Mellon is like standing in the middle
of it and he's like, oh, this jumps out of the
middle of the circle back on the other side.
I believe those there might be generators on
the outside. Should we try to turn the power on?
No, absolutely not.
We should try to destroy the generators.
That way the power can't ever be turned on unless
we're trying to send these things back.
I thought we were going to send them back.
No, I think we just light them on fire.
Oh, sending them back would be much more fun.
While this conversation is going on, Nathaniel
wants to walk back further toward the tank and
inspect it a little closer.
OK, well, you're obviously now moving outside
the penumbra of Rothstein's Lighters, so it's
fairly dark. But yeah, you get back there and
yeah, there is some kind of dark liquid, probably
water, maybe not, inside this tank.
And in the little bit of light you have, you can
just make out shapes moving within it, including
one fairly large one.
Are the shapes roughly like the bugs I've seen
before, or is it a wholly new thing to me?
There's...
Well, give me a spot hidden as you're doing this
in the gloom.
I pass a 7 on a 25.
25.
So, yeah, you can see that a few of the things
that wriggle past do look like the specimens
that you saw earlier, albeit larger versions.
But there is something in that tank as well.
You can't really make out the details a bit, but
from the size and shape of it, it looks...
No, it looks very, very different, paler and
larger. And there are tendrils coming off it.
I turn around and announce to the guys, it looks
like maybe they keep them here swimming around
or something. There's another one.
There's another thing in there.
I don't know if it's like insects in our world.
It's maybe it's queen or something.
As he's pointing behind him, Thomas Dolan
dramatically flips on the lights and nothing
happens.
Fuck.
All right, well, I lost rock, paper, scissors, so
we're going to try to turn this thing on and
send these things back to where they came from.
So I guess we get ready to push over the tank
into the big old copper circle and then two of
us go to the generator rooms, flip on the
switches on the count of 50 and then, you know,
the two left inside here push over the fish tank
into the into the circle and then we'll turn it
back off.
Sure.
I have no objections to this plan.
I think it's an OK plan.
We don't know a lot about this portal.
We could turn it on and they come flooding out
at us.
I don't know if it's how it works.
I think it's worth a shot.
That's let's push that tank over.
I'm too weak to do it.
So I have to be one of the ones working in the
electric city, which I have some experience with.
So if they do come flooding out, that's a risk
I'm willing to take.
Rothstein, let's go.
Sweet.
Perfect.
Coombs, do you think you can push this tank over
on your own?
I don't know.
I'm not there.
I just figured instead of counting to 50, I could
I could be somewhere in the middle and I could let
out a note on my fiddle and everybody works
together at the same time.
Five, six, seven, eight.
But I could also be there standing by the tank
with you.
Well, we'll know when the lights come on.
I guess that they did their part and then we tip
the tank over.
We could even have once they get the generators
going, they could just join us back in here.
We still got to flip a switch on the machine, right?
Oh, we want to be ready to turn off the generators,
right?
We just turn the flip the switch back off.
Right.
The portal switch seems to be in here.
Okay.
I'm going to stick with this confidence that we
have, that we know what's going on with this and
be like, oh yeah, fuck yeah, dude.
All right, let's go.
What?
Are you think we're going to fuck up and do them
all humanity?
Like, come on.
I doubt it.
Nothing mentioned, nothing gained.
People like us don't have the power to change
human history.
They've told us that over and over our entire
lives, they've let us know.
I mean, my entire life for you guys just recently.
But we're not the ones who are here to, like,
shake up this.
How old are you?
I'm like 27.
I'm 44.
No, my character sheet says old.
So Frederick Mellon I is firing up the generators,
is that right?
At least one of them.
Okay.
And I could do both now that we're not doing it
at the same time.
Sure.
Yeah.
It's not like a pressure plate puzzle or anything,
I don't think.
Yeah.
I mean, it doesn't take much to fire up the generators.
You can see that there are a few drums of diesel
there as well.
So, but there seems to be enough fuel in there that
you fire up the generators and then, yeah, the lights
inside the laboratory start flickering on.
It takes a minute for Mellon to come back because
he's going to roll one of those tanks of diesel
back to the lab.
Sure.
Just in case we all need to die in a horrible
conflagration, I get you.
That's exactly right.
Okay.
But for the rest of you, once the lights are on,
you can see much better what's inside here.
As I said, there's fairly complex a wiring loom
with all sorts of weird stuff going on in there.
There are the workbenches with odd bits of equipment.
You also see that there is a journal or at least
a notebook of some kind on the bench as well.
The tank, you get a better idea now.
Pulling it over is going to be difficult because
it is bolted to the stone wall.
The things moving around inside, yeah, most of them
do look like this thing that Caspar Brink had
referred to as species 17.
There's something else, though, this larger thing.
There's something about it that reminds you of a
monkey in the shape of it, but maybe a monkey
that's been turned inside out.
And it's floating there in the water.
Its limbs do look more like tentacles than arms.
It's just floating placidly in the middle of all this.
Let's have a sanity roll off Dr.
Coombs as he was the one taking an interest in the contents of the tank.
Taking an interest in the inside out monkey?
I fail, a 93 on a 32.
OK, so you lose a D4.
One.
OK, but yeah, I think the rest of you here, Dr.
Coombs, just cry out an alarm as the lights come on.
And basically, he's been standing there trying to
stare into this tank and all of a sudden he gets a
really good look at what's on the other side of the
glass and just staggers back and lands heavily on
the ground.
That's such a good shot.
Dr.
Osteen is now in a position to actually get a better
look at some of this equipment.
There's also, like I say, this journal, this
leather-bound volume, at least, that's sitting on the workbench.
What, are we going to read the journal like a bunch of nerds?
Let's just flip the switch.
Luke, I think your mic is off.
OK.
Ah, I thought you were quiet.
That makes more sense.
That's much better.
Rothstein is going to go inspect the switch for what he thinks is the portal.
And then is that book near here, that journal?
Yeah, yeah, it's just by all this wiring loom.
Yeah, I'm going to look around and I see that and I'm
going to open it up and read from the start, see what's in it.
Yeah, I mean, there's too much here for you to read through quickly.
I mean, you can skim it just to try to pick out the pertinent points.
It's written in English, which isn't your first language.
So if you're skimming it and trying to dig out the meaning,
let's have a read English roll.
Off you.
I do not pass a 95 on a 50.
Oh, Luke, your mic's off.
Maybe roll again and tell us where you're at.
Right.
You're skimming through, but it's going to take you a
bit more time to make sense of this.
You could just sort of try to ignore the others around you and just really
focus on digging this and push the roll.
But I mean, you know, there's always the chance that you'll just
catastrophically misunderstand what it's saying.
I'm going to, I'm going to push the roll.
I look over at them and, uh, I'm going to read this.
You got, while you guys work on the fish tank and then I rolled a four.
I mean, I wish you would have failed it, but so do I.
Yeah, the DMs would.
Can we spend luck to fail the roll?
Yeah, I'm going to spend 16 luck.
Zach's like, can I spend my luck to nerf his numbers?
I've got 70, so I can make it a pretty bad fail.
When Frederick Mellon I comes back to the laboratory, obviously Dr.
Rothstein has got his nose in the book.
Dr. Coombes is still sitting there on the ground, looking at the fish tank in terror.
What's Dolan doing?
Dolan is probably pacing around kind of nervously and just trying to pitch in wherever
you can. But I bet his anxiety is like, doc, other doc, are you ready over there?
Are we going to do this? So we're going to, what's going on?
I'm reading.
By the way, the other thing that you've noticed, that Frederick Mellon I has noticed
as he comes back towards the laboratory, is as you've turned the generator on, a few of
the lights, not all of them, but a few of the lights in the main building have come on as
well.
I was wondering about that.
I'm going to do a little roll for him real quick, just to see.
He looks up at the lights and he's really drawn.
He loves stealing, like from rich people specifically.
And so he really wants to go up there, but better judgment says, ah, okay, let me at least
check in with the boys.
I'm so disappointed in you.
I rolled intelligence and I passed.
But yeah, as I said, then you make your way back to the laboratory and you see all that
other stuff going on.
Can I from the ground now shocked by the creature, but I also, can I notice the bolts and
then we, uh, we gotta, we gotta find a wrench guys that this thing's bolted to the wall.
Okay.
I'll go find one.
I'll be right back.
Well, Freddie, Freddie, hold on.
We, maybe we should pursue other options.
Can't you just break it?
Yeah.
That's, that's what I was going to suggest.
What if we, what if we break it and we create some kind of channel or funnel, uh, directly
into the center of the portal?
You know, just some planks or whatever that run to it.
How big is this room?
Uh, the room is about, yeah, about 10 meters in diameter and it's up against the wall.
The, the ring in the floor is fairly large.
It doesn't take up the whole room by any means, but yeah, I mean, there's still a few
meters between the tank and the, the ring in the ground.
So if it were to tip over, it would tip over into the ring.
Um, or at least just up to the edge of it.
Yeah, perfect.
I'm a little worried about our plan now that we've seen that thing.
And I point to the creature in the glass that that's, that looks, that looks a little, a
little more mobile and dangerous.
It's got, it's got, it's just floating there.
He's having a good time.
It's a happy monkey.
That's what makes me not want to just break the glass picture, breaking the glass and
then letting a monkey out into this room.
That would not be good.
I'd like to have a monkey friend.
I don't
monkeys are horrifying.
Haven't you seen the move in pictures?
I think you could probably make a lot of money with a monkey act to around train your
monkey.
That's opportunity right there.
Maybe that's how those, all those men became faceless.
We should probably let the doc read his book and see what he finds out before we make
any moves.
Well, while he's reading, we can at least unscrew it.
What if it desperately needs to stay where it is?
Is the floating monkey creature, is it, are its eyes open?
Eyes?
What eyes?
Are you reading anything good and the fun is there doc?
Yeah.
So what Dr.
Osteen is picking up from the book is you to remember Dr.
Hawks was obsessed with the work of another physicist or an inventor who had also, well
not vanished, but died under mysterious circumstances a little over 10 years ago, a
man called Crawford Tillinghast.
And he'd created some kind of device that would shape human perceptions and allow
people to see through to other dimensions of reality.
But what Hawks seems to have done is taken the subjectivity out of the Tillinghast
resonator and created what he refers to as the Hawks device, which creates much the
same effect, but in objective reality, rather than it just being an individual who
perceives it because of the changes to their pineal gland, that it does actually reshape
an area of reality so that it shifts through the dimensions.
Hey, Scott.
Fuck yeah, dude.
That's awesome.
But you think from having flipped through this journal that you do have a better idea
now of how to operate the Hawks device, that, yeah, your initial surmise was correct, that
the ring in the floor does seem to be containment of this hole or whatever it is that's
being ripped through reality.
From some of the later entries, though, as you flick through the whole thing, there are
some worrying indications.
Now, that's another thing. Up to about eight years ago, the entries in this were being
written by Aston Hawks.
They changed hands, though, and the later entries are all written by someone else.
You're not quite sure who.
And the indication is that in recent weeks, as they've been going on their fishing
expeditions, pulling things through from these higher dimensions, the containment from
that ring on the floor is failing.
We were right, but it may not be working as intended.
So maybe like the best idea is kind of what Dr.
Nate was saying earlier.
And what if we just shove it in real quick and then shut it off?
And hopefully nothing breaks containment in that short amount of time.
I like it.
It seems like a good experiment.
Do we get the sense that if we did get it unbolted from the wall, would we be able to do
what we're thinking of?
Do we feel like we could push this tank?
In fact, yeah, the whole thing looks unwieldy enough that, you know, if you unscrewed it
from the wall, it would probably do most of the falling over work itself.
OK. Perf, consider it unscrewed.
Well, with the tools you've got there, let's have a mechanical repair roll off one of you
just to see whether you can do this in an orderly manner.
I'll do it. What do you have?
70 luck. I have a 50 mechanical repair.
Yeah, I've got a 40. I have a 20, but I feel good.
You feel good? Yeah.
And I mean, Dr.
Rustine is still busy reading the journal.
Right. This is what the others are doing while you're doing that.
All right. 54, so I'll spend 34.
OK. At first, obviously, this has been bolted into the wall for some time.
And at first it's fairly rusty.
So you're having to put a bit brute force in there.
And a few times the spanner slips and things judder in an alarming manner.
But you do manage to just keep it under control.
And you're getting down to the last few bolts.
The thing is, like I say, it's not very well balanced and it seems to be pulling itself
away from the wall at this stage.
And if you remove the last few bolts at this stage, it is going to come crashing down.
Wait for it. All right.
Holding on dearly.
Docs, respectively. Freddy's ready over here.
We're ready to flip the switch.
Should I turn it on?
I'm going to go to a workbench and make sure that I have a pair of forceps and a metal
canister handy, ready, just in case.
Grab the big one first.
I think I'm ready.
I think I'm ready.
Then let's have a physics roll, first of all, or electrical repair, whichever is higher,
from Dr. Rothstein, just to operate the machinery based on what you've read.
OK, my physics is 70.
OK. And I got a 22.
Nice. It's a hard success.
So, yeah, you've picked up enough from this book that this is all fairly simple.
And you can see that, yeah, perhaps, you know, whoever has been working on the journal
since then has perhaps got some of the settings slightly wrong, or at least you hope
that you're not compounding the problem as you make a few changes.
But then if you're ready to do the deed, are you just pulling down the live switch to
activate it once you've got everything set up?
That's what I was going to do.
So if that's what I've gotten from the book, then.
Then you do that and, yeah, there is this sparking and the metal ring of the ground
starts glowing and almost immediately it's like a heat haze, something rising from the
ground. Where you were looking across the room before, now in the center of the room,
in that ring, there is something else.
There is a shifting landscape, maybe.
I mean, your eyes and brain are trying to make sense of it and, you know, it sort of
makes sense to try to imagine this as a landscape, but that doesn't really work.
There are certainly shapes there and things that are moving, all sorts of strange
things, some of them small, some of them large.
It is perhaps like looking into a fish tank or some kind of display of deep sea
creatures. And there are perhaps, you know, some like the creature you've seen before.
There are other things that are larger, that look more predatory, that are shifting
around. Some of them have eyes, some of them have other sensory organs.
And there is the uncomfortable feeling that as you're looking at them, they're starting
to look at you as well.
Let's have sanity rolls up.
It's working. It's working.
Hell, yeah, I fail with a 90 again, I think I've rolled 90s on all of my sanity rolls.
31, I fail, 34.
Pass. I pass with a 13.
So it was melon coons.
OK, so can each of you lose a D6, please?
Come on, baby. I lost three.
Five.
So, Dr. Coons, he's shaken, but at least he's not out of his right mind at the moment.
Sort of jumps back from the circle and bumps up against one of the workbenchers, knocking
tools off. But he is composing himself.
Melon, on the other hand, needs to make an intelligence roll.
Fredrick Melon, so smart, 24 under 60.
Yeah, at this stage, all good sense has left your mind.
You are panicking.
You've misjudged this whole situation.
You need to get out of here as quickly as possible.
The problem is that, you know, in your panic, you can't see a way out of here.
There was that thing that Rothstein mentioned before about containment failing.
And as you're looking around here, you can see that this isn't just contained within this
circle. You can see that there's ripples in the air all around, that you're there trapped
at the back of the room.
How the hell are you going to get out of here without falling into this and getting lost
forever? How are you going to get out of this alive?
Fredrick Melon, the foist, as he's doing what he was meant to do, which was to, like, push
this this big aquarium over, instead turns and is trying to claw through the stone behind
him and falling to the ground, kind of like claws down into the floor, trying to escape
like a like a rat trapped in a heated up metal bucket stuck on a snitch's belly.
Nice.
Can you give me a luck roll, please?
I can.
32 on a 36.
Oh, dear. Oh, well.
So, yeah, no, you are just clawing.
Oh, no, I misread that.
It's actually a 100.
Whoops.
Classic mistake.
So it's a 100, is it?
No, I passed.
OK, so no, you're there on the floor, you're clawing away and you jog the tank for a
moment and it creaks and almost comes away from the wall, but doesn't quite.
And there's bits of the liquid sloshing down the side, dripping on the ground.
And you can hear something above as you jostle the tank.
There's you saw that there's some kind of metal hatch on the top and there's something
you're convinced now that's just slamming against the tank, just slamming against the
hatch, trying to force it open from the inside.
You know, it knows you're out there.
It's it's clearly coming for you.
Oh, my God.
Scott, we'll we'll send you a clip of that because the video slowed you down so
intensely. Did you guys see what I saw?
Slowed you down so intensely as you're describing.
And then there at the end, it sped you up.
So it's coming for you.
Nice. It was really great.
Oh, anyway, so what's everyone else doing while Frederick is losing his shit?
Do we notice that? Right.
Do we see something happening to him?
I mean, he is clearly just panicking.
I mean, you can see him.
He's down on his hands and knees.
He's actually beneath the tank now, just clawing away at the ground.
From my point in the room, can I would I be able to get to one of those bolts, one of
the less bolts?
I would like to try and do that while I'm yelling out to Frederick.
Frederick, get it together.
We got to we got to finish this.
Now is not the time for this.
Frederick is now under the tank.
So, oh, as in if it comes off the wall, it'll crush him.
There's a chance. Glass isn't that dangerous.
He's under it. He might be in the safest place.
You know, a lot of this seems to be made of metal.
Actually, I mean, it probably has occurred to Dr.
Rothstein that the metals in this room, none of them seem to be ferrous metals.
They they mostly seem to be aluminium, which makes sense because science.
Well, that means they're non-conductive, right?
Or magnetic. Yeah.
Yeah. Rothstein doesn't even think to mention it because he's like so obvious.
Yeah. If let's say that there were like two bolts left.
He's loosening. I'm trying to get one of them loosened also.
Dolan is running over to help Coombs.
So, yeah, I mean, between the two of you can get the last two bolts off.
Are you getting Freddy to safety before you do this or are you just taking your chances
and hoping that the tank doesn't crush him?
You know, ideally, we get Freddy out of there, but...
Yeah, I'll try and get him out.
I'll try to get him out. That's for sure what Nathaniel Coombs would do.
Yeah, it's part of his bio.
He would try to help.
Which frees Dolan to focus on the tank.
Well, then for Dr. Coombs, give me a STRENGTH roll just to see whether you can drag him
to safety before this thing comes crashing down.
OK.
I FAIL a 95.
You've got hold of him, but he's just pulling away too hard.
And you can see that Dolan's got just about the last bolt out.
You can try pushing the roll, but that means that you're not going to get free either
if this comes crashing down before you do so.
Oh, shit.
Sedgwick, they said it was Sedgwick.
Sedgwick was the one who was taking over, but he was he was he's not the closer.
He's not the closer. He can't close it.
He can't contain it.
It's not Kira. It's just not Kira.
I'm going to I'm going to push the roll.
I'm going to try it.
Nice.
I FAIL.
OK, so, yeah, Dolan can see that Coombs is just pulling Mel into safety, just
getting him out of the way as you're taking this last bolt out.
And you think you're free and clear just to get the last bolt.
And then just as you get it clear, Melon pulls Coombs back in the path of all this,
just as it comes topping down.
So what I will do is I'll give both Coombs and Melon the chance to do a DODGE roll just
to roll clear as this tank comes crashing down.
Thank you.
I pass. I got a fourteen on a thirty five.
Nice.
I got a fifty five on a fifty.
So I'm going to spin five luck.
Nice. Fuck yeah.
OK.
So you both just managed to roll clear as the tank comes crashing down and the glass
shatters, liquid comes pouring out the front and these things come flopping and
wriggling out from all over the place.
Let's have LUCK rolls off the two of you as you're both down on the ground beside this
to see whether any of the creatures take an interest in you.
Ought nine.
I fail a forty on a twenty five.
So Dr. Coombs, as he's lying there on the ground, trying to get his breath, having just
rolled out of the way, sees just the tail end of one of these spiny creatures
disappearing into his side and wriggling inside him.
Oh, I got one in me.
I got one in me.
Don't worry too much, Doc.
Obviously, you know, there's the fellow in the woods and probably a few back on the
camp. We're going to have to do this whole process at least one more time so we can get
that one out of you.
Dr. Rothstein is obviously trying to maintain the containment as best he can, I guess.
Yeah, he, once it got flipped on, was just awestruck by it.
And he remembers the conversations that he had had with with Hawk about stuff like this.
And he's just amazed that it's right there in front of him.
And then he hears a giant crash and focuses on, like, maintaining the portal.
So far, the containment seems to be OK.
You do notice that you can't actually see the ring in the ground anymore and that every
now and then out of the corner of your eye, you can see just shifts in the air around
you as if it's not all just happening within the center of the room.
That freaks him out a little bit, but he, I guess, kind of still skimming through the
book, looking for any notes about how to change it or anything.
Yeah, I mean, there's all sorts of ideas in there, but it looks like whoever has been
writing these notes has changed his mind so often that it's proving not very useful.
Whoever it is who's been maintaining Hawk's work since then does not seem to really fully
grasp how all this works.
I'm going to start helping throw worms into it, into the center then.
OK, then let's put this down then to whichever one of you would like to make a DEX
roll, who's busy throwing these things in, just to see how long it takes you to wrangle
all these creatures and throw them into the center.
I've got a 50.
I've got a 50.
I've got a 70.
Would I be able to take part in this?
Yeah, I assume you're all just throwing these creatures in.
Yeah.
So, yeah, let's have Dr.
Coons do it.
I pass a 58 on a 70.
OK, that's good, because what you notice as you're throwing the creatures in is that the
other creatures you can see within the zone or whatever it is that's being created.
And it's difficult to read their intentions like you would animals, because you can't
really hear them and they don't necessarily behave in the same way.
But you're seeing what you consider to be perhaps some kind of flock behavior or
certainly the kind of behavior you might see in birds or fish or whatever that are
beginning to look agitated and moving in formation away from maybe some approaching
predator.
Oh, shit.
What's Inside Out Monkey doing?
Did he get into the portal already?
It's just flopping on the ground at the moment.
It's bigger.
And so it's just, yeah, it doesn't look like it's very mobile outside of a liquid
environment.
I'm trying to kick it into the center.
You're kicking it into the center.
Oh, OK, good.
Right.
Then...
You love to see it.
OK, as you kick it, it doesn't seem very happy about this and it lets out what you
think is probably a scream of pain, or at least that's what you get for the first
couple of seconds of it.
But the sound, it does something to your brain as you hear it, and you can just hear
or feel your brain just shutting down in response to this sensory overload that's
coming out of this pained creature.
Yeah, I would like everyone to make power rolls, please.
66 on a 40.
I failed 79 on a 40.
I passed with a 34 on a 40.
Extreme pass, ought to.
OK, so two of you are just, you're having to fight through this pain and confusion
and you can see that your two companions have just dropped the ground and are just
sitting or lying there looking vacantly as this thing sings or screams or whatever.
But yeah, with that, I mean, you've got enough time that if you want, you can just
finish the job of kicking it in or shoving it in through the barrier.
Guys, you should try kicking it.
Frederick Mellon will kick it.
OK, and with a good punt, then, yeah, he goes, well, not quite sailing through the
air, it's a bit big for that, but you managed to shove it and as it disappears
into the the center of the room, then the sound stops.
Your two companions, however, are still sitting on the ground looking quite glassy eyed.
I'll kick them.
I want to approach Carl because he's the one who's running this machine where he's
going to be the one that we need to turn it off.
So I'm rushing over to him and maybe like shaking him by the shoulders.
Carl, Carl, you with us?
We're going to need you to turn off this machine here pretty soon.
And Carl is not responding in the slightest.
I am going to grab forceps and try to pull the creature that went into Coombes
earlier and then put it into Rothstein.
So, yeah, you grab the forceps and you did see where the creature went in.
So, Coombes, remember earlier we learned that they do the power.
They suck it out of your body.
We got to get the one that went in when you screamed earlier.
We got to get it out of here.
We got to put it in Rothstein.
That way his eyes come back from the glassiness, OK?
Just long enough for him to turn off the machine, right?
Then we get it out of him, too, right?
Enjoy.
All right, all right.
And I hold my arms up, giving him ample angle.
Yeah, sure enough, you start fishing around inside the now molten flesh of Dr.
Coombes, sticking your forceps in through his side and just digging around until you
grab hold of something that you maybe hope isn't his pancreas and start pulling.
I got it.
So, for Dr. Coombes, can you roll a d3 twice, please?
This could be very, very bad for you.
I got a 1 and a 3.
OK, so you lose 10 points of power and you lose 30 luck.
That's more luck than I have.
Does that matter?
Or it just goes to zero?
You die instantly.
Your luck is now zero.
So your group luck roll now is zero.
Just putting that out there.
Perfect.
Kick him into the circle.
I just wanted to get that pressure off you, Thomas.
That's all that was.
You're a good friend, Joe.
OK, so, yeah, you can sort of see some of the life draining out of Dr.
Coombes as you drag this screaming, thrashing creature out of him.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Yeah, his skin definitely looks drier and flakier and he just looks older somehow.
Oh, that one got a lot.
He's about to crumble.
I'm very thirsty.
And I'm going to kick Rothstein over and lift up his shirt.
OK, so he's on his back and you're dropping the creature into, I'm
going to, I'm not going to drop it.
I'm going to hold onto it in the forceps.
OK, and you're placing, you're placing it inside his body.
I mean, it's what the man who I killed said to do.
Yeah, I mean, you're going to have to release it because until it burrows
its way into his body, his flesh isn't in that state where you can get the
forceps in, at least not without cutting him open and gouging him.
I'm going to try it first.
I'm going to try it first where the forceps keep just like...
Poking him really hard.
Oh, God.
Casper Brink, you dumb piece of shit.
But eventually you do manage to get the creature into him.
I'm going to wait until his eyes come back and then I'm going
going right into his belly.
Dr. Rothstein can gain 10 points of power and 10 points of luck as this
creature wriggles its way inside him.
And yeah, I suppose with that, with that jolt of energy, you do start
to come out of your fugue state.
Oh my, I feel fantastic.
Frederick Mellon is just screaming.
I like to think the entire time this is happening.
He's just, let me, let me get a fresh set of eyes on these knobs and stuff.
Mellon's still screaming.
I was about to say, let's have a group luck roll to see what's happened
with the containment while Dr.
Rothstein's been unconscious.
But of course we know what your group luck roll is now, don't we?
But then you remember it would be pointless.
So as Dr.
Rothstein is coming out of this fugue state, he can see, yeah, that this, this
area of otherness is spreading and has, you know, is now pushing up against where
you are and it looks like it's almost about to engulf your feet where you're
lying on the ground.
You can also see now that all the smaller creatures have fled and there is the
shadow or the outline of something very large coming your way.
The scream turns into, shut it off, shut it off, shut it off, shut it off.
I jump up and shut it off.
Yeah, as you're jumping up and trying to shut this off before whatever it is
reaches you, let's have a DEX roll to see whether you can do this nice and quickly.
Can I try to help him up?
I got a 13 on a 50.
Oh, so, yeah.
I whack your hand away from me and you're helping a ghost, man.
He's already gone.
I do.
I lean down and try to help him up when he's standing on the other side.
Yeah, I just flip the switch.
Yeah.
And, and I mean, the rest of you can see that there, yeah, there is something just
huge that is just beginning to move into the center of the room and just pushing
beyond the bounds of the containment here.
And there's something that is reaching out towards you.
And then just all of a sudden, the knife switch goes click.
And there's just the metal ring in the center of the room, the stone floor.
Whoa.
Did it, did it work?
Are we all here?
Dolan is still dazed, right?
Dolan is beginning to come out of it now.
You've got no memory of what's just happened.
Yeah.
I mean, one moment, you know, the tank was going over and the next moment you're now
sitting here and everyone's in different positions and you're not really sure what
happened.
Dolan, are you with us?
Uh, park the car.
I'm not really sure.
Uh, park the car.
We parked the car halfway down the driveway.
It's facing out.
That way we can get out quickly.
Are they gone?
Uh, did we, did we do it?
Uh, yeah, we've solved everything.
But how do you like them apples?
Oh, except for we don't have the two missing kids.
You know, that was always going to be icing on the cake, I think.
Yeah.
We don't have the two missing kids.
And also I'm sure there's a lot of squeamy things out there in the woods that seem to
still be out there.
There's that guy that's fucked up.
I can't, not on this, not on this one.
And, uh, and, uh, yeah, I can't think of anything else, uh, left to do with anybody
around here.
We, we will have to do this again.
Right.
We're going to have to open the portal again to get for the things that are in
Nancy and, uh, yeah, the other one.
And then the, you know, that guy in the woods just seemed to be silly with them.
So, uh, we might just have to throw him all the way in there.
Didn't we buoyant some though?
It's true.
That's true.
Yeah.
We could just burn that fellow alive.
I honestly don't think I want to take the risk of having that giant, giant thing at
the end there.
Did you see the, the, the, the, and like words being to fail him as he really just
has no idea how to describe what was reaching out there at the end, right
before it came down.
You just see in his eyes, like, uh, the twinkle of constellations unknown.
I don't have any recollection of that, but if you saw some kind of terrible
shadow moving towards you through the thing, you know, presumably it would just
move on.
Like if we did it in 15 minutes, I don't, you know, 20, you know, an hour is still
going to be waiting around for that portal.
It saw no, it's going to be eating fishes somewhere else.
Do you guys think that we should, uh, destroy this then if we're going to, if
we're just going to burn the remaining ones, should we, should we destroy this
machine?
Yeah.
Are we on team burn the remaining ones?
No, we keep the machine.
It's very, uh, I might make use of it, uh, to repurpose it.
In what way, Doc?
Uh, I won't, it will be safe.
I don't know if we can trust this thing existing.
I mean, we've seen what it can do.
That's, that's, there's no way that that can be used for good, right?
Ultimately it should absolutely be destroyed.
I'm just saying, are we done destroying things with it?
We should probably at least look at the lights in the house, right?
Well, we got to go check out the lights in the house.
We still got to find the kids.
We've got to find Billy and Esther.
Yeah.
And the closer.
How did you wake me up?
How did you make me feel so good?
Uh, you just kind of snapped out of it.
Oh, fantastic.
Well, nothing left to do there.
Well, great.
No, I'm just kidding.
Lay down.
What?
I want you to lay down, lift up your shirt, and then I want you to do not
look, do not look down.
I immediately lift my shirt up and look.
Okay.
If you get it, did it eat its way inside me?
Don't press.
Don't, don't you dare press your fingers right above your belly.
Press my finger right above my belly then.
Okay.
And, and your fingers sink right through your skin into your flesh.
There's no ripping or tearing at the flesh.
It's just like putting your fingers into a bowl of warm oatmeal.
Oh, I immediately pull my hand out and I'm like, go ghost white.
And flick the oatmeal off.
Yeah.
Let's have a sanity roll for that as you have just probed the
inside of your own abdomen.
I got a 69.
A fail.
So that's going to be a D4 San.
Did you say 69?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Do we, do we want to tell Scott about a really immature house rule?
Which is that that's a crit success.
Yeah.
Usually I'm happy to see that number, but.
I'm not going to force Scott to roll with our 69 as a
critical success house rule.
I am happy to, when in Rome, I shall embrace the 69.
When in Rome, 69.
Okay.
In which case, yeah, you, you don't lose any San.
Sorry.
Just trying to get 30 minutes of silence to really get the
noise quiet meditation time.
Shut up.
Sorry.
I had, uh, I had a bunch of fans going that I had to go turn on.
Okay.
Well then let's get 30 seconds of silence from Thomas.
Uh, cause it'll way over compress.
If it's trying to cut out the fans that are no longer there.
You guys can talk about it.
Yeah, but you can't.
Can we get a verbal confirmation that you understand?
Yeah.
Without Thomas able to talk.
Is there a point in the rest of us speaking to each other?
Can't think of any.
Well, not apart from to taunt Thomas, but anyone got any good taunts?
You look like you can't swim.
I can swim.
I can swim.
I've put on a lot of weight lately though.
So you could float better.
No, it just, that's a place you guys could go.
Dude, there was a, uh, I'm ashamed to start a story with this, but there
was a tic talk the other day that I saw.
But it's just this guy.
Considering your, your internet culture consumption, that could have
been like a billion times worse.
Yeah, but, uh, it's this guy just like messing with his brother.
He's like, dude, you just look like you like have never bowled a strike.
And he's like, just like gets irrationally upset, like arguing.
He's like, dude, I have my own ball.
Like just getting really mad.
And I'm like, that is a hilarious insult.
Like do you see Thomas's eyes were darting around?
He was trying to remember if he'd ever.
I don't, I don't know if I have, I don't bowl that often.
Um, I don't think I've bowled a strike in my adult life.
You, you have, I was there and it was because we were all bowling and you asked
Ben to give you a tip and he's told you about the bringing the hand up and
touching the ear and the very next ball you rolled was a strike and we all were
like, Ben knows how to bowl and knows how to teach people how to bowl that.
Wow.
You're telling me I just had to touch my ears this whole time.
He's a teacher now, which is great, but I don't, I have never remembered that tip.
So he's probably not a good one.
I'm assuming you let go of the bowl, the bowl before touching your ear, because
otherwise that's going to smart, right?
Correct.
Yeah, correct.
That, that would hurt quite a bit.
No, you actually bowl best with a concussion.
So that's the, so actually my high game, I was on pain medication and wearing a
boot on my ankle because I had like fractured a bone in my foot, but my family
still decided that our outing that Saturday was going to be bowling.
No, exactly.
You can, you can do it.
I bet.
And I was like, yeah, okay.
So I like would waddle up and I bowled seven strikes in a row to start off the
game.
Hell yeah.
I don't remember it all exactly, but I do remember I left a couple open frames
there upsetting.
So the secret to good bowling is to be smacked off your tits.
Yep.
I think that's about right.
That's the takeaway for sure.
That is not what I found to be true.
Yeah.
My highest I ever bowled was a two Oh two.
I had to go to Instagram to look cause I was so proud of myself.
That's good.
That is good.
Yeah, that's really good.
My high game was two 47, but my previous high game was like 160.
So I've never bowled in between 160 and two 47.
That's crazy.
When I worked at the order, I picked up some, some tips from Jake that made me a
much better bowler and it made it really fun.
It's fun to be good at something fun to play it when you're good at it.
But he taught me how to do the like spinny curve throw game changer.
Plus it's way more fun to do it that way.
When you get the hang of it, that it does, it feels really good when you
get the spin thing working and you can just like throw the ball at the pans.
That's a good strategy.
As long as you knock them all down, you got to just touch your ear.
And that's what I've always said.
So, um, we, so Luke run it back for me.
Um, we went to the house.
We did.
Uh, what was the house called the house?
Yeah, we've talked about this while you were on the line.
The home who must be named the name of the scenario.
Bleak Oh, prospect.
Yes.
I yep.
Good.
Uh, I was just testing you guys to see that you remembered
that there was a name for it.
We went to prospect thing.
We passed.
Yeah.
Otherwise I would have refused to do the rest of the recap.
So we went to prospect, uh, after, before, before we went there though,
we, uh, the slugs escaped, right?
Kinda kind of.
Yeah.
We went back to the, um, not the, like the camp or whatever.
The Herbert town.
Yes.
Are they called Hoover towns?
Cause they suck.
I love vacuum humor.
And then we went to the house.
We did some sort of portal, uh, broke a fish tank.
There's a monkey.
Yeah.
This is going to be, I mean, I'm probably going to edit this out for sure,
especially because this will be in the same episode as what just happened.
Incredible.
We're coming in in the middle of an episode here,
but I think we'd left it that you just sort of finished everything that you
wanted to do in the laboratory.
And that your plan now was to go to the main house and see whether you could
find out what had happened to the kids.
Right.
I remember, if nothing else, that the kids were our next plan of attack.
Yeah, we're going to go attack those kids.
Well, it is now fully dark outside.
There is, however, some light because when you switched the generators on, you
switched on some lights within Prospect itself.
There isn't a lot of light coming out.
It's not like every light in the place is now blazing.
But there are a few.
Now, you're around the side of the building at the moment, so you're pretty much
equidistant from both the front and the back entrances.
With the new lights on, do we see any movement or signs of life within the house?
Yeah, there is a light on upstairs, a fairly faint one.
You don't see any movement, but the window, yeah, the window looks a bit weird from down
here. It looks like it's got perhaps some strangely colored curtains across it, some
very moist looking curtains.
I've seen a lot of acquaintance in my day, but none that look oh, is that you can tell
the thick and heavy with moisture?
Yeah, but are they thick and heavy like cloth is thick and heavy when it's got moisture
on it, or is it more thick and heavy?
Like he's an older gentleman.
Let's say he's got that like turkey neck thing going on.
So he just kind of grabs it as gobbler and he's like, oh, is it more like, and he just
starts kind of shaking around the like part by his Adam's apple, just kind of violently
making a kind of a wet slapping noise of the skin against his Adam's apple.
Uh, skin draperies?
I mean, the answer really is neither.
Oh, good.
Yeah, no, it doesn't quite seem to be those things.
I've seen a lot of a lot of skin in my in my time as a doctor.
That doesn't look like skin curtains to me.
I don't know why you would have floated that.
That's kind of an out there thing to kind of jump to the conclusion.
I'm kind of losing it a little bit, obviously.
What's your first name?
For some reason, I can't remember.
It's Doc out here, Doc, and it's hard to tell.
It's Nathaniel, you really can remember that?
Let me let me take a look at you.
Did you get hit?
Are you all right?
It feels like months have passed between the last moment we saw each other and now.
Yes, I wonder if I'll have the same accent.
It sounds better.
Okay, so if it's not my turkey neck that's hung up in the windows, then I feel a little bit safer going in there.
Doctor, now that you've told me that you've seen skin that ain't skin, then yeah.
Okay.
Are we going in the front of the back?
Because they might expect us in the back, because if we're supposed to be sneaky, then we would go in the back.
Right.
And they clearly know something's up because we turned on the power.
What about a window?
What's it about?
Yeah, God damn it.
I was doing you.
Yeah, a window.
Yeah, I think that's a good idea, Luke.
Why don't we look for a window down here?
Thank you.
One thing I was going to say, though, is Dr.
Coons can attempt to spot hidden role, actually, because unlike the others, you have a bit of medical knowledge that you can draw upon here that might help.
I will give it a shot.
I...
Oh, shit.
I don't pass.
It's a 27 on a 25.
You could spend two points of luck.
I ain't got no luck, boys.
That was one of the things that happened last session.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Shit.
Does that mean our...
You've reminded Scott.
...group luck roles are now at zero?
Yup.
Guess who's about to call for a luck role?
Well, I guess it doesn't matter if I spend some of my precious 13 points anymore, because it can't affect the group.
Can I help him with that role?
You can't.
With some of my luck, or...?
No, no, you can't.
But what I will say is that, and it's difficult to tell what you're looking at through that window upstairs, because there's condensation on the inside of the window, and there's definitely something obfuscating the view.
But, yeah, there's something about the color and the texture of what you're looking at in the window that is just tickling the back of your brain.
But you just can't get a good enough view to really work out what it is.
There's something up with what's going on in that window up there.
I don't think it's skin, but there's something odd about it.
It's tickling the back of my brain.
It's fucking kooky, that's for sure.
Look at the color of it.
I prefer not to.
I don't want to look at this thing at all.
I don't know if it's kookier or spookier, but I think we should be looking for a window that doesn't have these sort of abnormally wet...
These kooky, spooky curtains.
Yeah.
Exactly, exactly.
Maybe it's a fluky curtain, too, and there's more that don't have them.
Are there any windows on the bottom floor that don't have the spooky curtains?
Thanks, Luke.
There certainly are.
The windows are shuttered, but it wouldn't take much to pry the shutters away.
Yeah, if you head around the side of the building a little bit, you can see that there are a few windows at Grand Devil here that you could investigate.
Hey, guys, I found one.
OK, but like, do we even have a plan?
Get inside.
Yeah, but what happens when we get inside?
We save the kids, cue in on.
Explore, save the kids, get out.
What if we run into trouble?
We are the storm.
We made a portal already today, so we can do anything.
I like this guy's optimism.
We can't do anything we put our mind to, Doc.
You're absolutely right.
Let's let's get in there.
Let's save these fucking kids.
Let's find a goddamn window we can open.
I start trying to pry the boards off the window.
OK, well, it's not boarded up.
It's like I say, shutters, which have largely been put in place, but you don't really need to make a roll or anything.
There's a bit of creaking and grunting as you pull these rusted shutters away.
And there is some light on inside.
You can see that you're looking into a room.
Yeah, I mean, it's obviously a room, but the walls are covered with wallpaper or paint of some description that is glistening,
that it's sort of reddish purple and there's liquid trickling down it.
Maybe we see if another room in this house isn't quite so kooky and spooky.
This one seems to have a lot of the same vibes as that, the moist curtains.
Now, we already spent the volume, you know, when you're breaking into a house, you really want to only break in through one place.
That way, they, you know, if they hear you coming in through the first place, then they wouldn't be able to.
Fredrik, are you OK?
You're really?
Yeah, no, it's really early for you.
Let me let me help you up into the window.
And I like offer him my hands to step into.
Zach's tired, so if we just suggest thanks for his character, we can kind of we can kind of canary him through all these doors.
Here I go through the window.
OK, well, the window frame, you look at it, you don't think it's locked.
But when you try pushing the sash window up, there's resistance.
And as you do so, there's a sort of noise and there's something sort of wet and rubbery around the bottom of it that just pulls the window back down as you pull it up.
And just for a moment, you get a blast of warm, moist air come out that fogs in the cold air.
And there's a smell to it, maybe not an entirely repellent smell, but yeah, there's certainly some nasty undertones to it, but mostly it's is kind of warm and moist and meaty.
This goddamn house is fucking alive.
The squelching stuff that brought it back down is was it was it literally there?
If we had if we had a knife or something, could we could we could we cut it away?
Yeah, I mean, looking at it, I mean, it perhaps reminds you a little bit of kind of bubble gum, maybe.
Does does anybody have a knife?
We could we could we can get our way in here.
No, but my fingers are due for bubble gum.
This is just like some nasty smelling bubble gum that they're trying to keep the windows closed so that it's a weird sort of way.
I've never seen a house like this with a security system that uses bubble gum on the exterior of the interior of all the rooms to try to keep everything closed.
But I figure I could chew it away, probably.
Guys, two things.
One, I think we obviously let Freddie keep volunteering for all this all this dangerous shit.
But then to Freddie, I love your enthusiasm.
Maybe go back to your original plan of the hands, not just eating the bubble gum, because I don't think that's bubble gum.
But also, why don't you use my knife?
So Frederick Millen I takes the knife and will open up the window once more.
And as he slowly opens it up, he'll slide the blade just in between the window and the threshold and just kind of like, slide it along.
Slide is probably optimistic.
It is more hacking.
Ah, yes.
Well, Frederick Millen I is nothing if not optimistic.
I thought you were going to say a hack.
I thought you were too.
But yeah, with a bit of elbow grease, you can gouge away and there is fluid now bubbling down over the edge of the windowsill.
And inside the house, you can hear what sounds like a creaking, groaning sound coming from deep within.
And just for a moment, the wall shakes and trembles.
After you, Freddie.
I'm in.
As you cut the last of it away, you get the window up, you can climb in.
What I do want is not a CLIMB roll, but just the DEX roll, I think, just to see how gracefully you can do this.
Because what you realize as you're clambering through is everything inside is slippery as fuck.
Extreme success.
I rolled a 12 on a 65.
Fantastic.
Nice.
OK, then, yeah, despite the fact that you're coming in on what is a window ledge and then there's maybe a few bits jutting out of the floor that once upon a time were furniture,
but are now again covered with this pulsating pinkish purple stuff.
I mean, despite that, you've managed to land on your feet and not slip over the floor.
The floor is also covered with all of this, plus a few inches of fluid.
Yeah, it is incredibly slippery.
Hey, guys, it's like an ice skating rink in the air.
Now that you're inside and get a good look at all this.
You've got to be really careful.
I would like a sansi roll.
Oh, yeah, because you're in the meat house.
Sixty two on a sixty four.
OK, then, yeah, you don't lose any.
It's just a very wet, very squelchy, very slippery room.
Completely normal.
Thomas, Doc, Doc, Doc, Doc.
Can you hear anything from where you are?
Yeah, I can hear groaning coming from deep within the house.
Doesn't sound like missing children, but.
And then he just kind of shrugs his shoulders.
If you wanted to try to discern more than that, you could give me a listen roll.
Give me a second.
I'm going to try to discern more than that.
I rolled a sixty seven on a fifty, so that's a fail.
But he is going to like
he's going to try to slide across the room as quietly as possible to hear better,
because if he's further away from the three men and the outside, he might be able to hear better.
He pushes himself along the room.
Yeah, you can push the roll here.
I fail.
No.
Well, as you're pushing your way across the floor to try to find somewhere quieter away from the others,
you hit a bit of the floor, which it wasn't obvious because it's all covered with this
membranous whatever it is.
But there's a bit where you suddenly realize as you reach it that the wood underneath or the flooring underneath has rotted away.
And you work this out just as your foot goes straight through it with this sort of wet ripping sound.
And the next thing you know, you're up to your waist in the floor and desperately scrabbling, holding on,
trying to hold on to this as this wet, slippery surface as you are falling or slipping through this hole in the floor.
From down below you, you can smell this indescribable stench.
There are acid acrid vapors coming up, burning your eyes and this overpowering smell like
the worst septic tank you've ever smelt down below.
Oh, God.
Help, help, help, help, help, help, oh, God, oh, God, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys.
Guys, while we're still all outside, do we help him or do we just leave him here?
You're a doctor.
You've got to help him.
I've got to get in there.
I've got to get in there. Give me a boost.
Give me a boost.
You're a doctor, too.
Not that kind of doctor.
OK, so, yeah, you can push Dr.
Coombes in through the window.
Again, you know, if you're going to try to avoid just sliding around helplessly, I do want to DEX roll.
Sure.
I fail, fail.
Push it.
But I want, yeah.
When I get up, I get a hand on something firm and my hand just slips right off.
Oh, damn.
And I'm kind of, I'm kind of wiggling, rolling through.
And I'm going to try and restabilize myself by grabbing hold of the window frame and getting a better purchase on everything there.
Oh, OK.
And then I pass.
Oh, good.
Because otherwise that was going to set off a motherfucker of a chain reaction.
But, OK, yes, you managed to grab hold of something that, yeah, from the general shape of it, you think might be a chair.
And certainly your fingers go through a couple of things that you hope are wooden struts and not, say, ribs.
But, yeah, holding on to it, you managed to get yourself onto your feet.
You can see Freddy just about five feet away from you, just slowly slipping down this hole, his fingernails digging into this wet tissue, ripping holes in it.
But it's just so slippery.
He's just falling down in slow motion, inch by inch.
I want to try and anchor myself on the nearest solid object and reach for him.
It might be the frame of the window, if it's all.
If he's grabbing the frame of the window, I want to grab his arm from the outside.
OK, yeah, yeah, you can try to do that.
How tall up is, like, the window?
It's about three foot off the ground from within and about five foot off the ground from outside.
So I'm kind of reaching up and just trying to hold onto his hand.
OK, I think in order to give Freddy something to hold on to just because of the distance involved, the best thing you're going to be able to do is stick your leg out and hope that he can grab hold of your ankle.
Freddy, Freddy, grab on, grab on.
Then, yeah, I think Freddy can make a DEX roll here to see whether he can grab hold of Dr.
Coombes' ankle, because otherwise shit is going to get real.
Yes, 52 on a 65.
OK, yeah, you just managed to grab hold of the cuff of his rather frayed trousers and your fingers have got a firm grasp and you can just you can pull yourself up, you know, using it almost like a rope.
And there's this horrible, wet squelching sound as you're pulling yourself out of this hole and more of this hideous, hideous stench coming up.
Aw, look at my pants.
All right, let's let's get them both out of there, guys.
Carl, help me, help me pull them out.
I grab on to Thomas's waist and try to yank them out.
We got to go deeper.
When Freddy's close enough up onto me, I grab him up under the arms and kind of just tumble backwards out of the window with him.
Yeah, yeah. I mean, between you, you can get him back out through the window.
He is absolutely covered in just slime and bits of tissue and...
Not much different from his normal appearance.
Or me in seventh grade.
Dr. Coons, I think, can make an education roll here just to piece something together.
Pass, twenty four on an eighty.
So that's a that's the that's a good pass.
Yeah, that is what we call a good pass.
Yes.
It's the pass right before Easter.
So as Freddy's picking bits of this tissue off himself and you get a better look through the light that's coming out through the window.
Yeah, you can see there is something very much about this that reminds you of the lining of the large intestine.
Fellas, I don't I don't know how to how to say this.
Then maybe keep it to yourself.
We got to know.
This all looks it looks like it's it's it's the stuff that you use.
It's it's it's intestine.
It might have been trying to digest you in some way.
I don't I fucking knew it.
The house is alive.
It's a goddamn monster house written by Dan Harmon.
This is this is a lot bigger than we thought, boys.
Is there like a groundskeeping garage or home or anything?
Boys, here's what I think we got to do before we get back into the house is we got to put some hobnails on our boots.
So I literally just want to find nails to run through our shoes.
We're going to take our shoes off first, though, right?
Well, yeah, you're going to take the shoes off because you don't want to drive them through your feet.
Good point, Freddy.
OK, OK, thank you.
It's important to be clear when delineating a task.
So, yeah, you want to take your shoes off.
Step one, step two, you drive the nails through the bottom of the shoes.
Step three, you got sticky shoes.
I love it.
And then I think we could walk through this house with more ease.
What if we also become like, what would an intestine not like?
I could do some research on, but houses generally like to eat and then what they think is gross and then we become what is gross to them.
So it does not want to eat us.
Wait, wait, wait. Hold on, guys.
When when the body ingests something that is gross to it, it expels it.
So I don't think we want to be vomited out forcibly by this by this house.
So we want to be tasty?
I think we want to be I think we want to be as as as inconspicuous as possible.
Can a house be in devour?
This house is one hundred percent in devour.
We know it just tried to eat you.
You heard it groaning and creaking as it happened.
Come on.
This is a disgusting boar house.
Uh, Scott, the Good Friends of Jackson Elias podcast is a podcast about vore gaming in general.
Is that right?
Yeah, we wear our fetishes proud.
Hungry, hungry hippos really changed your life.
Oh, God.
So, yeah, if you're looking for nails to hammer through your shoes, if you poke around the
outside of the house a bit, you can find there are a couple of other outbuildings just
around the back. In fact, really just around the corner from where you are now that have
got all sorts of tools, a tool shed and a workshop that's obviously used for some
maintenance.
Rope?
Rope. Hmm.
I think this would be a good opportunity for a group luck roll.
Well, we can't.
Okay, Joe, come on.
Roll it.
Roll your luck, Joe.
You got it.
It's a, uh, oh, it's a eighty eight.
Oh, wait, you can still crit fail.
So there is some rope, but it is really badly rotted.
Do you think that it wouldn't stand any chance of supporting one of your weights?
Well, then it's a good thing there's a hose right here.
Yeah, I see it, too.
Yes, as long as that rubber hasn't perished, you'll be fine.
But we'll save the luck roll on that one for when you're actually in trouble.
Perfect. I was just picturing the four of us all tied together like ice, like mountain
climbers with the hobnails in our shoes, our lifeline, which is this crackly dry hose.
And then just like any random tools, I think, uh, would be necessary.
Yeah.
Hammers, saws, gasoline cutting implements in particular.
I think it'd be handy.
We could burn the house down.
I'd like to see if there's a very long, a flat bladed screwdriver.
Yeah.
I mean that there are going to be screwdrivers here.
I won't make you make a luck roll for that.
It's a workshop, there'll be screwdrivers.
As far as the gasoline's concerned, I mean, you do remember there were drums of diesel
out by the generator.
That's right.
I actually, I mean, Dr.
Rothstein would probably know this just through having worked with stuff like this
before.
If you're looking to set a fire, diesel is a really shit thing to use.
Yeah.
So I don't even mention it to the rest of the group.
If only we had some of that sweet, sweet, leaded gasoline around.
A cup a day keeps the doctor away.
That's a joke because leaded tastes sweet and there wasn't unleaded gasoline yet.
So, oh dude, that was fucking weird.
Yes, it was.
I knew Scott got it.
I just saw you guys like,
so now that you're all lashed together with perished hose and have nails through
your boots, what are you doing next?
Freddie, can you think back when you were being devoured, did you notice that was
there any place in that house that wasn't fleshy?
Was there any hardwoods anywhere?
You saw what I saw.
Just to give you some idea of what you saw just before you sort of started falling
through the floor, there were at least three other doors or at least three doors
rather in that room.
There was one that was ajar.
In fact, no, two of them were ajar, but two internal doors.
One of them seemed to go deeper within the house, possibly into a corridor.
And yeah, that looked almost as fleshy.
There was another door, which you reckon was just the back door leading outside.
We could just go through the back door.
Yeah.
I guess we could just open that door and look inside and see what we think.
Sounds a lot less life threatening than our first approach.
Uh, what order are we in and in our hose train?
Oh God, marching order, fuck sake.
Okay.
Well, someone's going to have to go in first.
It may as well be the one with foist in their name.
That's me.
I'm Frederick Mellon the foist.
Exactly.
I, uh, no objections.
But right now I feel more like Frederick Mellon the moist.
So just to be clear, you're going in through the back door.
You're, you're not going around the front.
Yeah.
I mean, opening up the back door again, isn't that difficult.
You do have to get the knife out and cut some of these strands of flesh away from
the door frame, but the door itself isn't locked.
And, you know, once again with a sort of squelching noise, you managed to pull it
open and yeah, inside you can see what do you now reckon must be the kitchen?
I mean, it's difficult to tell because, you know, every identifying bit of
furniture or surface or whatever is covered in flesh.
But as I said, there, there are two doors.
There's a sort of side door that looks like it may go to some steps down and then
there's another door that's going deeper into the house.
Yeah, actually, I mean, I forgot to do this for Dr.
Coombs earlier.
Now that the rest of you are there on the doorstep within the house, dealing with,
you know, everything, the sensory overload that this is providing.
I do want San rolls off the rest of you, everyone except for Freddy.
Three.
I failed a 40 on a 28.
I passed.
So is it just Dr.
Coombs who loses a D3 of San?
A two.
So I think what the way this evidence is an involuntary action is, as the group
of you are stepping in, Dr.
Coombs is just there hesitating on the doorstep with the frayed hose suddenly
getting pulled taut and creaking a bit.
You can see some of the cracks and getting that bit longer as he's just standing
there digging the nails of his shoes into this flesh.
I told you guys that I think this might be a digestive tract and you guys just want to
walk in.
Well, but it seemed like he was getting digested down there on the floor, right?
This would be the upper part of the body.
I mean, essentially all the body just exists to support digestion.
So, you know, we're basically just a tube from our mouth to our asshole, but.
That's what they taught us, correct?
Yeah, that's, that's what, that's what any doctor would tell you.
Day one in medical school.
Listen, I understand you had a traumatic experience the last time you went to this
property, but we got the nails in our shoes now.
And I step a couple of times into the, into the floor to see if I slip.
You don't see no more slipping, no more sliding.
We can maybe, unfortunately, I think we're going to have to go up to that fucking
creepy moist curtain and check out the light in that room.
But it seems like we have the tools to do that now without getting sucked in by the
floor. We got the hose.
We're all holding hands.
They're just like kernels of corn.
We just go straight through, uh, unbothered.
That's exactly right, doctor.
I live my life by three rules and three rules only.
Take chances, make mistakes, get messy.
And I, I, my three rules are live, laugh, and love.
And you got, it's just time to live, Dr.
Coombs. I love you.
We're going to laugh about this later.
We're going to laugh about this later.
So I, I, I, I, I, uh, corn.
Sure. We're like, we're like corn.
Yeah. We'll go on. That's the one that works for Tracer food.
Yeah, of course. I like that one.
Okay. And with that, you start heading in.
So you're going through into, yeah, this little
corridor that's got a door on the other side, uh, and then
seems to go round to your left.
I continue.
Yeah. If you're following the corridor around on your,
Oh, perfect.
Zach has changed his background.
Zoom background. Yeah.
To the magic school bus inside the human body.
Take chances, make mistakes, get messy.
I, as you're following the corridor around, the walls are
getting less flashy around here, but the carpet is still
very, very moist here.
There's still a kind of constant, as you're walking
across it and you come across and you can see, you know, in
the few lights that are coming around that to your left is
probably the ruins of an old conservatory round to the
right is the sort of main entrance with staircases up the
ruins, the front door and doorways to a couple of other
interior rooms.
Can we do another, like gauging the sound and everything, just
taking our surroundings one more time around here.
So if there's anything that's changed, another word for
deeper in.
Yeah. In fact, if each one of you wants to give me a, I'll
tell you what, I'll let you choose either a listener, a spot
hidden role, they'll tell you different things.
I'm taking a spot hidden and I failed a 35 on a 25.
Failed.
I got a nine on a spot hidden.
I did a hard success on a listen.
Okay.
So you pick up two different things.
What Thomas feels is, yeah, there is movement of the air in
the house.
Uh, for a moment you thought it was like a breeze coming in
through the front door, but it's not that, that the movement
of the air seems to change direction on a slow, regular
basis.
Like, like, um, like breath?
Hmm.
Something like that.
What, uh, what Freddie notices with his listen role is that,
yeah, it's like what you heard earlier.
There is a sound coming from upstairs, a sort of rasping,
groaning sound.
I mean, it's difficult to discern because it's so low.
Uh, it's almost infrasound.
It's rumbling through the house.
But you, you reckon it is originating upstairs.
I mean, I think we got to go upstairs to that flush curtain room.
If we've learned one thing, so when you enter a house and you
hear something upstairs, you got to go up to the bedroom and
kill the sleeping occupant, you got to go up to the bedroom and
kill the sleeping occupant.
Yes, exactly.
That's what tonight is tonight.
Do we, do we feel like that worked at will for us last time?
Is that, is that the, I thought this is, we're standing on there.
Okay, gotcha.
He's dead, isn't he?
Is this something like, uh, is this a saying that there is or, um, yeah.
Yeah.
Ah, I've not heard that one.
You're not from around here.
Don't worry about it.
Yes, I agree.
It's just like, what they say, kill the sleeping.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
Well, with, with, uh, with a song in your heart and murder on your mind,
you make your way up the stairs.
We got this guys.
Yeah.
Is your fiddle wet?
Yeah.
Can I give us Bardic inspiration?
Well, again, the carpet, the stairs going up is, is moist.
Uh, and when you get up to the landing, there are a few doors.
I mean, there's, you've got short corridors going off on other side, but you're fairly
certain, you know, off the back of the rolls you made earlier, that the main movement of
the air is coming through the double doors of what you assume is the master bedroom
directly in front of you.
All right.
On the backs of the rolls that we had earlier, I'm fairly certain that the air is
pushing in and out through these double doors, which is likely the master bedroom.
This is my whisper.
So we're all keeping our voices down.
We're going to all go in two by two, right?
Double doors.
It can fit two by two.
So I say we push in double doors wide open.
We can all, we can all just rest for that.
It's two doors, wide open, two doors, four men, one rush, doors down.
What would Neil put do is what I'm trying to say.
Die.
He was sleeping.
All right.
So we'll let's, um, let's rush in there.
Okay.
You rush in.
There is a single flickering light in the ceiling here.
It's not giving off much light and yeah, it keeps cutting out.
Obviously the moisture has got into the works and it's just flickering on and off.
But you can make out that there, again, the walls here are disturbingly fleshy.
It's not the same color.
It doesn't look like the same kind of tissue as you saw downstairs.
It's, it's something different.
It's pulsating.
There is on the far wall, this, well, I guess the only word for it is orifice, this
pulsating hole in the wall, this large hole, and you can see something
worm-like moving around inside it.
How big?
Huge.
I mean, like larger than any one of you.
Does it look like it's sticking out like a tongue or it's not sticking out
entirely, but yeah, now that your mind has made the connection with the
tongue, that is absolutely a tongue.
You see what I'm saying, boys?
Mouth to asshole.
That's all we are.
That's all this monster house is.
And I think, I think that is a good chance for another sand roll here,
particularly here at that point, you can hear this rumbling sound
coming out of the hole.
I got an 88.
I got a 94.
The rumbling sound coming out of the hole seems to be saying Rothstein.
Oh shit.
I'm fucking sorry, Carl.
Are you acquainted with this goddamn monster house?
Did anyone pass their sand roll?
Okay.
So each one of you loses a D6 of sand.
Oh my God.
I rolled a big old sixers.
I got a six as well.
I got a four.
And what about Freddie?
Oh, I passed.
I got a 19 on my sand check.
Oh, you passed.
So, so, so you still lose one.
Okay.
Okay.
For the two of you who lost six.
Can I have intelligence rolls please?
I failed that one.
Also a 65 on a 60.
I passed 37 on a 70.
Dr.
Coombes failed, so you failed your intelligence roll.
That's good.
You're not having a bad and madness.
Dr.
Rothstein on the other hand is, I think, you know, that makes sense.
Total sense.
I heard your name.
I think at that point, Dr.
Rothstein in blind panic runs, just runs out of the room.
Suddenly that rope that you've got is, well, rather the hose is stretched taut.
And well, we've already established you're not going to pass a group luck roll here.
So that's the point at which it just snaps.
This frayed rubber just, just snaps completely.
And the rest of you, as you stumble and fall as this jerks, just lose Rothstein
as he runs off somewhere within the house.
You don't see where he's gone.
From a role-playing perspective, we would definitely want to go after him.
But from a game, gamey perspective where we are trapped inside this
monster house that wants to eat us.
Uh, I don't know.
Yeah.
What's the answer there?
Cause I don't know.
Well, I don't want to say what I'm nevermind.
Fuck him.
I don't want to give Luke or the DM any ideas.
So I'm not going to continue my sentence.
Holy shit.
We got to get them boys.
Coombs, I think is, is distracted through all this by the fact that the mouth,
the wall tongue mouth has just spoken.
And he's going to kind of look wide-eyed at it and say, you, you can, you can, you
can talk, you can talk.
And the voice again, just that it takes a deep breath in that just moves all the
air suddenly quite fast through the room around you enough to ruffle your hair.
This time, it just says a bit louder.
Rothstein, help me.
How, how can, how can Rothstein help you?
We got it.
We got to get Carl back in here.
He, he could help.
It sounds like, well, I think you're doing a great job right now talking to the,
you know, whole house.
So like, uh, that's definitely, uh, Austin Hawks, right?
Like Sedgwick turned Hawks into a fucking house.
So let's, uh, keep talking to them, I guess.
And let's get some answers.
Are you, did you hear that house house mouth?
That's are you, are you Austin?
I'm less worried about if you're Austin Hawks and I'm more worried
about how we can help you.
That too.
Yep.
I'd like to know the answer to both, please.
But you're talking so slow.
I think we don't have time.
Maybe.
And again, it's after another deep breath.
It just goes Rothstein and this time the walls shake.
All right.
All right.
We'll get them.
We'll get them.
We'll get them.
Hang on.
Hang on.
Carl.
Okay.
Uh, can I have a luck roll for Dr.
Rothstein please?
A 94.
So I fail.
Okay.
So yeah, you basically at this stage, obviously just running off the memory
you had run back out through the way you came back in, but in your panic, you have
clearly forgotten about that hole in the floor.
Oh no.
Yes.
So you sort of come out of your, your fugue state.
Yeah.
As, as your foot just goes down through this hole and you're off balance, you've
gone down, you slammed your face down into this pulsating, warm flesh at the floor.
And again, you're in a very similar situation that Freddie was earlier of
just beginning to slip down this hole.
Down below, you can hear this, as well as this horrible smell, you can hear just
this dripping liquid and the sound of liquid moving around and you can give me
a listen roll as well, just to see whether you can pick up something else.
Fail.
33 on a 20.
No, you can, you can hear, you can hear it.
Like I say, liquid moving around.
Spend your luck.
Uh, not yet.
I'm not going to spend my luck yet.
Yeah.
Don't spend your luck while you're being eaten alive by the house.
Not for a listen roll.
On the other hand, I mean, you can hear that there is something else down there.
I mean, yeah, maybe if you just let yourself slide down a bit further, you
could push the roll and get a better listen.
Yep.
No, a 35 on a 20 this time.
Oh, okay.
Oh my God, you idiot.
I love you.
This makes me so happy.
So in the process of doing that, there is suddenly, I mean, you put your head
underneath and yeah, you do actually at that point hear what it is that you were
struggling to, which is just the sound of someone crying.
It sounds like a little girl crying somewhere inside, somewhere down below.
And, and yeah, I mean, as you strain your head down just to get a better, a better
lock on where she is, that's the point at which just the remaining bit of the floor
holding you up collapses and you fall down into darkness.
Yeah, this is a real Hannah Montana moment for me because I really wanted to know
what was down there, but I really didn't want Frederick Millen the first to fall
down there and I really got the best of both worlds out of this.
I, the whole time I'm like, I don't, I'm not familiar with Hannah Montana enough
to, I was like, you really brought it together at the end there.
And really at the, uh, with a story like this, it's not about, uh, how fast you get
there or what's waiting on the other side, but it's the climb.
I think this house needs a wrecking ball.
A party in the USA.
You can't knock down the worst big old vore house in Crawley.
Her godmother's Dolly Parton.
Okay.
I was wondering where we got to Dolly.
I was like, are we just saying things associated with musicians?
How am I the only one trying to pull over How can you have enough drowning out of the
