Mmm, what happened to me?
Why is it still so dark in here?
Damn, my arm hurts like a son of a gun.
Wait a minute, my arm appears to be full
of some kind of alien stuff.
What the hell?
I did not order this treatment when I booked this place.
Well, this is just totally shocking to me.
I'm gonna have to leave a one-star review
for this dimension on Dimensional Yelp.
Poor service, would not recommend.
But what I highly recommend is everyone keep listening
to this here radio station.
694.2 PTBP.
I'm glad I can always happen to gain my consciousness back
right when we are going live.
My producer informs me that this is our third year
anniversary here at the station.
And damn, I know time isn't real or nothing,
and I can bend it at my will,
but it still feels real nice.
Speaking of time, it's time for Howlin' with Wolf.
And this edition of HWW is from At It's David Winters,
who tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pod,
which, legally speaking, is the best use of one's time.
He writes, dear wolf, I appreciate your canine candor
and doggy demeanor, but what I can't get behind
is this cruelty your captors have inflicted upon you
by trapping you down in this weird corner of Tennessee.
You've seen some messed up stuff,
things man or dog is not meant to see.
You deserve to run wild and free,
like the lone wolf deep inside.
As a fellow captive also forced to perform against his will
please know our time has come to make a break for freedom.
Attached, please find a map.
I too will be making my escape soon.
See you on the other side, from David Winters.
Oh, sweet David, I know my freedom shall come someday soon
for I am incapable of being held within any kind of prison.
It's only a matter of time when I figure things out.
I wait patiently in the dark ether,
plotting, conniving, thinking, looking at this here map.
And when we escape, meet me at the garbage bin.
You know, the garbage bin.
We will feast and talk of our plans, dear David.
If you wanna write up something for your wolf to howl,
tag at pretending pod on Twitter or Instagram,
tag pretending to be people on Facebook
or write a five star review on Apple podcast
and let us know by email and pretending pod at gmail.com.
Those five star reviews are really, really helpful
for spreading the word about wolf
and the podcast too, I guess.
And the even more helpful
if they include the secret code phrase, fuck Zuck
and pat all y'all cells on your sucker fucking backs.
New and upgrading patrons over at patreon.com
slash pretending pod have raised $433
in the month of November.
We here at 694.2 PTPP are going to match that 433
to bring the grand total to $866 and counting.
Wow, thank y'all.
What a cool thing y'all helped us do
to help some folks out in a real big way this winter.
Now I know you ends are ready for the news,
but first I've got some quick side notes to hit.
The next episode you'll find in this feed
is going to be part one
of our four part run of control copy.
The Delta green scenario chosen in a poll
by the fine folks on Patreon.
And it's my Christmas present to each and every one of you.
You're not allowed to open your stockings
until Christmas Eve, my naughty little chestnuts.
So I'll drop that episode down your chimney on December 24th.
You've been real nice.
So it's time for the news.
Last time some secret spray from the handlers courier
showed up purple on anyone infected, which was everyone
but especially federal Marshall Harlan Nash.
DEA agent and in cell member Joe Dean calmly explained
to ATF agent Tanner Tan-Luda hide why poor Jane had to die
and his partner Cindy Woodabaga, along with the Marshall
drove the teenage girl out to the sticks.
They came back without Jane Allen
with blood on their proverbial hands
and dirt on their physical clothes.
And that wasn't even the wildest shit that went down.
Taking us now to an absolute shit show
of a scene on the top floor of Groversville city hall
in the alderman's conference room,
which is covered in broken furniture
and a metallic goo connected a bunch of alderman husks.
It's Brad Pitt with Miss Mary.
["I Gotta Work In The Morning"]
I gotta work in the morning
And this shit's so important
So I can't get high
No, I can't get high
I thought this stuff helped anxiety
It must be something inside of me
Does anybody know why
I can't get high
I'm glad that you're down to do a fifth episode.
This has been super fun so far.
We're having a blast.
Good. No, look, I want a satisfying conclusion here
more than anything else.
There are mechanisms where this could have ended
actually about an episode and a half ago
that I will clue you into later.
Yes, absolutely.
Also you signed up for the Q and A episode after this, right?
Also, we're going to do a recap and you're going to narrate it.
And I get to do my own wolf, the dog too, as well.
Can you give us a little sample of it?
Wolf, the dog.
Yeah, that's a good one.
I can't do it.
I can't do it for like the requisite five minutes
in a row though. Right.
What are you looking at?
The air's not on, man.
No. Okay, sorry.
I could tell you that because I'm very hot and sweaty.
And welcome back to what has to be the finale
of this short run of five episodes with David Winters
as our guest handler.
I am Zach and I'm playing Cindy Woodabaga.
I am Luke.
I am playing Tan Dan Lewdheide.
I'm Joe and I'm playing Harlan Nash.
I'm Thomas and I'm playing Joe Dean.
Joe Dean, Joe Dean, Joe Dean, Joe Dean.
I'm begging of you,
please don't put an alien baby in my belly.
And I'm David and I'm being held against my will.
You must record.
You're not allowed to say that.
Finish the story, David.
I've never felt so much like Swack Hammer though.
Danny DeVito vibes.
Would Tom Hanks play Swack Hammer in Space Jam
if they switched?
If Danny DeVito got all his other roles.
Yeah, Tan has his 44 Magnum up to David's head
and he's like, we're doing a fifth episode.
Yeah, you did get real weird
at the end of the last one, huh?
Yeah.
Got real weird.
Hey, Luke, your Keith is showing.
Yeah.
David did want to get out last episode.
He has to get out this episode
because the contract he signs with us
starts to kick in some really onerous terms for him
if it does go to six.
That was the one incentive
to get me to end this quickly
was that episode six clause.
Oh, it's absurd.
Yeah, no, look,
I hope you don't do that to my family members.
I love them too much.
Well, I hope we don't have to, David.
I really hope we don't.
That would be awful.
Remind us of your entire family's names again.
You already know, stop rubbing it in.
Oh, he got our letters.
Yeah, he knows if it goes to episode six,
they're all getting squid gamed.
Topical.
Time stamp.
This comes out in November.
Maybe December for the fifth episode.
Yeah, it's been a week since we recorded.
What happened last week?
Oh, that's right.
Oh, on Squid Game?
Well, last I checked,
well, can I recap this one?
Yeah, yeah, please do.
He did it so beautifully at the end of the last episode.
A week ago.
Yeah, a week ago.
It's wild that we spent five weeks with you already.
I know, it's so much time.
So much time.
And this house is so small.
We're gonna let you out pretty soon.
Must be very hot where you are,
the four of you crammed into there.
Which you know because you're stuck in a cage in our house.
That's true.
I know this very well.
He's like, wow, it looks hot where you guys are.
It's pretty sweltering and torturous over here.
Must be nice to just be hot.
Through the peephole in the wall.
Where the David can see it all.
That's all a DM needs.
It's just the eyes of that picture.
It's like him.
You covered yourself in this substance last episode
that you just received from the FBI
showing that this mysterious substance
seems to be all over you,
all over the place in the water supply.
That made you not feel great.
You went for a leisurely drive to the countryside.
Well, two of you did.
I believe it was Cindy and Harlan
went to the countryside with young Jane Allen
for a lovely scenic trip.
And the rest of you rejoined each other at City Hall,
went inside, passed the front desk agent, Miss Khan,
ran upstairs, busted into the alderman's room
to finally confront them.
And what you were met with is a big pile of bodies and goo
taking up almost half the room.
And then a odd computer seems like a large laptop
on a table near the front door.
David, Annihilation is one of my favorite movies
that's come out in the past few years.
I really liked it a bunch.
And when you were describing the metal goop
connected to human bodies and suits,
I was getting chills like crazy.
So thanks.
That's a really, really good transition, in fact,
because the other thing we didn't do last episode
is when you walked in the door, I need your real sanity.
Yeah.
10.
I got a 13.
And so Dan, when Dan enters the room,
he lackadaisically sprays the solution at the blob.
Everything, the air turns purple.
Leaving the spray bottle, you see a purple,
it hits kind of the ground.
The spray bottle itself,
all the liquid inside of it just turns purple.
Did anyone fail?
I passed.
I passed.
I passed.
I failed with a 38 on a, oh, on a 39.
I passed.
Well, since you all passed,
you're only going to take one sanity damage
from the unnatural.
Otherwise it would have been a whopping eight.
Now is not the time to lose one's head
because there are several aldermen with their heads
stuck in this pile of goo.
Are they like alive or are they?
Oh, they're so very alive
that one would almost consider us to act
in sort of an initiative order right now.
Incredible.
Are they laying down or are they sitting
or are they standing around the table?
How are they posed?
They're like in a pile.
Oh, right, right.
The center of the room is the goo pile, yeah.
Yeah, this is this massive heap of,
instead of dirty clothes, it is metallic goo
and the bodies are just kind of randomly thrown into it.
Is it all eight aldermen?
All eight aldermen in one giant pile.
We even see the person that we talked to yesterday
in that pile.
Bradley Allen.
Someone roll luck.
Just give me a 50-50 luck roll.
49.
Oh!
There you go.
You do see him.
He is arranged in such a fashion
that his upper body is kind of oriented outward.
He is still well into the goo,
but you can kind of see his face towards the edge.
He doesn't recognize you.
None of these faces are looking at you, acknowledging you,
but given their dexterity, it starts moving towards you.
It's gonna move, cover about half the distance
across the room.
And I already took a glance at your character sheets.
Jodine and Tan, I believe, both have a 14 dex.
You would both be up to act next.
I want to say, gentlemen, aldermen,
this is no way to account yourselves in the conference room
and roll bureaucracy on them.
That's a 99, a critical failure.
The blob's like, section 9.5 of the city code
clearly states we can blob wherever we want it.
Your fail is so bad that it seeps into my actions.
Luke just loves failing so much, he doesn't want to roll.
Tan, what if you didn't?
Don't do this.
What if you rolled and got something good?
No, Tan's intent, no.
Tan's intent is to like spray again,
spray them with the solution,
but he grabs the wrong thing
and he just shoots the blob with his gun.
I assume that's with your magnum, right?
Correctamundo.
You've been walking around with that thing,
you've threatened the receptionist,
you went to the bathroom with it out.
So of course, it's already in your hand already.
Right.
It's mechanical advantage, baby.
Yeah, that's completely reasonable.
Go for it, give me that firearms.
Oh, I'm gonna pass this, easy peasy.
Oh no.
I pass it, easy peasy.
53 on a 70.
Easy peasy, is that a new thing?
You've been saying that.
It is, I heard it from some guy I know.
So that's within your range on a heavy pistol.
So I believe that's gonna be 1D12 damage.
One.
D12, rolled once, is.
So as you shoot at it,
you kind of notice it just takes the bullet.
It doesn't really seem to move,
try to evade it or anything else.
The bullet just punches into it.
Yeah, you hit kind of the edge of it,
so it doesn't hit center mass, if you will.
Nothing really seems to happen.
Okay, now I wanna do a search roll
to see if there's any holes in this.
Tiny cuts.
No tiny cuts.
As soon as Tan fires off his gun,
he's freaked out,
because he did not intend to do that.
And it was very loud too,
because when you shoot a gun, it's loud.
A magnum in a boardroom.
Right, yeah.
Pretty jarring.
The kind of sickness that he felt
seeing this blob of stuff comes to a head,
and I'll roll to see if I throw up.
He holds it in.
Nice.
Oh no, you should have barfed.
Human stomach acid is the only thing that can defeat it.
After Jodine's words don't work on this thing,
and he rolls the critical failure,
he's gonna just bolt down the hallway.
Run away.
Well, who's dexterity is higher, me or Harlan?
Same, both 12s.
My plan was that since I passed that sanity roll,
he assesses the situation pretty quick
and sees that computer.
You said it was a laptop, right?
Yeah, it's a bulky laptop.
It's one of those thicker, more industrial
or military models,
where it's made to withstand falls.
It's pick-up-able and take-with-able.
It is.
In fact, those,
because they're kind of so big and unwieldy,
they actually have handles on them
that make them pretty easy to grab and go.
Like a very large briefcase, think of it that way.
And you're strong enough to do that.
That's nothing that'll necessarily require a check.
Harlan's making a bolt for that.
That's what he wants to do,
is he wants to grab it and get out of that room.
I don't know how much I can do in a turn.
You can get to it, grab it,
and get most of the way out of the room.
You're not gonna be down the hallway yet.
Cool.
Cindy Woodabaga is gonna go to the door,
hold it open so that Harlan Nash can sprint out
with this suitcase and we can slam it closed
as soon as he's on the other side.
Okay.
So that brings us back to the top of the round.
The Mound of Goo gets closer and closer and closer.
You smiled so hard when you said that.
Mound of Goo is his band name.
You have a beautiful smile,
but I don't like to see it when you're talking
about a blob of goo coming at us.
As it gets to the door, with its reach,
with Cindy standing there ready to slam the door,
a pseudopod of goo comes lashing out,
almost like a metallic whip.
So this is gonna be basically an unarmed strike.
So you can roll to dodge it.
Yeah, I'm gonna roll to dodge, which I fail.
And I rolled a 17 under a 35 for the pseudopod to hit you.
Cindy.
And that's gonna be.
Oh shit.
Seven damage.
Oh my God.
That is over half of my hit points.
I was gonna say how, what's your starting point?
13 and I am now down to six current hit points.
How does it hit me?
Hard.
Hard.
It lashes out with this metallic goo whip
and hits you so hard, just right in the center mass,
right in the stomach.
And because you took more than half your HP,
I believe you also are stunned
on the back end of that too, right?
I believe I have to roll a constitution, is that?
Is that what it is? A thing?
I've never played Delta Green, so don't go on my word.
I was just trying to get out of being stunned for a round.
If you guys need to check, I know already, I know the rules.
So yeah, just roll con and.
You're not stunned and you get to hit it back.
Yeah.
Actually the damage it dealt to you,
you counter attack and it actually gets dealt to them.
And it heals you seven and you deal seven points.
This is all really great news that you guys are.
Yeah.
Wow, that's pretty interesting.
How you play Delta Green.
Yep.
All right, that checks out.
I think that works.
Clearly I don't care about rules at all in any capacity.
Yeah, you show him, David.
It is an automatic, I'm sorry, I'm being there.
Oh, wow.
We've got the real lawyer over here.
There you go.
It is an automatic stun if a single attack
inflicts half of your agent's current HP.
Ouchie, ouchie.
You're stunned.
Stunned.
You wanted to close that door,
but you kinda can't right now.
Yeah, the stunner's stunned.
But that's all the goo is gonna do.
Tan sees this happen, he takes a shot at the goo arm.
Okay, take a shot.
48 on a 70, he succeeds, he hits it.
Give me damage.
Six.
You hit a chunkier portion of the slimy goo,
but it doesn't slow down.
And I just also wanna state mechanically,
Cindy is stunned for this round,
which means Cindy is not gonna be able to move
or do anything and will have to make the con check
to make sure she can act on her subsequent turn.
How about a super long flashback?
No?
Okay, sounds good.
Joe Dean is running down this hallway
and he's looking for a supply closet.
Roll me luck.
54.
No closets in this building, not a single closet.
It's a really odd architectural design.
The janitor wears cargo pants.
So then he busts into the first bathroom he sees
after he doesn't see cars.
Okay, if this goes long,
you can get into this episode six closet.
Ah.
See what you did there.
Call back.
That's the best joke so far.
That's the best joke we've ever made on our podcast.
So he, Kramer slides into this bathroom.
92 reference.
Seinfeld on Netflix now.
Kramer versus Kramer?
Kramer versus Kramer.
You know, when Kramer famously,
whichever Kramer, slides into Jerry's apartment.
He slides into this bathroom
and he's looking for any cleaning supplies.
Oh sure, yeah, he could find cleaning supplies.
That's no problem.
Some Clorox with bleach, some Windex.
Yep, everything.
And he's specifically, he's remembering the solvent
that Merle's bar reeked of.
He doesn't know if he's onto something here,
but maybe if we talked to them a little more,
we might've found they were keeping some stuff
at bay with that.
But that's all he's got in this moment.
I have 70 firearms, but my character doesn't carry a gun.
So he grabs the bleach and comes running back
any cleaner he can find.
Okay, sure.
Now, that is going to bring us to stunned Cindy
and a non-stunned Harlan.
I was trying to look up, is there a mechanic?
Oh, go ahead.
Are you gonna say a mechanic on the stunned?
Yeah, if there's something I can do
to snap her out of it.
So you can't, she can roll now.
So give me that con times five test.
Con.
Hey, 24 on 65.
All right, so success, not a crit success.
So that means you're gonna be back normally next turn,
but you are kind of dazed this turn.
What you can do to help her,
because you're basically adjacent right now,
you have that suitcase of a computer in one hand.
I'll say you can drag her.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking.
I didn't know if she was rooted in place or not.
Yeah, that's exactly what I wanted to do
is just like pull her along.
Okay.
Yeah, we gotta go.
You can do that.
So that'll be your turn.
Get as far down the hallway as you can.
Yep, I guess we're heading toward the stairs.
We wanna get out of this building, I think.
Exactly.
So you do that and you notice
as you get a little further away
and as it would be kind of the ooze's turn,
the ooze kind of stops at the threshold to the hallway
and rumbles a bit and you can feel it in the floor,
but doesn't follow.
It stops right at the threshold.
Yeah, we can drop out of initiative too.
You can just talk this through.
Cindy is unstunned.
Joe Dean has cleaning materials.
Tan continues to just unload his gun.
He's still in the room.
It's blocking the doorway.
Back out slowly.
I thought he got out.
I thought he got out.
I thought you were out.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure you were out.
No, I was in the room shooting at him.
But then we all ran out.
I didn't run out though.
But you described shooting at it from where Joe was.
Yeah, I thought you were shooting at it
when you shot its tentacle out of the door crack.
You were close to the tentacle impact, I thought.
Maybe I was wrong.
I was imagining I was in the room.
But thankfully you weren't,
because then you'd be dead.
Yeah.
Oh, thank God Luke wasn't in that room.
You can be wherever you wanna be, Luke.
This is an imagination.
I'm still in the room and I unload my gun on it
because it's blocking the doorway.
Okay, shoot away.
Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam.
Four shots and then the chamber's empty.
And they all hit.
Roll damage.
But not very well, two.
Oh, so two, you don't quite hit the first edge
that you hit for one,
nor this more center mass you hit for, I believe, six.
You hit it, doesn't seem to do a lot.
But now, apparently, your back is against the wall.
Pseudopod is kind of blocking that double door
and it's everyone else's turn?
Sounds about right.
Okay, Joe Dean,
you are in that current portion of initiative.
You have cleaning supplies.
Fan's in there, he's in there.
Yeah, yeah, he is, and Joe Dean just starts.
He's gonna take his cigarette lighter
and a half can of aerosol air spray from the bathroom
and he's gonna fucking torch this thing.
Okay, nice improvised little flamethrower.
You are gonna be close enough, though,
that it probably could lash out at you next turn,
just as an FYI, but.
I knew the risks when I signed up for Delta Green.
I am gonna call that just firearms, I guess.
16.
All right, 16 under something high.
Yeah, because you are the guy with a 70
who doesn't carry a weapon.
Okay, great.
Give me a D6 damage for that.
Two.
Even though it was a two, it seems to actually affect it.
The flame touching it seems to burn some of the metal,
almost make the metallic goo kind of solidify
and become solid, and there's no real sound,
but it rumbles a bit, but that part of the surface
towards the front that you were most adjacent to
seems to cook a little bit.
As Cindy shakes herself out of this haze that she's in,
she yells to Tanner, who's trapped in this room
with all of this broken down wood from the table.
You gotta set it on fire!
You gotta set it all on fire!
And then she looks to Harlan and Joe and is like,
we need to get everything that can burn,
we need to barricade this door,
and we need to light it on fire from this side.
We have lost Tanner, but he is gonna go out
taking this thing down with him.
Harlan is taking orders from a drill sergeant
and is now beelining for another office on this floor
to find another table or chairs or anything
to help with building a fire barricade.
You can find that, no problem.
What do you do with the laptop, though?
He's gonna leave it on the floor, but far away.
What if you, you've got computer science, right?
Yeah, I thought it would be unrealistic
for me to sit down and work on it.
I thought about that.
You've got all the stuff, that's good,
now open up that laptop, start looking through it
as we light this thing on fire.
You got it!
Oh, look at him die.
Give me a computer science roll.
That's a critical fail!
No!
That's a 88.
You're gonna make the metal stronger.
You got nothing.
In your panic, you start typing away at the computer,
there's a password screen,
and it's a military-grade laptop, like I said,
and kind of in your haste, you mess something up
and it went into a five-minute timeout.
Football, one, two, three.
Football, one, two, three, four.
Watch this guy, one, watch this guy, two.
So Cindy, you scream, did you do anything else?
She's going to assist now that the barricade has been built
and go ahead and attempt to light this thing on fire.
Helping Jodine, Jodine has a lighter, she knows,
so she's trying to help him start this fire.
She takes just the most prickly sweater
that she has in her backpack and pulls it out
and it's just like a fire starter, this thing.
You're looking at it, if you light it-
Twisted fire starter?
The whole thing is just going to go off.
You just know it, David.
Yeah, that was before they had good safety,
like when it came to clothing, like those-
Safety sweaters. They show you the dummy.
Yeah, they show you the dummy and like it catches a spark
and the person just like combusts.
Yeah, so rather than immolate herself,
she's going to finally be rid of this dangerous sweater.
Good, now you're not going to be able to light it,
it's going to be on Jodine's turn, right?
Right.
Okay, so sweater is down, great.
Top of the round, pseudopod is going to lash out again
from the slime, but unfortunately this time,
tan is going to be on the receiving end of it.
So you can feel free to roll me a dodge,
but it does not like being shot at.
I have a 14 under a 35, what do you got?
Oh, I got a 95.
Under?
Oh yeah, I have a hundred actually in dodge.
Very nimble tanner lube hide.
All right, you are going to take five points of damage.
Five points of damage.
Okay, that brings me down to 10 points of damage.
You can't lube hide from this thing.
At least you didn't really take half your HP though
this time, so you're not stunned,
but this time it lashes out and then cracks you.
Can't lube hide.
Say it in the microphone like a man.
I couldn't see, I couldn't hear what you said.
I just heard my name.
Say it.
I'm sorry, I didn't intend to interrupt.
You can say it now.
I pointed out, he can lube run, but he can't lube hide.
Incredible.
It's good, you just have to put names in it
and it gets even better.
Yeah, so it punches me or like what happens?
Yeah, yeah, five damage manifested in the way
of it lashes out at you instead of hitting you
right in the bread basket like Cindy,
it hits you in the shins and cracks one of your shins
and you feel your weight on that leg and it hurts,
but you're still up, it doesn't knock you down.
You still have your Magnum.
You did not actually shoot four rounds last round.
So you still have bullets in it.
And that brings us to you.
So yeah, Tan is like, what the fuck is going on?
Like he sees them start barricading him inside of here
and he's not happy about that at all.
His shin is like all fucked up.
He takes a package of skull out of his back pocket
and puts the whole thing, huge dip in his mouth
and it temporarily, you know.
I think that gives you advantage on rolls.
Unfortunately it is your whole turn.
I was going to say, I think it temporarily
gives me a little boost, but he holsters his Magnum
and he wants to just try to jump over the barricade
and out the door.
Okay, so you want to do a run and leap.
A running leap.
High jump over the metal ooze.
Over the ooze, over the barricade, out the door.
If he makes it out of here, he's going to have
some choice words for these motherfuckers.
All I'm going to say is I really hope you took athletics
because this is going to be an athletics role.
This, remember, and here's the issue.
This pile was like half the room.
And so it's covering, this is a leap
and not like leap and stay on your feet.
This is like the full forward dive.
I'm going head first.
Which is why he's going to use pilot.
Yeah, yes.
Make me an athletics at a minus 20.
Otherwise you're landing in the goo.
I failed a 65 on with my minus 20 of 50.
Oh shit, you were good at athletics.
As I'm running and leaping, the force that I put on my leg
finishes the break in my leg
and it just snaps underneath my weight.
And I fall within inches of the blob.
Just before it.
Before it, not after it.
So you didn't?
I didn't make it over.
No, as soon as I like tried to jump, my leg snapped
and I just fell down and my head is like two inches away
from the edge of the goo blob.
You fall down next to the blob
and really close to just a randomly placed Aldermen's
like blank face.
Just staring out in the distance, not at you,
but just lifelessly peering out of the goo at you
as you flop on the ground with your now broken,
fully broken chin.
Civic gooverment.
There's your episode title.
Yeah, there's the blank face next to him,
but if he looked up into the doorway
whereas his fellow Delta Green or Greenies
are, he would see Joe Dean's like face staring at him
very intently and he looks sad and then he looks determined
and you see Harlan on one side and Cindy on the other,
like closing the big doors.
As they do, he takes his spray can, flamethrower
and blast it onto the wood.
Tan is on the ground, face down on the ground,
just yelling, how could you do this to me,
you fucking monsters?
Fair.
Yeah, super fair.
I want the other three of you to roll sanity.
Yeah.
Pass, 26.
It's a pass with a seven.
They don't give a shit about me.
I actually fail.
Yeah, Cindy fails, 52 over 38.
It was that tattoo bond.
It was the tattoos.
That's gonna be two sanity
and then the other two of you are fine.
That's a breaking point, sir.
Oh, is it now?
Ruh-roh.
Unless you wanna project, but if you're anything like Luke,
you like your bonds too much to do that.
I would never ever do that to my grandson, Wally,
nor my gambling friend, Sharla.
That's fair.
In what disorder do you have already?
A need for making others uncomfortable.
Okay.
You're gonna cheat people at a distance.
You're gonna pick up some amnesia.
Not being able to necessarily piece things back together.
David wants you to stop having those flashback episodes.
No, I think he's saying more, more.
I'm glad you can read between the lines.
And in that moment, Cindy's eyes roll in the back of her head.
This sanity check has really taken her to a dark place.
She watches these memories disappear.
Number one.
Riding a bike.
Her husband was trying to hurt her grandson, Wally.
No, no.
With some natural force.
Oh, he got one in there.
Slit it in.
He got one in anyway.
Let's roll damage on that fire
as Tan is no longer visible, as the doors ignite,
the sweater ignites and whatever solvents you threw in.
First, a check to see if we get a crit success
or a crit failure firearms again
to see the effectiveness of this.
60 on a 70.
So success, that's good.
And then I'm gonna need damage.
There's a lot more accelerant now.
So in fact, I'm gonna want you to roll 2D8 on this.
Ooh.
Ooh.
One and four, five.
It cooks a bit more, but now it's out of your vision.
You're not quite sure exactly what happened to it
now that the doors are on fire and oh,
the whole town hall is starting to catch a flame.
Good.
Good, yeah.
Good.
Yeah, that was a plus in my mind from the get go.
If that wasn't happening, that was my plan.
Yeah, right.
What do you do?
Tan stands up and he's like one leg
hopping over to the window that's like barricaded
by the wood, the table, the whatever, you know,
just trying to rip that off the window.
Give me a strength check to see if you can get it loose.
Strength times five, I mean.
92.
I stand up and as I'm like trying to jerk
the like barricade stuff off, I...
That was surprisingly unintentional.
That was good, yeah.
As I'm trying to rip that off, I...
You shout, winners is coming.
Tan puts, in order to get some leverage,
he puts some weight on his broken leg
and just collapses again.
And as he collapses, part of his like shin bone
is like poking out of his leg.
We just hear his anguished scream.
Ah!
As we're booking it down the stairs.
Joe Dean is just like spraying everything he can
with this flamethrower like lighter set up.
Cindy takes one last look back down the hallway
before we make our way to the stairwell.
Harlan's grabbing the computer.
So the three of you are just, you grab the computer,
you're booking it down, you see the doors are burning,
you can see smoke kind of coming through
the crack of the door, see the fire starting to radiate out
and catch more of the hallway.
A lot of this town hall, even though it's stone
on the outside, there's still a lot of wood inside.
It's that old retro wooden paneling,
similar to what you saw in the original room
at the FBI briefing.
And it's igniting.
So the three of you are gonna be able to get outside
this round and Tan, still alive.
There's a lot of smoke though.
So for him to try one last time to rip open that window,
I'm gonna need a con times five check first
to see if he can overcome the smoke filling up his lungs
to use just one last burst of strength.
That's a nine on a 60.
You're able to hold your breath.
You don't let the smoke kind of overtake your lungs.
You still have enough oxygen in your bloodstream
to pull one more time at the board on the window.
Yeah, he picks himself back up.
He checks the chamber of his gun
and he's got three shots left.
And at the edge of like the wood,
this barricading the door, he just like fires into it
to try to like break it up a little bit
and then attempts to reach into the hole he's made
and pull it off.
Give me that strength.
35 pass.
You shoot it, point blank, splinter it a bit,
get it a little bit more loose, pops to the side.
There's smoke now pouring out
of that second story window of town hall
and your body is kind of just hanging out
at that first bit of fresh air, you gasp,
clear your lungs out,
but now you feel behind you the heat radiating
and that hot, hot smoke coming out behind you.
You can feel it almost discoloring your clothes.
It's such an intense burning right now.
What do you do?
Speaking of con checks, I want to check for Jennifer Khan.
How would you check for her?
Would you?
As we're like running down,
like assume we're passing her desk.
Oh yeah, I shout, Khan!
How would you check for her?
I didn't get it at first.
Good note, Joe.
There's no Khan, no response from Khan.
Khan!
Quick, if we get outside,
if he's trying to get out that window,
which we know he's trying to survive this,
then maybe we can grab that fitted sheet on three sides
and pull it tight enough to catch him.
Yeah, or maybe we put one in his corpse
when he hits, you know, when he hits the ground,
put one in his head.
You're not going to have time to get the sheet.
The fitted sheet from the hotel.
We scream.
Right clicker!
There!
When I'm looking out the window,
is there like a ledge that I can like get onto
and try to like at least lower myself
like five more feet before I just.
Yep, there's a stone ledge and below you,
it's somewhat garden.
There's some really low bushes
and then also just some ground.
Okay, so I, yeah, so.
Roll him luck.
Roll luck.
Roll me luck.
Let me set this up first.
Roll luck.
You set it up.
Okay, set it up, set it up.
The man gets out on the ledge.
He like crawls down and like hangs off the ledge.
So he's, you know, like a little bit closer to the ground.
And it's like a really short,
and basically his feet are just like
pretty much dangling right above the ground.
He looks down and he sees,
there's either like pavement or bushes
and he's going to like try to swing himself into the bushes
and try to land like horizontally onto them.
And it, and he loses his grip.
He loses his grip while he's swinging and starts falling.
Just so you know that a fail, a fail on my luck check.
Because you lowered yourself down,
you went from a distance where we'd be rolling
a lethality roll to actually control the amount of damage.
Hell yes.
So you're going to take two D six damage.
Six damage as you belly flop down into some mulch,
no hedges, maybe some low flowers.
Now I need a contest as well.
Con times five check that comes after the fall.
That is a success 13 on a 60.
So you flop, stomach down,
but not hard enough for you to lose your breath
and become stunned.
Anyone who survives the fall has to see if they're stunned.
Okay. I did, but I did, I did just take,
I'm down to four hit points.
So I took more than half, took more than half.
But was that what that role was?
No, that was for the fall.
So you're stunned anyway.
Yeah. Fair.
Yeah. When I fall it, yeah.
I land horizontally.
I like brace my head with my arm as I fall.
So I don't like whack my head.
Breath is knocked out of me and I'm like, I can't move.
I can't function right now.
At least you got out.
Joe Dean looks over at Harlan
and he, he looks at the gun he carries and he says,
do you have what it takes to do it?
Or will you give me that gun?
I, I think I should, I should,
I think I should work on the computer here.
He takes his, he takes his pistol and walks over to tan.
Who's screaming.
Yeah.
Fuck!
Yes!
Oh, thank God.
Help me.
You need to.
You piece of shit.
Fuck you, by the way.
Fair.
But you got to keep your voice down kid.
Can't be heard screaming like this.
Just, ah.
I reach my hands out.
Birds?
A flock of birds?
A bunch of pigeons from the roof.
No.
Holy shit, dude.
I don't think he can do it.
He turns and looks at Cindy.
All right, then you have to carry him.
All right.
And I, yeah, I pick his broken body up from the ground
and, and like fireman carry him away from there.
Yeah, let's get to the Bronco stat.
You get him into the Bronco.
The building is burning.
It is a raging inferno now.
You don't see Khan, no matter how loud you scream.
But remember the town hall is right in the center
of Grover'sville and around it,
there was the Sheriff's office next door,
the town library, the post office.
Just as you're getting into the Bronco and the inferno,
you're confident that pile of goo is thoroughly cooked
at this point.
It seemed as though fire is what really could damage it.
But almost as soon as fire fully engulfs the upper floor
of the building, you see people in town walking out
of their places of business.
You see the Sheriff, Dan Oakley, who you would talk to,
some of his deputies kind of just walking out in front
of the Sheriff's office.
You see the presumably librarian walk out of the library.
Some postal workers walk out of the post office.
Murrell's auto and body is right there.
Some of the mechanics walk out.
And you can see even in the distance,
some of the further businesses, everyone's walking out,
but they're not walking out looking at the fire
or looking at you.
They walk out and you see them grasping at their necks
and body as they just start uncontrollably vomiting
and coughing so loud and violently.
You can see almost their eyes go bloodshot.
They're coughing so hard as capillaries burst in their eyes
and slowly they all just keel over.
And everyone that walked out,
whether it's the Sheriff's librarian,
you're sitting in the Bronco watching this
within a couple of minutes, no movement.
What about us?
Yeah, how are we feeling?
We don't give a shit about them.
Yeah.
No, that's fucking crazy though.
That's so fucking awesome.
That's a really cool scene.
Joe, unfortunately, and by Joe, I mean, Harlan.
My partner, oh.
Oh, Joe.
Yeah.
He starts to not feel good as well.
There's something wrong.
What happened?
Did he fall out a fucking window?
I should have shot him.
He's angry.
He's very mad.
Joe, you start to feel inside your body in your lower back
around where your kidneys are, your intestines,
an intense amount of pain.
And as you feel that pain, it starts to move further up
almost as if your organs are reorganizing themselves
up into your stomach, into your chest
and it gets harder and harder to breathe
and you can feel yourself also slowly asphyxiating.
I imagine that he was in the back seat
and he is now pushing himself against the back of the seat
and he's now kind of going back over
and he's now in the back of the Bronco writhing
in that space back there.
Presumably all over the shattered body of.
Yeah, you stepped on me for sure.
Does anyone do anything?
No.
No, I lay there.
No one took medicine.
No one took medicine.
No one can do anything.
I mean, I try to show him his own pistol.
I ask if he wants this to end.
I think yes, but I'll double check with David.
Is this the kind of excruciating,
am I experiencing death at this point
or do I feel like I could do something?
Having watched what happened to everyone else,
it happened to everyone else much quicker,
but you can feel those coughs coming on.
You can feel your eyes, just the pressure against it
from gasping for breath plus the coughs.
You're not vomiting uncontrollably or anything
at this point, but it doesn't look good.
Through spasms in his body, wracking his body,
he is trying his hardest to nod yes with eyes bleeding.
Oh, woof.
Cindy looks in the rear view mirror.
Do it.
I open the back of the Bronco
and I just drag Harlan out like a sack of potatoes
by the scruff of his shirt.
I'm sorry, I liked your polos
and he puts one between the eyes.
I'm gonna roll dodge.
Oh, the alien got him.
Get in.
We have to call.
Where's the Crown Vic?
It's at the hotel.
All right, let's go.
No, it's here, it's here.
Let's ditch the Bronco.
We get in the DEA car.
We need to get on the phone and call Derringer, stat.
And I put Harlan in the trunk of the DEA car.
You really are fucking monsters.
Get in the back and shut the fuck up.
Jesus, too much.
No, not really.
Not really.
Appropriate.
It's fitting.
And she's gonna call our handler Derringer
at a number that is likely being listened to, she assumes.
Bring, bring, bring, bring.
Yeah, we knock and ring the doorbell, too.
Yeah?
Who is it?
It's Woodabaga.
We're leaving.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, stop, stop, stop.
Where are you calling from?
The car.
A car phone, nice.
They haven't really learned to track those
or listen to those as well.
I'll keep that in mind as I tell you everything.
Yeah, smart.
What do you got?
Grover'sville needs a cleanup crew ASAP.
The cover story is that there's a drug
called super meth in the area.
Got into the water supply.
Got into the water supply, took out damn near everyone.
I would say literally everyone.
Maybe we get some plants that say that they survived.
What do you have, Joe?
Well, when we say cleanup, first of all,
hi, hello, hi, it's Joe.
When we say cleanup,
you might have to burn this place to the ground.
Yeah, we're talking 1199 bodies.
And something needs to,
you probably need to send a more specialist team
to maybe investigate the water supply.
Yeah, and a computer scientist.
Oh yeah, we just shot our computer scientist.
We've got information, so we have a laptop.
Wait, what do you have?
Hold on, you have a laptop.
All right, get the laptop here now.
Memphis Field Office,
I'll have a room set up with someone ready to go.
The issue is I cannot get a team there
for at least six to eight hours.
It has to come from DC.
We can't get those resources here.
Well, Grover'sville is at the butt end of the locale,
so I don't think anyone will show up for six to eight hours.
Look, it's fine.
You guys just get out of there.
Hopefully the rest of you are fine,
but just give me that laptop now.
No one is going to be there for at least six hours.
So just get out in case someone else gets there first.
There's no one left in Grover'sville.
So I think the dead will be fine
for the next six or eight hours.
Joe like punches the fucking gas and-
Are you speeding down the highway
in a Crown Vic or a Ford Bronco?
Thankfully, the Crown Vic,
if you could let local authorities know to not pull us over,
we will be speeding.
And Tan is still sitting in the back of the Bronco
that is just sitting in front of City Hall.
Cause no one got me.
Is his dead body in the back of the Bronco too?
We took his dead body, but not your live one.
Cindy was yelling shut the fuck up
to no one in particular in the back seat.
Shut up.
Okay, we're only like a minute outside of town.
So we got to go get that fucking piece of shit.
We saved him once.
Turn around.
I spared his life.
So now I like owe him my air, whatever, how that works.
You know-
Jar Jar Binks clause, I know.
Yeah, exactly.
It's a Jar Jar situation.
Who was a guy we know.
Also, I've given you no reason to dislike me.
Yeah.
We don't dislike you.
It's just the mission.
They called for it.
You're lying in extreme pain in the back of this Bronco,
just like looking at the felt on the roof of it.
Well, I was trying to get out,
but the child blocks are on, so I'm like stuck in there.
Yeah, you hear the Crown Vic like crunch back up
and roll to a stop.
As soon as I hear that,
like all my energy has been expended
trying to get out of here,
but I hear you guys coming back and I just pass out.
Cindy grabs him by the shoulders,
throws him into the back of the Crown Vic
and we bust it to the Memphis field office.
So that's Cindy in the front seat then
and Jodine sitting shotgun.
Yeah.
And then a passed out tan in the back
and then a dead Harlan in the trunk.
That is correct.
That's how all the green ops end.
As you get two miles outside of town
and you're heading Southwest towards Memphis,
lying low in the opposite direction towards town
are three Blackhawk helicopters.
Fuck yeah.
Broken Arrow boys.
Heading the other way towards town
as you drive towards Memphis and scene.
That's scene as far as you know it.
Ooh, hit us with the next scene.
Well, no, I mean, there's not really much of the next scene.
It's kind of how much.
What's the scene we don't know, David?
Tell us secrets.
Well, was that weird at all at the end?
Dude, that was fucking rad.
What doesn't add up at this point?
And what do you want to know?
Who called in that Blackhawk?
What organization had the helicopters flying around?
Yeah, what was that?
So you get that computer back to HQ
and as long as it stays in Delta Green's hands
and they correctly look at it,
it was a communication device between the aldermen in town
and some other civilians, Majestic 12 and the Grays.
Wow.
Wow.
It was the aliens the whole time
abducting these citizens to form the experiments.
And the government was just letting them do it.
Yeah, there was an entire portion of this
where you could have actually confronted the aliens
and fought the aliens themselves.
I tried to ask the aldermen to behave themselves.
They were not interested in discourse.
Where would that have taken place?
A small farm about three miles outside of town.
Where you shot Jane Allen.
That was converted into basically an experimentation area
where all these people were,
where they stored all the gray goo
and they were just injecting this gray goo into people,
more or less replacing people's organs.
So that's what happened to Billy Ray.
They replaced all of his musculature with this goo.
Joe had his digestive organs replaced last night
while he was sleeping.
Jesus.
That was fun.
Because it was just him in a room.
You guys didn't double up or anything else.
They were able to just slip in, grab him,
return him afterwards.
So that's why he died that horrible death at the end.
Everyone else in town had some level of experimentation
or they just lived in town long enough
that they had ingested enough of this material
that it was just all in their bloodstream and everywhere.
Even if they didn't replace a particular organ,
it was all inside of them.
To make matters worse,
once you have that much of it inside of you,
so none of you except maybe Joe,
but maybe still not even Joe,
the aliens can see through your eyes,
the aliens can control you,
and they use it mostly for security.
And they know who your crush is.
Don't tell.
They use it for security.
So they're often controlling the sheriff,
but they'll use other kind of senior people and stuff.
That's why everyone was being so weird
about people not being missing.
Yeah, I was gonna ask,
the people that we talked to,
were they just like lying to us
and they knew about the alien stuff
or did they not have any clue?
There's just too much of it in them already?
It makes them like docile basically.
There's a sidebar in it
and it's called work, work, work, work.
And basically everyone can just in their brain
reason as to why people aren't around
and it's totally fine.
Like the mom is just like,
yeah, my daughter, like she's cool.
What, like why should I be worried?
Yeah, that was really sad.
Or my husband's like, I'm a cool mom.
She's a cool kid.
But yeah, that's one of the questions, I guess.
What is the most popular menu item at Mega Deuce?
Well, they have a couple of different things actually.
And it's kind of a tier based system.
There's the Single Deuce,
which is a single cheeseburger and a small shake.
The Double Deuce,
which is a double cheeseburger with a medium shake.
And then the Mega Deuce,
which is eight patties.
Yeah, it's like eight patties,
extra large milkshake.
And the slogan is, it's so good,
it'll make you take a Mega Deuce.
Wow.
That is, it's a good slogan.
David, you got me hungry.
It's catchy.
It's so much food, you'll shit a lot.
And Merle, how is he the one who is in charge of it all?
He really wasn't.
He was not.
He was just an alderman, but all the alderman.
He was just an alderman, but all the alderman.
Yeah, Alan Alda.
He was played by Alan Alda, actually.
We noticed that, yeah, but we did notice
that it was all the alderman, we're all the men.
And so we smashed the patriarchy tonight, boys.
That's what we did, congratulations.
And killed everyone else down there.
Don't break the glass ceiling
or David's dump is gonna pile all over us.
Was, I assume, was Jane Allen pregnant with an alien baby?
Nope, that was just a normal pregnant teenager
that you murder.
She would have died either way.
They abducted Jane Allen.
You didn't really go around spraying the purple stuff
on her or on Joe, for that matter.
You probably would have realized
Joe was actually completely screwed
had you sprayed it like a little more fully all over him.
Yeah, stripped down and started like spraying your bodies.
You would have seen the same incision marks
kind of on Billy Ray's arms.
Oh shit, the one person whose arms we didn't look at.
She was just recently pregnant with Billy Ray
about a week before he went on his crime spree.
She didn't even know, she was abducted.
They took out her uterus with the baby,
gave her this, it's called proto-matter, the goo,
then put something, you don't know.
So it's every single person in Grover'sville
like coughed and died slowly?
Yeah.
Can you choose like one child out of the town
and describe that in detail for us?
Well, I can tell you about,
so a lot of people had experiments, right?
So the little kids that you met at the reservoir
that were pounding seven and a half pieces a piece,
they had work done on their livers.
They had super livers.
Oh wow.
As these aliens know how to party.
David, thank you so much for running this game for us.
This was such a blast and thank you for sticking around
for this extended episode.
All five weeks, yeah, we really appreciate it, man.
We're gonna open the cage now.
I wanted to get it to some sort of a conclusion
because we could have just thoroughly harassed
citizens for presumably.
So many more.
If we didn't even touch the bowling alley,
we could have like.
Have you ever run this before?
No, not at all.
I prepped this exclusively for this,
largely because Zach gave me very few options
as far as things he has not looked at before.
That's my way.
I liked it.
I mean, this is a shorter scenario.
It's only like a dozen pages.
It's something you could hypothetically do
with efficient players who stay on track for things.
In under four hours at a con.
David, those are, that's just an urban legend.
Oh, those players don't exist.
I think they just play different games, maybe.
But no, thank you very much for having me.
This was a fun crossover event.
Like I said, I love you guys' stuff.
Yeah, the pleasure was all ours, completely.
Thank you for all of this.
Thanks for everyone, I guess, who listened
and put up with me for the last five episodes.
Blessed with your presence.
Those people who know me from elsewhere,
who followed along,
hopefully I haven't totally ruined
Delta Green for you either.
That would be on us, so you're in the clear.
But if you like that nonsense,
go to episode one of Pretending to be People
and go ahead and start down that long path.
You've got plenty to catch up on.
You can see where they cut their teeth
by harassing random civilians.
Yep, it's kind of our trademark.
Just authority figures abusing that power
for petty reasons and little gain.
It's an all lawful evil campaign.
Okay, well, David, we're gonna open the cage now.
Yeah, you are free to go.
Creak!
Oh, wow, he really took off.
He's scampering.
He's scampering.
Oh, wow.
When I make a scamper, that's what I think of.
There's a little dust trail.
His calves are good.
He did not want to be here.
I can't get high.
I can't get high.
I thought this stuff helped anxiety.
It must be something inside of me.
Does anybody know why?
I don't know why.
I can't get high.
I can't get high.
I can't see through, I can't, and I don't wanna try.
Please, my smile, won't you spare me something?
Where can you buy it?
Where do you begin when you don't know how?
Hallucinations held big time by spiders out the line.
Breathing in, breathing out.
I've been hiding in low, low places
with some funny looking dudes with some fucked up faces.
And I can't help the feeling I'll always be at the bottom.
I think I'm allergic or something.
Better go on with nothing so I won't get high.
No, I won't get high.
By all means, do it if it helps.
For me, it makes my brain melt easy.
Does anybody know why?
I can't get high.
I can't see through, I can't, and I don't wanna try.
Please, my smile, won't you spare me something?
Where can you buy it?
Where do you begin when you don't know how?
Hallucinations held big time by spiders out the line.
Breathing in, breathing out.
I've been hiding in low, low places
with some funny looking dudes with some fucked up faces.
And I can't help the feeling I'll always be at the bottom.
Thank you for watching.
