Howdy, my friends and foes.
It's the titan of Tennessee, Wolf the dog.
And I am coming at you live from Groversville?
Now how the fuck did I end up here?
Wolf, dammit.
I guess I'll still do my best to give y'all
a wonderful show here at 694.2 PTBP.
This barn smells like shit,
but not that good kind of stank.
That bad stank.
Something weird is going on around here.
Anyway, this week's Howlin' with Wolf
is from at necro wang on Twitter,
who tweeted about the show and tagged at pretending pod,
which is a rad thing to do regardless
of if you have a necro wang, a bio wang,
or any sort of wang in between, they write.
Hello, Wolf the dog.
How are you today?
It's a true honor for you to read my words on your show.
May I take this moment to speak with you,
oh magnificent beast of the festering heap
about the king in yellow and his most radiant church.
Our king has feelings, Wolf.
He's happy when we're happy and sad when we're suffering.
He wants us to talk to him through prayer and through plays.
And he wants to talk back and stand before us.
So, my sewer surfing and delightfully grimy friend,
may I invite you to our king's gala,
yours truly, servant of our king in yellow,
Layered Christopher at necro wang on Twitter.
Well, Lord Christopher, servant of the king in yellow,
I'm sorry to say that my heart and soul
already belong to another.
They provide warmth when I am clammy.
They provide the densest of creams.
They devour those who would speak ill of them.
And they got a real cool radio show.
It's me, I'm my own god.
Suck it, king in yellow.
It's wolf in Greece for me, baby.
And hey, guess what?
If you want to write up something
for your Tennessean wolf to how, it's real simple.
Just tag at pretending pod on Twitter or Instagram.
It's as easy as that.
Or you can write up a five star review on Apple podcast
and send a screenshot to pretendingpod at gmail.com.
Easy, pleasey.
Or you can tag us on Facebook, I guess, if you have to.
And if you got sloppy wet mitts like me
and you hate trying to type handles on the internet,
release those worries, babies.
I put links to every single succulent smidgen
of our saucy socials in the super secret show notes.
Bet you can't find them.
Bet you can't click on them.
Ahem, Merriam-Webster defines a segue as
a transition made without pause or interruption.
And don't mind if I do because it's time for the news.
Last week here at 694.2 PTBP,
we released our second of two season one wrap up episodes
wherein we finished answering every single question
sent in by you, our lewd and lovely listeners.
But this week is going to be the start
of something new and horrible.
I am pleased to announce the coming of a guest handler.
After all, guests should be taken care of,
especially when they are named David Winters.
And Wolf does not simply introduce a new friend
without also introducing a brand spanking new tune.
So swallow your spit and prepare you for something scary.
This one is Brat Pit with Miss Merri.
["I Gotta Work In The Morning"]
What's up everybody, it's Zach.
I am here with Pretending To Be People.
We are starting a new one shot.
We are playing a scenario of a little game
called Delta Green and we are here with a guest handler.
That's right, we are here with a guest handler.
He is the rules lawyer on the Glass Cannon Network's
Androids and Aliens, a Starfinder podcast.
He is the dungeon master of New Game Who Dis,
Dungeon Crawl Classics on the Glass Cannon Network.
He is David Winters.
Hello, David.
Hello, hello, thank you for having me.
Thanks for coming on, man.
We're really looking forward to having you here.
We are really excited because for the first time
in our podcast history, we will be playing Delta Green.
Yeah.
Oh, funny how that happens, finally.
We're gonna see if we like it.
Yeah, we thought we'd try it out.
So it's up to you to convince us to enjoy this game.
That's not too much on your shoulders there, is it David?
No, not at all, but like I said pre-show,
I don't plan on there being much rules lawyering
from my direction at least
because I don't know the rules either.
So we're all just gonna.
Perfect.
Well, I think we're just gonna make this up as we go.
To at least one or two episodes of our show before this.
So you know what you're walking into.
More than one or two episodes.
I've made it kind of past the point of no return
on your show.
And in fact, your show is actually the only actual play show
outside of the GCN shows that I listened to.
Hell yeah, dude.
Yeah, this was a great connection.
And so when you pinged me and you're like,
hey, we should do this.
I was like, hell yeah.
Cause for the most part, when people ping me,
I say, hell no.
Very, very happy to be here.
We're glad you're here.
Yeah, this is exciting.
For those of you who are listening,
who don't know who we are,
if you came for David Winters,
we're just gonna let that one slide.
Okay, and then you don't know who we are.
And I'm Zach.
I am the normal handler of pretending to be people.
And I am here with three of my best friends
in the whole world,
who I get to spend time with role-playing, yay.
I'm Joe.
There it is.
Yeah, I'm Luke.
I'm like the serious one.
Yup.
The rules kind of pushing everybody through.
Yeah.
Good things.
Get that plot moving.
Flowing, you know.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm Thomas, I'm the dumb one.
We've all found our niche.
David, do you wanna tell us what scenario we're playing?
No.
Okay, sounds good.
And so we're playing a Delta Green scenario
that you'll find out what it is later.
No, I'll tell you, I'll tell you.
But you guys can't go researching this in between shows.
Research?
So that's, yeah, well, sorry.
That's really only a risk for like,
yeah, one of us, maybe.
Reading?
That's fair.
That's a very, very fair point.
I guess maybe I'm giving a little bit too much credit.
But Zach and I actually went through several iterations
of possible scenarios until we finally found one
that he was not familiar with in at least some capacity.
And at least according to him, the rest of you all,
you know, you said you can just run whatever.
They don't really research.
If Zach doesn't know it, there is no way that I know it.
Exactly.
He was very demeaning when it came to
describing your level of familiarity
with Delta Green scenarios.
But that's neither here nor there.
Speaking truth with love.
Well, I mean, you dove so into Delta Green
when we first started, you read all these scenarios
and you're like, I'm not gonna run any of them.
I'm immediately gonna start writing my own cool shit.
And so you ran us through that at home for a couple of years
and then we started recording that.
But yeah, basically we never wanted to spoil the surprise.
Which was rad.
We're all in it for the surprise, yeah.
Yeah, totally.
And you wrote a great 40 episode story.
I did, I wrote a great 40 episode story for season one.
113 episodes.
And so if you haven't checked this out, you can go back.
We have 113 episode long season one
that tells one continuous story
of a small town called Contention.
And then we also have one other short little game,
a little bonus in which we play
Call of Cthulhu's Bleak Prospect.
And we actually had the author run that game for us.
So Scott Dorward, the guy who wrote Bleak Prospect
came on and ran us through Bleak Prospect,
which was an excellent time,
which also tied into Glass Cannon
cause they ended up running Bleak Prospect as well
on new game Houdis.
So it was really fun hearing another group
play through a scenario in a completely different way.
They played it way different than we played it.
Oh, did Scott run you through that one?
Oh, no, they had their DM, their GM, Troy.
I'm totally kidding.
Oh.
I'm being caddies.
Oh, oh, oh.
Well, speaking of Call of Cthulhu though,
getting back to your original question,
what we're gonna be running through
is actually from the original source book
that came out in the mid nineties
before Delta Green was even a system.
You know, the original source book
to basically modernize Call of Cthulhu.
And this came out in the mid nineties, I think.
So this scenario actually takes place even before that.
We're in like the early nineties
and the scenario is called Convergence
and it takes place in a little town in Tennessee.
But the great thing about this though.
Shit, we actually all read that one.
Yeah, we're very familiar with this.
Oh, fuck dude.
Oh, shit.
Oops.
Convergence, contention.
It's basically a one-to-one rip off.
I'm a tenofile, so anything related to the state.
This is part of being professionals though,
is really just walling that off and playing it fresh.
And I know you're capable of it,
but no, I was gonna say,
Shane Ivey actually was really generous in this case
because they just ran their Kickstarter
for the next dozen Delta Green books that are coming out.
This is being reprinted in one of those early books.
This is one of the lowest stretch goals.
It was like their $70,000 stretch goal.
And he was nice enough to send over the draft
of the new version of it this week.
Cool.
Very cool.
You hear that listeners?
Yeah, that's what we're rolling with today.
I dig it.
Shall we?
Let's do it.
I think we shall.
Yeah, we actually have to play a game.
It's just not an hour of banter per episode.
I think that we're all much more comfortable
once we start playing the game.
Yeah.
It works the opposite of a lot of GCN shows
where we don't want to play the game,
do everything we can to actively avoid it.
We're really stressed out just talking to each other
and we're like, can I please be someone else?
Yeah, I want to hide in my character for a while.
Thanks to Christian to be a person.
That's the name of the show.
Nailed it.
I guess let me set the scene then.
Okey-dokey.
Oh, please.
I already told you basically the timeframe.
We're talking the early 1990s.
That's when I was born.
Me too.
In the early 1990s?
Yeah, me and Luke were both born in the early 1990s.
Great.
There'll be all sorts of cultural and technological stuff
that you have absolutely no frame of reference for
for this scenario, which will be fantastic.
Perfect.
Joe and I were born in 89, so we'll be all over it.
Yeah.
We'll flip you guys through this.
Don't worry about it.
We'll follow your lead.
You got a couple of old heads with you, so it'll be fun.
Let's imagine the scene initially.
It is a nondescript office building,
a low rise kind of in the outskirts
of a modestly sized Southern city.
And I already kind of said which state.
We're talking Tennessee.
Zoom in to the building and there's a long conference room,
presumably the largest conference room in the building.
It looks as almost if two walls had been knocked down
and two conference rooms are joined together.
There's a comedically long table
in the middle of this conference room
with about three dozen spinning office chairs.
Those kind of chairs that try to be comfy and soft
are made out of that like shitty fake leather.
And the table is that weird wood
that doesn't quite look like wood.
And the walls, that old fashioned wooden paneling,
the colors match a little bit too much.
It's if anything, a bit unsettling to you.
At one far end of the room, there's a large crest.
It's an FBI logo.
Now the other end of the room
is a pulled down projector screen.
And one of those overhead projectors,
which will be our first technological reference
for those of you who...
So you put a transparency on those
and it shines a light upward and out toward the wall
so you can blow up images and show them to a room.
And this real hot air blows out of it
and it makes this like strange but comforting smell
and you get real sleepy.
I have a memory from when I was like in the womb
of one of those being around me.
My dad was a youth minister when I was growing up
and he would use them to put on song lyrics
for people to sing along for the worship times.
And he would do such parody covers of popular songs
as eight days a week.
Ooh, I need your love, God.
Eight days a week.
Pretty good stuff.
Wow.
Hey, God.
You'll find it's like peeling an onion
with absolutely all of us.
Just a couple of shreks.
And all it took was a reference to an overhead projector
and we got...
And we got completely derailed.
That's fine.
The initial scene setting is over.
No, just kidding.
One last thing about the overhead projector.
If you looked right in the, like the bulb, you were fucked.
Oh yeah.
This is an oversized one
because this is a very large screen it's projecting to.
It's so big that that bulb is still on
from the previous meeting
and you can feel the heat radiating across the room.
It's almost like a space heater.
It's so hot.
It's mid September, middle of the afternoon.
You see beams of light slipping in from the outside
through those slightly ajar hanging kind of floppy curtains
that you open and close with the chain.
It's an old building.
You see little specks of dust in the air
as you just trail off staring at the specks of dust
almost in a trance.
Then suddenly you remember
you're not the only one in this room.
You look around and there's four people
seated around the comedically large conference room table.
And it's the four of you.
Tell me what you see.
Tell me who you are.
This is the opportune time for character introductions.
So let's see.
Who should I cold call on first?
Luke, you're not paying attention.
I saw you looking away from me.
I was looking at my character sheet
hoping that you wouldn't call on me.
Yep, sorry.
I'm calling on you first.
Luke, what do people see in front of them?
Tanner Tan, Daniel Dan Lewd Hyde.
A 38 year old man, kind of thinning hair,
small sunglasses, not quite matrix style,
but like Walmart matrix sunglasses.
He has some like tribal tattoos on his arm.
Doesn't really look like the kind of guy
that would get tattoos, but one arm is just covered in them.
In the early nineties, that's still really cool.
That would be very unique.
Yeah, he's just sitting there kind of looking around
pretty nervous actually.
He has only really been around this just a small amount
and he's not sure what to expect.
Hi.
Joe, you go.
Harlan Nash is sitting there next to you.
He's got curly black hair.
He's got an eye that's kind of has a mind of its own.
It's sort of lazy, but it's also kind of there.
It can look at you,
but it's sometimes just looking past you a little bit.
And he's wearing a black polo
that's tucked into some cargo pants, lots of pockets.
He looks kind of like he was lost in his own world
and he hears you say, hey,
and he kind of turns back to you.
Oh, hello there.
I guess we're gonna be working together.
I guess so.
Who are you?
Go for it Zach.
Tanner turns to a 63 year old woman
who wears every single year in the wrinkles on her face.
She has white hair and it's short cropped.
It's in like a flat top on top of her head,
very shaved close on the sides, very, very flat on top.
She's wearing a sleeveless blouse.
She has tattoos all over her arms
and the tattoos are the chemical compounds
of different substances.
And she also has just like a skull smoking a joint
and there's a coffee pot on her forearm.
And she's just got a bunch of different stuff.
She's got a tattoo on the back of her neck
that just says crystal.
She's a very intense looking person.
She's wearing platform Doc Martens
and that makes her probably like 5'11
in those platform boots there.
She's got a purse that's doubling as a backpack around her.
And as we zoom in on her eyes,
we see that they turn back time
and she's quite a bit younger.
And then we zoom out and we see a team of people
and she's wearing a helmet.
She's got dog tags around her neck.
She has an assault rifle in her hand.
It's got a holographic sight.
It has targeting lasers and sound suppressors.
She has six spare magazines and a chest rig,
a medium pistol and a holster,
two spare magazines and a chest rig,
two frag hand grenades, two smoke grenades,
two flash bang stun grenades, a combat knife,
flexible cuffs around this tactical body armor.
She's wearing a Kevlar helmet and she is ready to go
and you see her as she just screams,
get down, get down, get down!
And then we zoom back out and she's just this old woman
in an extremely clean studio apartment.
And looking around the apartment,
there's a children's drawing that's on the fridge.
There's a playpen that's pushed neatly into the corner
and the toys have all been collected and put away.
And Cindy, Cindy Woodabaga,
sits down on the toilet and takes a shit
and she pulls out her phone
and she Googles her own name, Cindy Woodabaga.
And all of these Google results come up of the trial.
So this is in the future?
Yeah, this is a great way to ensure your character survives
by including a moment where she's shitting
with a smartphone 25 to 30 years after
the setting of our current campaign.
No, she is 63 years old in the room.
So she's reading a newspaper article while she shits.
Oh, right, yeah, she's got a big newspaper
in front of her while she's taking a shit.
Sorry, ah.
And so she's holding this newspaper up
and her eyes narrow as she reads this article
about Cindy Woodabaga and she was on trial for murder.
She was on trial for murdering her husband.
The case was thrown out due to some mishandling of evidence.
And she finishes up, wipes, and puts the newspaper away
and heads off to this meeting.
And some fingers kind of snap in front of her eyes
and her partner, Jodine, DEA.
You're gonna have to excuse my partner, Agent Woodabaga.
Woodabaga.
Sometimes, you know, her eyes, they seem to turn back time.
She gets a little lost in her memories.
I assure you, she's a very effective field agent,
one of the best we have.
I've worked with her for quite a while now.
So, Jodine is dressed a lot like Harlan Nash,
except he's in a white polo with cargo pants.
And he even says, like, I like your polo.
Very professional.
Thank you.
He's 39, but he looks about 45, graying everywhere.
It looks like he's recently lost a lot of hair
in the last seven or eight months.
And he's about 5'5", so you can't really tell
when they're sitting at the table,
but if they sat up, Cindy Woodabaga
would just tower over him.
He says, again, I do wanna apologize for my partner.
Sometimes she just goes, you know.
It's the analytical investigative mind
that makes her such an effective crime fighter.
And you kinda just gotta roll with these unorthodox methods.
What's happening now is that her,
she looked, well, don't look too hard,
but look into her eyes.
Hey, how many of these have you guys been on?
This is my first.
This is my first in an official capacity.
It's, I've been exposed.
Me too.
What's that mean?
Which one?
That one, and it's like some chemical compound.
It's morphine.
That's interesting.
This one is Japanese for perseverance.
If you knew Japanese, you would know
that it's actually a Chinese symbol that says crab.
Yeah.
Which roughly translates.
I wanna play the Cindy scenario, actually.
Is that okay?
Can we go back to the flashback?
Sure.
Are you fully prepped there, Zach?
Oh yeah.
Can you run that?
I can roll up a quick character.
It did sound like he had enough equipment
for the rest of us.
She was on the DEA's FAST team,
which is the Foreign Deployed Advisory Support Team,
which was paramilitary units in far-flung areas
of the world where narcotics are grown and processed.
But that was a long time ago,
and now she is just a desk jockey with Joe Dean here,
but they got pulled into Delta Green about,
what, six months ago?
Yeah, I imagine pretty soon after.
Also, if you're new to us,
can you tell which one, new listeners, is the DM?
Pfft.
It's Luke.
Yep.
All right, so you're all there now.
You're in the room.
You snapped out of your dust-fueled sunlight trance.
This conversation happened.
The two of you that know each other, great.
You've also met the two new folks that are here as well.
Behind your chairs, you all have bags.
You just flew in this morning.
This is the FBI field office in Memphis, Tennessee,
and you were summoned here by an FBI agent, James Derringer.
You checked in.
This is, again, all pre-9-11, right?
So security, pretty lax.
You showed up, you flashed some random ID,
they give you a visitor badge,
and you were just strolling around an FBI field office.
And you went to this room,
but you've been waiting for a while,
and waiting, and waiting, and waiting.
And eventually, what seems like could have been
over an hour of waiting for this guy,
he finally busts into the room in a hurry.
You see this man, relatively tall, lean,
and with very deep set eyes.
And as he walks in, there's just a grimace on his face.
Just this almost persistent, I guess,
resting bitch face kind of thing going on with him.
What's the early 90s turn for resting bitch face?
Yeah, that's the problem.
I mean, we can't refer to pumpkin spice,
he's not sipping a pumpkin spice latte,
wearing Uggs or anything else.
I mean, they're...
He looks like a sour puss.
He looks like a sour puss, and he busts in,
and he's, oh, agents.
Thanks for finally making it.
I've got something that I need to keep off the FBI,
say, radar for a bit.
And I think your unique backgrounds probably can help.
Before I get too much into it, let me just show you.
So he rolls over a TV on a cart,
one of those big CRT, 30-inch TVs
that probably weighs 80 pounds back then,
cart with a strap over the top,
kind of reels that over, there's a VCR.
Agent Dean immediately runs over
to help him plug in cables.
Oh, I always get the yellow video mixed up
with the white audio. Channel three, channel three.
Oh yeah, Cindy looks over at Tanner and is like,
are we gonna watch some Magic School Bus, you think?
I don't think we will be.
Do you think so?
I'll tell you what, this isn't some Magic School Bus.
Hits play.
Security footage starts playing at a gas station,
it looks like.
It's just one of those overhead cameras
kind of angled at the cashier.
And cashier's just there kind of standing,
chilling, organizing some stuff.
And a young man approaches the counter looking agitated.
He says something to the cashier.
The cashier says something back.
You can't hear anything because there's no audio.
This is crappy, low resolution,
constantly looping security footage.
But he says something and then the cashier just stares
at him very blankly,
like not quite understanding what he's saying.
Then you see the young man wind up with his fist,
just like a normal punch,
going to punch this guy in the head.
He makes contact, but you can see from the impact,
the guy's head almost deflates.
His skull instantly shatters.
And as the punch continues to connect,
the head gets knocked cleanly off the body.
Holy shit.
So skull crushed, head pops off,
head hits the back wall, flops down.
The body's kind of there stumbling a bit,
blood squirting out of the stump, if you will,
that is his neck.
And then the body just falls and collapses.
The young man steps back with a look of shock.
And then steps forward,
hits some keys on the cash register,
pulls out all the cash he can, runs off screen.
Then you see him come back into frame,
basically as he's walking out of the gas station
with a bunch of pill bottles.
Money in one hand, pill bottles in his arms,
and then rushes off camera, presumably leaving the scene.
And that's actually gonna give us
our first roll of the evening.
Roll me some sanity for that neck you just saw.
That was intense.
Fail, fail.
Pass, 39 on a 40,
but Jodine still definitely vomits
on the conference room floor.
Harlan fails, that's an 82 on a 50.
All right, if you pass, it's a zero,
but all you failures, one point of sanity damage.
So you see this, the tape ends.
Agent Derringer sees the vomit on the table.
It's like, ah, rookie.
I guess we all gotta start somewhere,
but we got pulled into this.
He held up six gas stations and drugstores
in the last two weeks.
First here in Tennessee, then he crossed state lines,
bringing us into it, into Alabama, then Georgia.
We eventually got him, took some bullets,
but we managed to get him, and we have him here.
He's downstairs and holding.
He's alive.
He's alive.
Took four MP5 bullets.
And that slowed him down just enough for us
to restrain him.
Center mass or?
Yes, four center mass bullets.
We got him.
We got agents downstairs watching him.
Let me warn you, first and foremost,
not everyone here is your friend.
Those agents down there in the room with them,
they're not part of this.
So be careful what you say in front of them.
Two, the reason you're here, this is a drug investigation.
The cover story is this kid went on a crime spree
because something went south with some drug dealers
he was dealing with.
He needed to score meds, some money to pay him back.
I don't think that's the case,
but that's how we can get DEA agents, a marshal,
someone who's good at tracking
and investigating, ATF agent as well.
But the whole point is you're keeping this
off the FBI's radar.
You've got about a week.
Be careful calling me here.
If I have anything for you, I will send you a courier.
I'll send someone out to you with any message,
but we're gonna need a password,
a secret phrase, if you will.
Any suggestions?
Bubble gum tree?
Bubble gum tree it is.
Yeah, that's strange.
ESPN.
I just got that.
I don't miss much college football anymore.
I'll brief you more once we get down there,
if you wanna check this guy out.
Do you have any questions for me now though,
before we go in front of those guards and stuff?
Harlan raises his hand.
Has anybody seen this footage other than you and us?
No.
So the agents downstairs, they don't know about
the strength that this man might possess?
Oh no, they know he's dangerous.
In fact, the three agents downstairs
were part of who apprehended him.
It was basically a roadblock in Georgia
when we finally stopped him.
He had stolen a car.
We managed to spike strip the car down,
got him out of the car.
Several FBI agents plus a state trooper shot at him.
That's when they finally got him.
But before they even got those four bullets into him,
he got to a trooper, grabbed his shotgun
and was able to basically bend it in half.
So these guys have seen his strength.
Bugs Bunny, Elmer Fudd, it is his shotgun.
That's what you're telling me?
Yeah.
They know if he gets out of his restraints,
they're in trouble.
Well, we can see-
Dad orders.
Well, sorry.
It was a little delay.
No, I just missed it.
Could you both sit down for a second?
Yeah, sorry.
You're getting very hyped.
I can't stop fiddling with this cables.
How many heads did he pop off?
It all started with his dad actually.
He went missing, gone from home for about two days.
This was eight days ago.
Boy went missing, showed back up two days later,
no clue where he was.
He was in a lot of pain.
Parents put him to bed.
Couple hours later, his dad heard his crying,
went to check on him, touched him on the shoulder,
asked him if he was okay.
Boy turns around, punches him right through the chest,
blows a hole about a foot wide
right through the center of his chest, dies instantly.
Kid hops up, runs out of the house.
That's when the crime spree started.
How old is the suspect?
18.
What's his name?
His name's Billy Ray Spivey.
Just graduated from high school.
Recently applied for a job at the local Saturn Auto plant
about an hour south of his town.
Child of Rich and Angel Spivey.
Has anybody tested him for drugs?
PZP?
We're running tests.
Who's gonna have access to those blood results?
Just me to start.
Let's probably keep it that way for a minute.
Yeah.
To answer your other question, no drugs.
No drugs in his system.
Outside of the stuff he'd been stealing.
He'd been stealing pain meds at a lot of these pharmacies.
Was he taking them or trying to sell them?
Taking them.
A lot of them.
Did he have a previous criminal record?
No record at all.
No record at all.
That's why it doesn't make much sense.
Town he's from, Groversville, small town, 1200 people.
Itty bitty tiny town.
Not much crime there.
Even this whole drug angle's gonna look kinda weak there.
But it's what we gotta go with a lot better
than people running around with superhuman strength
punching people's heads off.
Generally the public doesn't like that.
Well before I started working with my new partner,
I did a little public relations.
We've got folks pretty well terrified of methamphetamine.
I think we can say this is some kinda strange super myth
my partner and I are investigating.
Especially if the blood results stay between
the three of us.
Well, and these two.
No, we're running all sorts of tests.
I'll show you a bit more when we get down there.
How do you have him restrained?
He is in a chair with dozens of sets of handcuffs,
various chains.
He looks basically like a mummy
wrapped into that chair with metal.
And he's heavily sedated right now.
That boy wakes up fully.
He's even gonna break through all those cuffs.
Well we better get to him quick then.
You wanna check him out?
Let's go look at him.
Y'all bust out of the conference room.
He takes you to an elevator.
You're on like the second or third floor now.
You go down, ground floor, basement,
and then the sub-basement of this building.
That's like the secure, secure part of the building.
That's where 15 years from now,
where all the servers will be
when they actually have real computers and stuff.
Right now that's presumably where they keep all the weapons
and the terrible superhuman strength murderers.
It's a good combo.
He leads you into a room though, heavy steel door.
You walk inside and it's exactly what he described,
which is the chair, guy bolted down into it,
and then three guys with assault rifles
pointed directly at him.
They're body armored up, a SWAT team basically,
trained on this guy.
And he's there, just in his chair, kind of loopy.
Do any of you have medicine over 20?
Nope.
No.
Nope.
Humint over 40.
Yes.
Yep.
Great.
With the Humint over 40,
it is the telltale signs of him being heavily sedated.
Almost half asleep, his eyes are droopy,
a little bloodshot,
and he's just kind of rocking back and forth in the chair.
Poor kid didn't know what he was getting into.
He thought that he learned something new
or just got caught up in it and then killed his own dad.
How could you say poor kid?
He murdered people. Can you fucking imagine?
Yeah, but from his perspective, he doesn't know.
What do you mean he doesn't know?
He did it.
Yeah, but if he was gone, missing for a while,
who knows what kind of state he was in
when he did all that stuff.
He was in three states, actually.
That is correct.
Why'd you do it?
Uh, it hurts, it hurts.
What hurts?
Everything.
I forgot you got shot four times.
That probably doesn't feel too good, does it?
That's not what hurts though, is it?
No, my arms, my legs, everything hurts.
Where were you?
Where were you when you went missing?
I don't know.
You fucking tell me right now, where were you?
She like shakes his face and Joe pulls her off.
I don't know where I was and then I came back
and it just, everything hurts so much and I'm so hungry.
Is that why you were stealing the drugs?
Because you hurt?
Yes, yes, nothing helps.
You know what from?
Are you sick?
I don't know.
I just want the pain to stop.
Harlan's gonna kind of part the crowd
and get real close to his face.
Can you remember the last thing you remember
before you don't remember?
Lights.
What kind of lights, street lights?
I don't, bright, I don't know.
You said you didn't know where you were,
but could you describe where you were?
No, I woke up in my car going to see my girlfriend
and I don't know.
What's your girlfriend's name?
Her name's Jane, Jane Allen.
I miss her, I haven't seen her in over a week now.
Maybe we should get Jane on the phone
and see what she knows.
We actually, we have had Jane on the phone.
She misses you and she wants to talk to you,
but we can't really let that happen unless,
unless you really fully answer all our questions.
I don't know what to answer, I just want the pain to stop.
Okay, well, did anything strange
or out of the ordinary happen in the week
leading up to you disappearing?
I don't think so.
You don't remember anything out of the ordinary?
No, I applied for a job.
At the Saturn plant?
Yeah, the sat, I just wanted to build cars like my daddy.
Where did your daddy build cars?
At the Saturn plant.
Just like your daddy, all right.
Just like my daddy.
So you went there and applied in person?
Yes.
Which is of course the only way to do it right now.
Correct, and where's he now?
Your dad, your father.
What'd you do?
What'd you do to your dad?
Rutabaga, Agent Rutabaga.
Harland's gonna put a hand on Rutabaga.
Hey, that's not necessary.
Hey, sorry, I just thought it would,
maybe they'll just like punch something out of him.
Yeah, but he killed his dad.
I don't feel sorry for this guy.
You don't have to feel sorry.
Sidebar, y'all, quick sidebar.
Have you ever fucking interrogated?
I'd like my colleagues to step into the hallway with me.
I follow.
What was your name?
You can call me Tan.
Tan.
Yeah, Tanner.
Yeah, what was your investigative background?
Well, I'm in the ATF,
so-
Is this your first week?
In this kind of situation,
I ain't never seen punched in the heads off or nothing.
Mostly, you know, alcohol, tobacco, and firearms, really.
I'm sure at no time in the near future
will the ATF get involved in anything hairier than that.
I'm taking a trip to Waco later.
Uh-oh, uh-oh.
All right, so y'all know about,
yeah, yeah, well, you don't have to say it.
You know about the stuff, right, the spooky stuff?
I'm aware.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's kind of scary.
Don't you think a kid punching a hole
through his daddy's chest
and then a cashier's head clean off,
is that normal to you or is that spooky?
It is spooky.
Yeah, so we're here to investigate the spooky shit,
figure out why it's happening,
and keep it fucking quiet
from all the people who don't know about the spooky shit.
It doesn't matter if you sympathize with this dude
for punching a hole in his daddy or not.
When you're investigating a perp,
you gotta use advanced psychology
to make him think you're on his side
or sometimes threaten him.
Okay, okay, I'm gonna try a second approach.
Yeah, Rutabaga, you need to calm down.
Rutabaga, and so she takes her bagpipe off.
Is that your speech impediment or your name?
No, my name is W, Rutabaga.
Yeah.
She takes off her backpack,
which is like a purse that she has
a bunch of random stuff in.
She grabs a cardigan out of it and some cheaters.
She throws the cardigan on over her blouse,
covering up all of her tattoos,
and throws on these little gas station glasses
with a long chain on them.
Cheaters?
Yeah, cheaters.
Yeah, like reader glasses.
Just magnified glasses?
Yeah, but they're not like, they're not real glasses,
they're not prescription, they're just cheaters.
She puts on this get up with her reading glasses,
not cheaters, and her cardigan.
She is gonna head back into the room
with a much different demeanor.
Well, hello there, Sonny.
I just wanted to talk to you, Billy Ray, for just a moment.
I hold the others briefly back at the door.
I'm like, as crazy as this seems, I seen it work.
Especially with a sedated boy like this,
he's probably not gonna know it's the same lady.
It's the real magic of this wild card.
Billy Ray.
Grandma?
Yeah, that's right.
Is that you?
That's right, it's good to see you again, boy.
But you're dead.
Well, the Lord works in mysterious ways.
I'm here to help you figure out what happened.
Okay.
So let's close your eyes nice and tight.
And she pinches both of his cheeks lovingly,
just like very soft, in a comfortable way.
This isn't weird.
And she says, now close your eyes and think real hard-like.
Good.
Good.
Good.
And she just wants to get him like in a relaxed state
in order to hopefully just gain
one more pertinent piece of information here.
Sure, I like that.
Give me a persuade roll with that.
Okay.
35 on a 60.
All right, great.
The lights everywhere, they cut me all over my body.
Tiny little cuts everywhere.
My legs, my arms, everywhere where it hurts, cuts.
Does he have any like visible cuts that we can see?
Give me a search roll.
Past 10 on a 50.
Yeah, 42 on a 70.
22 on a 15.
22? Crit success.
Yeah, hell yeah.
Great.
So the whole time that he was talking,
she was like turning back toward them
and slowly like giving them the come here with her hand.
So they all like creep into the room behind her
as he's like talking with his eyes closed.
And you're, yeah, you're just like looking at his wrists
in his ankles and everything.
He's wearing a pair of a jean cut off shorts,
old beat up Chuck Taylors
and a even more beat up Metallica t-shirt.
But yeah, you look closely,
especially Joe Dean with that crit success.
You see the tiniest of incisions.
They look almost like a relatively large needle poke
that has been kind of healed over, almost laser like.
Randomly spaced out all along his arms, all along his legs.
Basically when you look very, very, very closely,
they look almost like hair follicles.
Mm.
But bigger.
Initially they didn't see him on their inspection.
Can we pull back his collar on his shirt
to see if they're on his neck and back?
His pussy and his crack.
Does he have tiny cuts on his pussy, David?
The answer is yes.
Yeah, all over him.
Basically anywhere there's musculature on his body,
there seems to be these random pricks.
They're a little more concentrated in areas of heavy muscle
like around his calves and thighs, biceps,
and then a little less so in other areas like his hands,
but it's all still there.
Harlan is still kind of toward the back of the room
and he wants to grab James Derringer
and just pull him into the hallway real quick.
Has anyone X-rayed this boy?
He looks around to make sure no one's listening
because you still are in the hallway of an FBI building
and wants to make sure no one is around.
It's like, yeah, we're gonna run those tests too.
We took tissue samples though.
We did notice some of these operating sites.
Took tissue samples.
They've already been sent to a lab.
I'll make sure to get the results.
I will send someone with the results once I have them,
but it could be a couple of days.
And when you initially took these samples,
was the rate of healing consistent with an eight day period?
There's something odd about the boy's muscle.
We're not sure what it is,
but as far as we can tell from the tests we've done,
his skeleton's been unchanged.
It's only his muscle.
We think the superhuman strength,
if he were to say, try to pick up a car, he probably could,
but then his bones would snap under the weight.
So we think that's the limits of this boy's ability.
That's all we know now though.
We're gonna wait for the tests.
Needless to say, we wanna be in the know
as soon as those results come in.
Of course, you're my eyes and ears on the ground.
Joe Dean steps out in the hallway too.
And I guess we'll say you catch him up quickly on that.
Anyway, he says, is there a friendly doctor in town?
Is there someone you could get into this sub-basement
who could be trusted that could run some more expediated,
perhaps radical tests?
Not gonna be any faster.
I have a friendly doctor on the case though.
I'm not even leaving it to chance
of some Miranda running these tests.
That's part of why it's gonna take a little longer
is I want fewer eyes on this.
Well, how would you feel if we went in there
with some tweezers and a magnifying glass
and just dug around one of those injection sites
and saw what we could see?
See if we couldn't pull anything out?
Boy's dangerous, but if you want to, you can go for it.
I'm still in there rubbing his cheeks.
Tan has wandered out into the hallway too.
Also quickly gets caught up.
Tan, here's the rundown.
Oh, thanks.
Have we given him any painkillers?
Like try to put him at ease.
Is he, he's on him right now?
He's been robbing and popping pain pills this whole way
and they ain't helping him.
Well, I guess it can't hurt too bad
to dig around in there then.
This boy is on enough morphine right now
to kill most people.
I don't know that digging around is necessary.
We've already, they've taken tissue samples.
I assume you would have said
if you found something in those samples, correct?
They've taken tissue samples
and they're gonna get all the results
in a couple of days, right?
But we could just see with our own eyes.
I want to see what's in one of them holes.
I mean, they would have told us
if there was something in a hole, wouldn't they have?
There's only one way to find out.
I assume it takes a complicated series of phone calls
and faxes, perhaps even hand sent letters to.
So what are you gonna do then?
Are you saying the phone calls and hand sent letters
for consent to operate on him in the basement or?
Oh, no, no, no, none of that.
I just meant.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, so Joe's question is
they've already taken a tissue sample.
Did they find anything in those sites?
So we don't know yet.
But we're not gonna know that for a while, right?
It's muscle tissue.
It looks largely similar to normal muscle tissue,
but yeah, you're not gonna know for a couple of days.
Your plan is to use a tweezer or magnifying glass.
I'm just asking how they would have seen as much of that
as you would in this moment, right?
That's a question for him.
Is that information included in that report
that you have so far?
Yes, there's probably nothing more you can learn.
However, if you want to dig around in the wounds
of an incredibly dangerous multi-state killer.
Yeah, it's on the table.
We could go digging.
It's your funeral, as they say.
Maybe there's a gooey duck in there.
That would be an odd place for a gooey duck.
You know, sometimes you get the genius
of the grandma routine,
and sometimes it's just shit like that.
That's why I'm doing great.
It's so random.
I think I've got you up to speed here.
The only other thing you need to know,
he's not the only one that's reported
going missing in Grover'sville.
That's pertinent information.
There's been a series of similar disappearances.
How many is a series?
It's mostly anecdotal,
but we've heard from him in his delirium
about this happening to some of his friends and stuff.
It's strange.
It's a weird town, to be honest.
Small town, 1200 people.
It's the butt end of a lot of UFO conspiracy jokes.
You know, shows up in the tabloids.
Weird place.
And what is the name of that town again?
Grover'sville.
Grover'sville.
The UFO conspiracy stuff,
what does that date back to?
No, it's been going on for years.
You know, it's just random crackpot stories,
moronic ideas.
Place is just the butt end of regional
and even national news headlines.
You like that term butt end.
Butt end.
Did he give any names of people
he knows that got disappeared too?
Nah, I don't know.
He's worried about his girlfriend.
Yeah, do we have Jane Allen's contact information?
Yeah, we can get that for you.
Do you have some sort of portable telephone device
or a telephone that I can call Jane on?
I wish we had the government funding
for those glorious devices.
Well, the DEA car,
we came down in here and it does have a car phone.
Wow, you got one of those new ones.
Well, there was definitely some pork,
some graft in our budget this year.
So yeah, we got some nice new cars.
You don't need to borrow a car from me.
No, we got a cool DEA car.
Yeah, it's got a mounted machine gun on top.
It can fly.
Mostly just the car phone, but it shoots lasers.
Well, I had requisitioned a 1992 white Ford Bronco
if you're interested.
Wow, I bet that baby could really move.
Maybe we can take both.
Yeah, let's take both.
Maybe one could chase the other on the highway and see.
We go there in the DEA car,
but we leave the scene in the Bronco.
Somebody has got a draft.
The DEA car can drive itself.
Right, it's got the car phone
and also it's kit from that driver.
So what do you want to do?
So Cindy Woodabaga is still just like pinching cheeks,
rubbing face of this Billy Ray Spivey.
And after she gets all the pertinent information
that she thinks she's attained from him,
her face quickly changes back to the hardened face
you saw before.
And she gets real close in his ear and she just whispers,
your grandpappy was a.
What the hell?
And she just looks into his eyes.
She's trying to get like any pull on his mental state.
I'd like to look into Zach's eyes
and get a pull on his mental state.
Yeah.
Much like me,
Billy Ray just looks really confused right now.
Yeah, that adds up.
Basically I took the thing in Delta Green Creation
where you have to take a disorder
and hers is that she is just like drawn
to making people as uncomfortable as possible.
Good disorder, very on brand.
Do you guys think that I've done it so far?
Yes.
Okay, cool.
I have a crippling gambling addiction.
Nice.
My character likes gambling, but it's not an addiction.
I just do it all the time and I like it a lot.
Yeah, mine's a problem because I lose.
Well, I think I'm gonna give Jane a call,
see what, or maybe we should just,
does she live in in Grover's Ville?
Maybe we can go just go there and talk to her.
I agree that we should probably make way for Grover's Ville.
Make way for Grover's Ville.
Toot, toot.
You're taking the DEA car
and you're taking the White Ford Bronco?
Right, we'll hop in the Bronco
and then the DEA car will meet us there.
Driving stuff.
Very well.
Let's just keep pushing this bit
until it's a mechanic you can't take away from us.
We send the DEA car ahead of us in all scenes.
Also, the DEA car is a brilliant detective.
I did an adjusted scenario for five PCs,
so I'm gonna have to make some tweaks, but.
Yeah, I'll drive the Bronco down and follow the DEA.
I'll ride with him.
You might ride or drive.
Well, on a scale of one to 100,
how well do you think you drive?
Oh, not any better than anyone normal.
Oh, like about a 50?
Oh, not even there probably.
I don't know, what's standard these days?
Well, the way it seems to me,
a lot of these crazy drivers out here
operate in no more than 20%.
You know, if they didn't specifically
read their driver's manual, so.
Jodine, for seven or eight months now,
I've been saying, you are my ride or drive.
So I'm gonna ride you drive.
You wanna rock, paper, scissors to see who drives
or do I like driving?
If you wanna drive, that's fine.
I've just got the basic training.
Oh yeah, I've been told I'm slightly above average
at driving, only a few tickets here and there.
I'll, I guess, shotgun.
Okay.
Looks around at no one.
It's also worth reflecting upon the point
that if base drive is 20, just statistically,
you're gonna have a lot of fails and a lot of fumbles
on a regular basis, so yeah.
It does explain a lot of things in real life.
When I get in the Bronco, I check in the glove compartment
for some driving gloves and I try to put them on,
but they don't fit.
Instead, you'll find a super advanced car computer.
Oh my, no, he's in the Bronco.
I know.
I know.
The car stereo in the Bronco, it's got pretty good lows,
but how are the highs, man?
How are the highs, man?
How are the?
Yeah, I get it.
Are there any orange juice boxes in this Bronco?
I wish I could get an orange juice box.
I'd love to run away from the scene of the crime
after brutally murdering my wife and this baby.
Or in thaw of us need to calm down so we can keep going.
That was so much better than your highs, man.
I don't get any of this.
I believe that to be true.
I made the glove gym.
Have you not seen The Simpsons?
No, never have.
I'm pretty sure that's what it is.
I was born in 93.
No, Zach and Luke are both 17,
so they don't realize things like smartphones
when they weren't around back then.
Yeah, right.
You mean they talk to people without video
at the same time?
It's like young children today that are like,
why are you putting the phone up to your ear?
That doesn't make any sense.
Why would someone do that?
Are you stupid?
You're going to block the camera.
I don't want to look at you
when I'm talking to you on the phone.
If I'm calling, it's because I have a series of questions
that need to be asked rapidly
and it would take 15 fucking minutes in text.
And you only video call when you need to finish.
Exactly.
So five hours away.
If I need to see your face, you'll do.
So like five hours away,
this is the conversation we're having the whole way there.
We're in separate cars.
It's five hours away.
So Memphis is Southwest in the state.
You're basically driving up through Nashville,
going to kind of the East side of central Tennessee.
Groversville is the county seat of Grover County, Tennessee.
It's largely rural, a little bit of agriculture,
not a heck of a lot because there's only a 1200 person town.
However, there's a lot more here
than there would be otherwise because it is the county seat.
Dealing with assessments, taxes,
the county courthouses here,
but really at the center of town,
it's an intersection of two streets,
one single blinking red light in the middle.
That is the only traffic light even in town.
There's not even a standard red, yellow, and green light.
This town is so small.
So like I said, town hall at the center,
kind of nearby, you have a small combo sheriff station,
part-time ambulance and largely volunteer fire department,
a town library, a post office,
an auto and body shop, and a pair of local banks.
A little further out, more standard stuff.
Grocery store, hardware store, pharmacy,
a family video, pair of churches,
24 hour diner and ice cream shop called the Mega Deuce.
And then further out in town,
you have a pair of unbranded gas stations, a bowling alley,
a Dollar General, an auto zone,
a bar called Murrells County Bunker,
and then the place where you'll be staying,
Murrell's Shut Eye, a 12 room motel.
And someday if they're lucky,
they'll actually get fast food
or a real restaurant in this town.
That's Groversville in a nutshell.
What was the ice cream shop there?
The Mega Deuce.
The Mega Deuce.
I'm lactose intolerant, so that adds up perfectly.
That's their slogan.
One Mega Deuce, one Mega Deuce,
and you'll be making a Mega Deuce.
That's just good marketing.
You trying to take a shit?
Come on down to the shit hole.
You know in town,
you're given the name of the sheriff before you left,
his name is Dan Oakley, as in the sunglasses.
You called ahead and you had booked rooms in advance
at Murrell's Shut Eye, the motel, whenever you needed.
Getting late though on the first day,
this is probably about seven o'clock,
first night getting into town.
Where do you wanna go?
Do we know where Jane lives?
You do have her address, you can go check it out for sure.
I'm so deeply sorry, I'm about to piss my pants,
I've been holding it for like 30 minutes.
Back in like literally 20 seconds.
Dude, just piss your pants.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's better radio though.
Can we just keep talking?
You're gonna cut all this or?
Okay, I'm done.
Oh, he did it.
Oh, that's a lot.
Why is it so sticky?
I say we get all in the same car.
I was gonna say we could call her,
but I don't, I think maybe if we just drop in,
she's probably not doing anything,
there's not much to do around here.
There was the possibility that she was missing,
abducted by the burning operating laser lights
that inflict you with super strength, but endless pain.
Well, hopefully that's not the case.
I hope so too, Tan.
Vroom, vroom, vroom.
So do we leave the, we should leave the Bronco
maybe at the motel?
Merle's Shudai.
Merle's Shudai.
I'll hop in the DEA car if we wanna take one.
What kind of car is the DEA car?
It's a nice early 90s sedan.
Yep, I got it.
Hold on, I got the image.
Is it a Lincoln town car?
It is a 1992 Crown Victoria LX.
Nice. Nice.
She's gorgeous.
Beautiful car. Gorgeous.
Burgundy.
Burgundy 1992 generation one Crown Vic,
and then your 1992 Ford Bronco XLT.
Very lovely.
Yeah, those are your two cars.
All right, you're gonna take the Crown Vic.
You're gonna go to the Allen household.
Jane Allen's house.
You're not calling.
You're driving there, correct?
Just going, showing up.
Cool.
Do we want to run by the sheriffs first?
That's probably not a bad idea
just to be in good graces with the locals.
Be in good graces and also just-
But should we even announce that we're here?
Yeah.
I mean, there's definitely an advantage
to the element of surprise.
I don't know if it's on this high school girl.
She seems like probably just another victim at this point,
unless she's abducting people,
taking them out to the woods,
operating on them with supernatural light surgery
and releasing them as pain monsters.
Well, I think we have our primary suspect,
so let's go find her and kill her.
Yeah, actually, the more I'm talking about this,
the more I'm talking to myself into it.
We should bust that door down.
I mean, we could do it in character or out of character,
but I think Harlan's point to visiting Jane
was because he went missing when he was going to her house.
So if she knew anything about
what he had been doing that day,
but also I kind of wanted to know
where the kids hang out in town.
Yeah, totally.
But maybe it's a mispronunciation of her last name,
Jane Alien.
Ooh.
It's right there.
It's up to you guys.
Do you want to do Sheriff first or Jane first?
Well, let's go talk to Jane
and then we can swing by the Sheriff's office.
Yeah, we can tell him it was on our way into town.
Jane probably also is closest to this case
and you're right.
If we need to hide any of the, you know,
it's not called Delta Green yet, right?
Or it is?
It is.
But it's a little more underground
and cell-based and whatnot.
Presumably you all are from a particular cell,
the two of you?
Yeah, you told us which cell that would probably be,
lore-wise.
Does somebody else want to say it out loud first?
Oh yeah, well, I'm Agent Nan, obviously.
Cindy Woodabaga is Agent Nan.
Yeah, and I'm her partner, Agent Nephew.
Right, yeah.
So we're in Ncell.
Yeah, Ncell, which isn't a funny word in the early 90s.
Not yet.
It's not a funny word now.
It's a dangerous, poor, random hole.
Yeah.
May as well, like, come up on Delta Green's, like,
keywords to, like, look into.
Yeah.
Or they just skip that one.
There's only 25 cells.
It's like skipping the 13th floor on elevators and stuff.
L-M-O, we got them all.
Yeah, could we be T cell for Tennessee
instead of N cell for Nashville?
All right, so you drive to Jane Allen's house
outside of town.
It's a slightly nicer house than many of the others,
about a mile outside of town.
Again, it's a small town,
so that only takes a couple of minutes.
You roll up to a nicer two-story house,
well-manicured lawn, couple cars in the driveway.
Definitely looks a lot nicer than a lot of the other houses
that you've driven by on the way out here.
Nice enough to have a secret alien laboratory
underneath it?
Quite possibly.
Mm.
What do you do?
Good knock.
You tap on your microphone loudly.
You just take, okay, so now say what you want to say?
Ding dong.
You are an enigma, Agent Dan.
Ah, yes, let's go knock on the door or ring the doorbell.
Why not both?
Yeah, I'd knock on the door and ring the doorbell.
Okay, several times.
A woman comes to the door, an older, middle-aged woman.
Oh, why hello there, who are you?
We're with a federal agency looking into the disappearance
of Billy Ray Spivey and I believe your daughter,
Jane Allen, might have been involved
and we would like to speak to her.
Can she come out and play?
No, play.
I'm sorry, I-
No, she can't.
She's not here.
Where is she?
Well, she's gone, she hasn't been around for a bit.
When was the last time you saw her?
Ah, dear, about three weeks ago.
What is your name, ma'am?
My name's Nancy.
Nancy Allen.
Like the author from Springfield, Missouri.
Yes, no, yeah, she's gone, you know.
You've reported this to the sheriff, of course.
Well, why would I need, she's fine.
But you don't know where she is?
No, she's come back.
Does this happen often?
She's done this before?
No, no, my husband, he's always at work.
He's, you know, it's just me here.
I'm just taking care of, I'm just waiting.
And this doesn't seem odd to you
that she would disappear.
It's not usual for her to do that
and you're relatively unconcerned about it?
You can roll human, anyone that wants to.
I'll do that also.
89.
Fail. Fail.
Fuck, I fail also.
Hold on. So I get on a 60.
39 on a 60.
Oh, nice.
Well, Joe Dean, she seems to be telling the truth
and is pretty forthcoming and honest
and doesn't actually seem to be that concerned at all.
The rest of you can't get a good read.
Has this ever happened before?
Has she disappeared for any amount of time?
No, not really.
She's an independent girl. It's fine.
Was she like on her way to a certain place
or did she say she was going somewhere?
Any clue of what might've happened?
It just, you know, it happens sometimes.
People just, they go places and they come back.
It's fine.
Have you heard any of her friends going missing too?
Does she live here?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Has she gone missing for upwards of three weeks before?
She said no.
For the third time, no.
For the third time, no.
Nancy.
I feel like I'm repeating myself.
It's just such a weird story.
Like, I feel like I'm getting something wrong here.
Why don't you care?
Yeah, I feel like you should carry more information
about your daughter.
I'm just very easy going.
That's all.
I'm a cool mom.
Oh yeah.
I'm a very cool mom.
I had a cool mom.
So cool.
Yeah, I had to really pull myself through.
Well, you know, like I had to get myself to high school
and then pay for my own college and everything.
Cool mom isn't always so cool at the end of the day.
You know what I mean?
Just something to think on.
I don't.
I've always wanted to be the cool mom.
Is that some sort of thing they do in like the Northeast?
Are you from up in Pennsylvania maybe
and you were trying out like the parenting technique,
some sort of Philadelphia experiment or something?
Oh no, we got wine moms all over the country.
No, I'm born and bred.
Born and bred in Grover'sville.
You were born inbred?
Expand on that.
Yes.
That was not a slip-up.
I don't think you actually said born inbred.
Oh, you're gonna have to rewind that.
Inbred.
Rewind that and listen again.
Ah.
For those of you playing along at home.
Is Mr. Allen home?
Is there a Mr. Allen here?
No, he's just at work.
Where does he work?
Town hall.
He's one of the aldermen running the town.
Just so busy.
Work, work, work.
What is his name?
Work, work, work.
Allen.
Allen.
Allen.
His last name is in fact Allen.
It's Bradley Allen.
Maybe we ought to go talk to him.
Maybe he cares.
Have you seen him recently or has he been gone
for an extended period of time at this point?
He's been working.
For how long?
He's been working real hard.
Good.
I don't know.
Years.
Yeah.
Do you mind if we come in and look around?
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, you seem pretty chill.
All right, let's go ahead.
Can you show us to Jane's room?
Sure.
Maybe she has like some letters
that she's written from her.
Sure.
She is going to walk you all upstairs.
Harlan wants to be clocking pictures as we go.
Can I get a sense of which one Jane looks like?
Jane is a late teenage year girl,
minor amount of acne, very pale.
One of those people with almost like
uniformly colored skin tone,
just like kind of this off-white eggshellish almost color.
Oddly, in all the photos,
she has almost identically the same smile.
She's one of those people that whenever they smile,
it's exact same look every single photo.
I have the exact same photo in all of my pictures.
I look like Zach.
Fucking woof, dude.
Zach, Zach same.
I liked it.
Every time.
It was good.
It was good.
So Cindy sees a picture where Nancy Allen
is looking particularly good in a family photo.
And she's like,
wow, you're dressed to kill in this one.
Thank you.
It means a lot.
Once we get to her room, I...
Sometimes it works.
Ever done it?
You're really dressed to kill.
It's funny you say that because I killed someone.
I killed my daughter in this dress, yeah.
Hairs all blown out, yeah.
Is anything missing from her room?
Any clothes or nothing?
Yeah, let's do a quick search.
One more question about her.
Does she look like she's been taking care of herself?
Or has she been wearing these clothes for like three weeks?
I take care of herself.
Houses in pristine condition, cleaned, smells fresh.
Jane Allen's room, bed made, window open.
It's not sunny anymore cause it's later in the day,
but it looks like a freshly cleaned kids room.
Do you think she might've went out the window?
That was my first thought.
Exactly.
I think she might've said goodbye to her mother
and then just left.
But did she leave out the window?
You want to give me those search roles?
Yeah.
I got a 33.
Oh, I also succeed.
I succeed also.
Critical success.
With your successes, you see a largely standard kids room.
There's nothing really out of place
as far as clothes or anything else goes.
Her desk is there.
It's September.
She just started her senior year of high school.
So you see kind of her freshly purchased books
and other material, but she's been gone for three weeks
basically since like the start of the semester.
But with that critical success,
you find a business card on that desk on top of the books.
And that business card says Scott Adams,
watch the skies, exclamation point.
And it has an email address.
And the email address is watchtheskies at aol.com.
What the hell does this mean?
["I Can't Get High"]
["I Can't Get High"]
["I Can't Get High"]
["I Can't Get High"]
["I Can't Get High"]
["I Can't Get High"]
["I Can't Get High"]
["I Can't Get High"]
