Bless this mess, my babies.
Damn, y'all are stinky.
Uh-oh.
It's your scent-spraying stepdad, Wolf the dog.
And I'm here stinking up the joint live from 694.2 PTBP,
the only radio station that offered
smell-o-listen for a time.
But we had to stop.
People died, man.
This episode's Howlin' with Wolf
is from at Sergeant Boondock on Twitter.
He tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pod,
which really puts the hell yeah in hell yeah, dude.
Mr. Sergeant Boondock would like me
to dedicate a big old smooch to Mrs. Sergeant Boondock.
Well, I guess I can cook up a little romance.
Prepare for a smooch.
Pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew, pew.
Mwah.
Sorry, I don't know what came over me,
Sergeant Boondock on Twitter.
I was overcome with a strong passion.
I haven't given an auditory smooch in many a millennia,
according to my smooch calendar.
If you wanna make a saucy request of your stinky wolf,
tag the show at pretending pod on the internet.
And if you're interested in trading $6.66
for 22 bonus episodes, head over to Patreon
and purchase your own personal Splashylvania Fastpass.
As always, the links are all up in the show notes
and I am all up in the news.
Last time, the little twins recognized
and stared down Clark Bishop from a horrifying vessel
floating across the shimmering steel sea,
aboard this defaced bay boat,
the rabid ball holding Julie Maxwell's corpse
ripped at the bridge connecting the two stilted bunkers.
Keith, Don, and Jack leapt for the railing
of the little balcony outside
the second bunker's hatch door,
but Keith couldn't hold on.
He fell into the molten ocean
and became engulfed in the sea made of solder.
But Don D. Pettymore chanted some sort
of cancellation incantation
and each action by person, object, or ball
played out perfectly in reverse.
As the rope bridge came crashing down a second time,
Keith leapt for the railing of the little balcony
outside the second bunker's hatch door.
But this time, with a little hindsight,
to everyone's delight, he held on with all his might.
So make like a beans and Keith holding on tight.
It's Dragon in 3 with What Kind of World Are You Living In.
["What Kind of World Are You Living In"]
["What Kind of World Are You Living In"]
How many apples can you fit in your butt, Thomas?
I don't have numbers like you and Luke.
So, Taylor and I started saying ditto a lot.
I don't know who started it, but then we were, like, kind of playing with the word
and saying different iterations.
So, there for a minute it was just, like, ditty, ditty, dits.
And now, if we agree with each other, we just go, big dits.
Big dits.
Big dits.
But then...
Big ol' ditties.
Big ol' ditties.
So then I said, big ol' ditties, and she was like, no. Too far.
Yeah, that's why I'm really the one for you.
Yeah, dude. Diddy Kong.
And Luke's our sub, who we call Diddy Kong.
I want bananas.
Cause they're your peanuts.
Oh, Diddy.
Diddy Dong.
Diddy Dong.
Well, this is really funny, but we probably can't use that.
Diddy Dong.
Why?
I don't know, can we say that we're gonna have a three-way sub-relationship
with Luke where he sucks our penises and calls them bananas cause he's Diddy Dong?
I think we can, and I think you summed it up pretty well.
Yeah, that's what I thought we were doing.
Okay, well, if that's not, you know, insensitive...
To Luke?
To Nintendo fans.
To N-
Yeah, to Nintendo fans.
Sorry, everybody.
I just don't want to cross the line of joking into, like, fetishization or even, like, otherization.
Right. Well, then the listeners can know that you feel that way.
God damn it.
And I'll keep calling Luke Diddy Dong for the whole episode.
Oh, God.
I rolled a 48.
Diddy Dong!
Oh, fuck yeah.
You did this, Thomas. You forced my hand. Now it's all in.
You can take the part out where I'm a little bitch about it.
But that's our new intro, like, thing, is that we say fucked up stuff until Thomas goes,
I don't think we can put this in there, and then we start the episode.
I'll cut you saying the word bitch, though, you sexist fuck.
Keith Vidner grabs onto the railing.
You gendered, slur-using son of a bitch.
All right, so Keith grabs onto the railing.
Zach, are you okay?
Keith grabs onto the railing.
And this time, all the sweat got wiped off my hands the last time I grabbed it,
and somehow the reverse, you know, didn't put the sweat back on my hands,
so I go slightly to the left of where I jumped last time to avoid the puddle of sweat,
and I grab on with all my strength.
In the distance, you just hear what sounds like a door hitting the inside of a metal wall.
Don't.
Echoes.
I hear, but I don't even have time to think about it.
Can I try to pull myself up this round or, I guess, probably not?
You guessed right. Clark, it's your turn.
I mean, there's nothing to do.
Clark and Jon both brush their hands and say, mission accomplished.
It looks like Keith made it this time.
This time, I'm saying this time because we went back in time.
Did that happen to you, Jon?
Yeah, it felt like we did a little rewind, a little Prince of Persia there.
Or do we have any recollection of that handler?
You absolutely remember it, and you absolutely need to roll a sanity.
Oh, hell yeah, I fail.
I fail too, but not over my power.
Oh, I failed over my power.
I critically failed and over my power.
It's a 66.
Oh, wow. Well, now I'm not locked in here with you.
I'm locked in here with you.
Fool me twice.
You can't fool me again.
You ain't going to Rorschach me again.
All right, so with that, you all lose one sanity.
This was a zero slash one, so Clark, you still only lose one.
We're in a room of junk, and I'm frustrated.
I would just start chucking things against walls.
I just threw a door. You saw me do that.
I'm going to just keep on chucking shit.
Where the fuck are we? Get out of here.
God damn it.
And as you're chucking junk across the room,
you pick up the golf club you found earlier,
and you fling it, and as it leaves your hands,
you think you're throwing it at the wall,
but it just kind of flips out of control.
Putter head over handle flies toward Leo piston,
and the putter part just sinks directly into the bullet hole in him,
and he's just like, yay!
No, Clark! Clark!
And he leans back over, and you're still,
I mean, you're just not even paying attention.
You're just throwing shit. Don V. Pettymore, you're up.
I'm assuming I also went back,
so I need to re-grab onto the thing.
Yeah. Okay.
My ding-dang dexterity.
Oh, I didn't even think about what if we save Keith,
and then lose both Don and Jack.
Two for one deal.
I'm willing to take that risk.
36 on a 55 for my dexterity.
Nice. Yep.
Don grabs some steady footing
as this rope bridge is crumbling beneath him,
and he, not crumbling, just moving, just falling.
I feel like Don D. in this moment would be like,
oh, shit, knowing that he has to complete that jump again.
He's like, oh, son of a bitch.
It went back further than you expected.
Yeah, I thought I was just going to be hanging out,
and I'm like, oh, fuck.
But you oh, fuck your way right across
and grab onto the railing that is right outside the hatch
on this stilted room above the shiny, shimmering silver sea.
John, it's your turn.
Keith, Don, are you okay?
I am now.
About melted in half, it felt horrible.
Yeah, I saw. That looked very unpleasant.
It's okay. I have no residual pain from it,
no lasting effects at all,
and my hands aren't sweaty anymore.
You didn't feel it mature you at all,
like you passed through a crucible,
came out maybe a little mentally tougher, older?
I don't know. I'd say maybe I have lost enough sanity
and rolled over my power and am at a breaking point,
past my breaking point.
Oh, hell, that's one hell of a way to put it.
I think Clark's at that point, too.
And you see a folding table fly over John's shoulder
and crash into the sea.
Well, I guess we'll probably explore that with you
pretty soon here.
I'm going to go check on Clark.
Can I calm him down at all with persuade or...
Yeah, if you have psychotherapy,
that is what it is meant for,
so if you need to roll persuade,
then you'd take a negative 20.
Okay, I'll try a negative 20 on my persuade,
which is a 60.
Fuck.
59, that would have been excellent.
So very ineffectively...
Clark, I know we've seen a lot of fucked-up shit,
and now your whole chronology...
Yeah, he's got a little folding chair
that he's using as a shield,
and he's deflecting some incoming shots.
Please!
I don't like shots.
Please!
But, like, basically, just don't, like...
I guess just don't worry about it,
and your life will always be like this now,
so why even, you know, don't stress out?
Jack Russell is running and making a jump.
Fails.
Oh, no!
Bye-bye, Jackie.
He grabs...
You can't take Jack from me!
He grabs Keith by the legs
and takes him down with him.
Takes his huge pants down.
But the shorts make for a huge parachute,
and he's floating up and away.
And then he's gone.
The twinkle star in the sky,
he just disappears like Team Rocket.
Okay, so Jack Russell is going to begin falling,
and as he makes the jump for it,
he hits his head.
He, like, grabs on to the railing,
but then his head kind of slams into the room,
and he immediately just lets go,
and he starts falling,
and he's falling on his back,
and he's kind of, like, rotating backwards,
so you think his neck is probably gonna land first.
It's the ball's turn.
It shrieked.
The moment that it reversed all of its actions
back to where it was in time...
All of that got noise.
Yeah, all of that got blocked by Discord.
It was like, there must be a wild animal in Zach's apartment.
Aiden and Alice Little are looking at their hands
where they just held lollipops,
but then, for some reason,
we're forced to put the lollipops back into their overalls.
Jon standing at the open door is just, like, pointing at Don,
like, he did it, he did that to you.
I just didn't want them to put a missing, like,
taking our candy away from them
on top of everything else that had happened.
Holy shit.
Okay.
Ooh, 69.
Uh-oh.
Jack Russell does not hit the ocean, so that's good.
However, the reason he doesn't hit the ocean
is because one long metal tendril
flies out towards him and skewers his neck
right in between his head and his shoulders.
It goes all the way through,
about five yards past him as well,
and so as the long, long metal limb
is just horizontal above, parallel with the ocean,
the body of Jack Russell is, like, hanging from it
like a foosball player,
but the stake is going through his neck.
Because of his, like, rotation as he was falling,
he is like a foosball player,
kind of spinning around by his neck.
The metal tendril rips backwards
and brings the body of Jack Russell with it,
and so now two of its tendrils are holding up bodies,
one being Julie Maxwell, the other Jack Russell,
as two of the other tendrils are in the melting,
shimmering silver sea.
They've kind of climbed out to find purchase
within the waters, made of the same texture
but in a different state than itself.
Keith, it is your turn.
Keith is pulling himself up to get up
and get on, like, level ground,
and as he's saying it, he looks over at Don
and is like, thanks, don't use that on him.
And with a 12, I pull myself up.
I think Don gives, like, a menacing glare back to him,
but doesn't say anything.
You pull yourself up and can stand on this balcony
that is outside of this stilted room
with the hatch door right next to you.
Yeah, as soon as I actually get up on there,
I think about what just happened to me,
and it's not computing.
With that, I need Joe, Thomas, and Justin
to take off their headphones.
Ooh.
Luke, Luke, Luke?
Yeah, I'm a crazy guy.
You fuck so good, though.
Did he, Don?
I'm on top of it.
I need you to...
You hit a breaking point, you said?
Yeah, over my power, loss of sanity, breaking point.
All the...
All right.
Hitting them all.
All the things.
So I need you to roll three times.
A D100, right?
Yes, please.
A 61.
A 3.
And 80.
61 is kleptomania,
irrational compulsion for stealing.
Okay.
3 is acluomania,
an excessive liking for darkness.
Okay.
And 80 is phasmomania,
an obsession with ghosts.
I'm gonna say because of where I am
when this happened,
and it's, you know, dark and gooey
and all the colors and also other stuff, right?
Yep.
The second one, compulsion for the dark.
Yeah, okay.
So you are going to have acluo, acluo, acluo.
Acluomania.
An excessive liking for darkness.
I like it.
And then you are now extremely paranoid.
I know what this is gonna manifest as.
All right, let's get him back.
Birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy, birdy.
I feel birded.
Bird, bird, bird, bird, bird, oran.
You know that one, classic one.
My favorite bird too.
Yeah, I kind of like look off in the distance for a second,
and then I look at Don.
Yeah, he's hanging there off the railing,
I walk over to where he is and I start stepping on one of his fingers.
Oh, shit.
Okay, roll against each other.
Oh, I hope I lose.
What am I rolling, strength or?
You can either like try to hold on tight,
or you can try to like move your hands away from where he's stepping.
What am I rolling?
What am I rolling?
This is a very important number.
I guess unarmed combat, I guess is technically what it is.
I crit, succeed.
No.
Jesus Christ.
Can I just like tough it out, or is that like not really an option?
Should I try and move?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So you could roll like constitution to tough it out, yeah.
That's what I think I'd do because I don't want to move.
Wait, wait, I lied, I lied.
I was looking at the wrong sheet.
Did you crit fail?
I only have a 40, so I crit fail.
Oh.
I was looking at Clark's.
Should I still roll?
Whoa, sneaky.
Yeah, go ahead and roll.
What if I crit fail worse?
I didn't, I got a 35 on a 60.
You're like, you go to step, you go to step on Don's fingers,
and a critical fail, huh?
Throw him back into the sea.
I know, right?
Yeah, he just slips and falls over the railing.
Undo everything.
And Don won't save him that time because he tried to step on his fucking fingers.
I don't have to die.
I don't think it's that.
My parachute pants open up and it slows me down so much that I can't even touch his fingers with my foot.
Oh my God.
There's an updraft in here.
What's updraft?
Nice.
Nice.
I slip on the puddle of sweat that's like dripped off of me.
Yeah, you slip on the sweat from your wet hands.
Oh, Keith Vigna, old wet hands.
What'd you do to my ankle?
I scream at Don.
That's right.
That's perfect.
Yes.
You like getting his face too.
Well, I'm on the ground, so I'm like face to face with him.
Screaming right in his face.
What'd you do to my ankle?
And I'm like grabbing my ankle and I'm like angry and very scared.
Clark, your turn.
Am I snapped out of it?
Yeah.
He starts to get his wits about him and he stops throwing things with his much vigor
and then slowly stops throwing things at all.
Oh, God.
Leo, I'm so sorry.
Oh, fuck.
Leo, I didn't mean it.
You were caught in the crossfire.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to do that.
It just happens sometimes.
I'm sorry.
And I try and help him get the putter out of the bullet hole.
Shit.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Leo.
I didn't mean to do that.
Leo, you have to admit it was one hell of a throw.
That was one in a million.
Got you right in the hole, did I?
Dang it.
Dang it.
Dang my perfect throwing arm.
This hole is so big now you can fit like two apples in here.
Hole or sliced up?
Two.
Okay, rookie numbers.
John, we got to get out of here.
It's driving us mad.
We can't be staying here.
We got to – that ball's out there.
We got to – what are we going to do?
That's my turn.
Don, you're up.
Does Don know that he was about to get stepped on or did he just see –
I guess not.
– Vigna take one step and then tweak his ankle and fall over and start yelling at me?
And then he panic screams at you.
You guys are like face to face.
I'm going to pull myself up and I'm like, what happened to you, boy?
I shrink away from him in total fear.
I want to slap him in the face to like snap him back into reality.
That seems like Don.
Can I roll to resist getting slapped?
No, I think that with how panicked and freaked out Keith is, he's just going to take it.
I do a backhand too.
Front and back or just backhand?
Oh, both would be good though.
Let's say both.
Thanks for the recommendation, Luke.
Yeah, yeah, anything.
Yeah, I like pull up the shirt collar since he's on the ground and like holding his head in front of me just like whack, whack.
It's a big coral polo.
It's actually a little too tight on me so it pulls me right to him.
Not anymore. Not after this.
Yeah.
It's going to be a huge awkward neckline just hanging down.
Oh, God.
So unfortunate.
Snap out of it, boy.
Jon, your turn.
Jon hears the trademark shrieking whimper of someone who's just been slapped.
Snapped out of it?
Yeah, by a petty more uncle.
He takes inspiration and slaps Clark who has just screamed, what are we going to do?
And Jon smacks him twice across the face, grabs him by the shoulders and says, I don't know.
What kind of sound does Clark make?
Don D. Pettymore hears the echo of slaps happening.
A tear runs down his eye.
Ouchie, ouchie.
Oh, my God.
That boy might be a ball.
But he's a petty ball.
A petty ball.
Jon Lee petty ball.
Holy shit.
Ouchie, ouchie.
Ouchie, ouchie.
It's Jack Russell's turn and he's dead.
That's one less thing on your plate, Zach.
I didn't get to say two to a canoe.
I thought you were going to say as he got pulled away and he was dying, he'd be like, two to a canoe.
Two to a canoe, bro.
Oh, well, now's a good time for that.
So, yeah, he's still hanging there and his vocal cords are pushing against the metal tendril that's going through his neck sideways.
And so as he's talking, it reverberates through the metallic arm of this ball and it's like, two to a canoe.
Truly horrible.
Jon's just like, I don't get that reference personally.
None of us did, boy.
And then it's the ball's turn.
Just make him be nice. Just make him do a nice thing for us.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, Zach, you ever think of that?
Yeah, Zach.
The ball is coming for...
It's definitely Don. It's coming for Don.
He's the only one who's like, out of one of the rooms and he's standing above Keith, so Keith wouldn't be a target.
So the biggest target is Don D. Pettymore and this thing is flinging a metal tendril at you. What do you do?
Is the hatch near me the door to get into?
Yeah, in fact, you're in kind of a spot where you could slam open the door and use it as a shield.
I imagine it like if we were standing in the middle of the rope bridge, if the rope bridge was still attached to this second stilted bunker
and we were staring at the hatch, you would be with Keith holding him just to the left of this hatch
and you'd have to reach across this hatch door in order to pull it open, putting the door in between you and the metal tendril flinging toward you
but also putting the entrance to this bunker on the other side of the hatch from where you were standing.
Yeah, I think I'd try and get some kind of cover, basically.
If you slam the door open, it'll be between you and the arm.
Yeah.
Okay, so go ahead and roll either athletics, dexterity, strength maybe, I guess, or dodge doors.
If I got a good dodge, we'll see. Nope, dexterity it is.
Wait, hold on. Oh, 47 on a 55. I've never rolled this well in my entire fucking life.
What's going on there? What was that?
It was gross.
He's making kissy faces.
That's weird.
He made a kissy face, then he made a...
There's a ghost, a sexy ghost in his house.
Kind of linguist's face.
What are you guys talking about?
Taylor brought me food.
Oh.
Is it Taco Bell?
No, it's Subway, actually. I'm very confused.
Wow.
You gotta eat fresh.
Mm-hmm. Blimpies eat fresh.
It's called Blimpie. There's no S on the end.
It's not all B's.
Wait, really?
They rebooted it with a Z.
I didn't know that about Blimpie.
It's called Arby.
It's just one of my mini pet peeves. Specifically Blimpies. That's the only one that gets me for some reason.
So...
What about Arby?
That's what Thomas said.
We're going to Arby.
Yeah, that's what Thomas said.
Oh, sorry.
All right.
Back to your roll.
What about Arby?
Dude!
Dude!
Nice. Good one.
Because that one's plural.
Windy.
Possessive.
It's plural.
There are two Arby.
I passed.
With a 40.
Which is lower.
Which is...
Wait, is that good or bad?
I don't know.
That's good for you.
Yay!
Wait, what did you roll?
I rolled a 47.
Cool.
Hell yeah.
So you slam open this hatch door.
You just rip it open and it's blocking you and Keith.
You can't see the boat at all anymore.
You can't see this metal tendril coming toward you.
And then all of a sudden, the hatch door, which is made out of the same black, colorful, inky darkness, warps toward you.
Like something is pushing into it from the other side.
And it's almost as if a stretched out piece of cotton or a canvas is being pushed by a hand.
But it's this metal tendril trying to push and break through this hatch.
And it cannot.
And it kind of rubbery bounces back.
You can't see anything, but you seem to be safe.
You feel...
There's not a metal tendril inside of you.
So you did good.
Good job.
Yeah, thanks.
Jon, your turn.
Seeing that, Jon wants to quickly...
Hey, Jon.
Sorry.
When he flings open the hatch through the doorway, you do not see the inside of a room like the junkyard bunker that you are in.
You see a vast world.
The sky is the same inky darkness that is extremely, extremely...
Oh, wait.
No, it's not.
There's no color in it at all.
It's just darkness.
And the ground is made of pure light.
It seems kind of like we got screwed on the bunker lottery, Clark.
Looks like there's a world of pure light over on the other side.
That might be nice, instead of this junkyard fucking dying-ass Leo piston.
The cat fucker.
It may not be nice, actually.
I've seen a place like that before.
The Circle of Knowledge showed me that.
That's where that creature I saw that I'm so frightened of, that's where it lived.
That's where they were trying to keep it.
They were trying to keep it in that place.
Well, Don just opened a door.
I don't think that's...
That's probably not good.
I don't think it'd fit through that door, but that's probably not good that that door is open.
Shit.
I don't know.
Maybe it is best if we just stay here with the cat fucker.
But we probably should go get Keith.
I guess we gotta take Jack Russell's boat.
Is that how we get over there?
How are we gonna...
What are we gonna...
What if I just spent months in here, Bruce Wayne-ing myself in the ways of the ooze and learning how to manipulate it.
And then once I'm like a master, then we go outside and rescue everybody.
I forgot that you're doing that kind of thing with the ooze stuff now.
Do you feel like you have control over it in an effective way?
Can we use that to our advantage here?
It really does seem like the rules are stacked in my favor, so to speak.
But in another manner speaking, I don't want to break the game by being super powerful.
And just manipulating literally everything in the world.
This ball is one-shotting people.
I think now is the time to use any resource that you have available in order to not die or not let your friends die.
You know how when we went out the Marie Jacobs door and then we came around and we were at the same door again, we did like a loop-de-loop somehow?
Yeah.
Can you create a door that does that for us to get over there?
Let me think about that.
John walks over to the wall and puts his hands on his hips and kind of considers for a moment.
And he touches the top and he touches the bottom.
And he closes his eyes and takes a deep breath.
And I roll unnatural.
And he passes with a 37.
Whoa.
Looking through this portal that you've just created, John Lee, Kevin Moore III, and Clark Bishop see a metal tendril pulling back away from this portal.
And the view that you're looking through seems to be from the side of the hatch that was just penetrated by this metal tendril.
You're like looking out of that hatch somehow.
So if you walk through, then you'd be on the other side from Don and Keith.
So it's about to come flying through this portal at us?
It's pulling away right now.
Right. But it's probably going to hit again, right?
In two turns? Yeah, probably.
One of those is Jack Russell, though, and he's dead.
Oh. Two turns, not two rounds. Okay.
You don't know that to be true.
Right. Of course not.
You did it, John. You did it.
Yeah, on the wrong side of the door, though, I think.
I mean, John, I was just warning you that that thing is in there, but at this point, maybe getting in there, maybe the ball can't get in there?
I mean, any place is better than this if the ball's going to kill us.
Can I hear this conversation?
You're kind of, yeah.
Strangely enough, you're hearing it from the other side of the hatch door.
You can hear Clark and John having this conversation.
Clark? Is that you?
John? Oh, shit.
And I'm still laying on the ground?
Well, now that gives me an idea.
John closes the portal.
I just realized your turn was opening the portal.
Okay. Oh, no. That's fair.
The ball.
Crit fail.
So this ball is, like, so freaked out.
I mean, this thing is just making these noises, these, like,
just like aggressively poking at things, you know, trying to just, like, catch bodies, seemingly trying to collect.
But it's like out of control.
As you open this portal, you see one of these long metal tendrils just flies up through into the portal.
It's like trying to, like, get one of you, but it just completely misses as John closes the portal.
And this metal tendril just falls in this Leo piston junk bunk yard bunker stilted room.
And it wriggles for, like, half a second.
And then it just stops.
You were right, John.
It doesn't, it can't, or, I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know what that means to us.
You injured it. You injured it. That's a good thing.
Yeah.
And through the John made hole in this, in the side of this room that's still there, you hear this thing, like,
Keith, it's your turn.
Keith heard Jack Russell kind of, like, yell something as he was being taken away.
And it sounded like a spell to Keith.
And he knew that Don just cast a spell.
So Keith is thinking that he was trying to cast a spell.
So Keith starts saying,
That's so good.
Amazing. Clark, it's your turn.
He wants to kick the metal tendril that is now on the ground.
What kind of texture and material sensation do I get from it?
Is it solid metal?
It's like a hard, hard, solid, shiny metal.
That was good work, John. I mean, that's, you created a portal.
It just was kind of an inopportune time, but that's the kind of thing we need now.
If we can time it right, we could either us go over there or just bring them back to our side.
Yeah, I just don't think it ever works out with the turn order.
I just don't think this happens while we're in combat.
You can wait.
What if I waited a moment and chose the time I would strike?
Yeah, I think that's probably for the best.
I'll trigger it to set off right after your turn.
I'll skip this turn, wait till the end of your turn,
and so the portal will open right before Don's turn in a manner of speaking.
I guess we can talk about turn order out of character.
That's fine. That's part of our plan.
Yeah, I will trigger this. Yeah, I'll do all that.
I'll trigger this action to go off after your next turn, Joe,
so that it'll open up and Don can run through it on his turn and bring Keith with him.
So that just means that they have to survive whatever the ball does on this round, right?
Yeah.
Yep, and it's Don's turn.
So I saw the tendril whiz into the door and then get cut off, basically.
You heard it freaking out.
Yeah, if you poke your head around the door, then you would see it's not the whole tendril.
Half the tendril is recoiling, and it's losing its mind.
Or mind. It's losing its ball.
It's marbles.
I think I'd just stay in a good defensive spot, preparing for another strike.
Keith's like, chant this spell with me, to do hakanu.
Does Don know what that does?
You would recognize it as a mispronounced phrase that your old buddy Jack Russell used to say all the time
when two of you were on the boat together.
Oh, he said two? Oh my god.
Oh, it's absolutely perfect. Oh, he just got it.
Oh, it's so good that it's just me and you, because we've got two to a canoe here.
Two to a canoe.
Two to a canoe. Two to a canoe.
Oh my god, I can't believe I didn't realize what that was.
Yeah, I had no idea. I thought it was a reference I wasn't getting, which it was.
Yeah, I was like, what the fuck are you talking about?
I'm like, I feel like I'd just be like, now stay close to me, boy.
We gotta survive this, and I'll like, is he near me, or were you like, scooting away from me?
You're like, standing over me.
You still got him like, by the shirt collar.
Yeah, I'm holding him, I have him by the shirt collar, and I'm like, taking a defensive position.
Perfect.
John is pushing his turn, Jack Russell is dead, and the ball goes again.
Don, Keith, the two of you see the ball put its long, long limbs into this shining, shimmering, silver sea, and begin moving.
It drops the body of Jack Russell onto the boat right behind the little twins, still holding onto the body of Julie Maxwell,
but it moves and makes its way toward the John made hole in the side of the original piston bunker yard,
and John and Clark, you both see, just rising from below, right outside that John made hole,
a one inch in diameter, silver sphere pop up with the tendrils coming out below it and above it.
It's made its way to the John made hole.
Keith, your turn.
I stand up.
Fuck.
I look on the other side of the door to see what could have happened to this spider.
When you look on the other side of the door, you just see it's a hatch door, it's kind of made out of the same material,
but then you see through the door this entirely new world, the sky completely dark.
It's almost tension relieving when you look into it because it is just one thing.
When you look into the sky and you look at materials that are in this plane of existence where you are currently,
it wrinkles your brain, it like tenses your shoulders.
You haven't been able to really relax even though you feel completely content here.
There, on the other side, it is just darkness above and just light below.
I want to walk in looking straight above me like trying not to look at the ground at all
and trying to not have the ground in my eyesight at all, staring straight up and just walk in.
Past the ball and in the foreground of your view, Clark and Jon both see Keith in the background walking through the door.
Clark, it's your turn.
Clark is going to try and get low and put junk piles between him and the ball at the door.
Yes. Jon, his eyes get big as he sees the ball floating there.
He kicks himself for closing the portal in the first place and hastily tries to make it again.
43.
With his experienced hand, he opens the door into the ivory endlessness of the terrain in the other bunker.
They see Keith just in front of them walking into it.
Jon yells at Clark,
Come on, buddy. We got to get fucking through this portal.
And kind of assumes, I guess, that the ball will choose Leo instead of Clark.
He just grabs onto whatever part of Clark is closest to him and drags him through the portal with him.
Dope. Amazing.
All right, Don, your turn.
I see Keith walk away from me, right?
Yeah, Keith goes to the other side of the hatch.
Do I see, like, Jon coming through?
Yeah, when you turn and go around the hatch to your left immediately on the inside of this hatch door,
you see Jon dragging Clark through and they pass you as you're standing there.
They pass you and walk right behind Keith into this new world.
I think Don just slams the fucking door and turns to go with them.
Fuck yeah.
So you come through the door, slam the door behind you, and the four of you have entered a new world.
It is Jon's turn right behind you.
The inside of this hatch is still a portal to the world that you were just in.
Anybody forget anything? Car keys? Cell phones?
Leo!
No, no, no, no. No. God damn.
I promised him we wouldn't forget him.
Yeah!
You hear a violent cry.
We gotta help if we did this to him.
Did they forget the goat they fed to the Tyrannosaurus in Jurassic Park?
No, it played an important role.
And I'm gonna try to...
I'm gonna try to close that portal.
Forty-five.
I mean, yay!
No, that's rad.
The fact that Jon Lee Kevin Moore the Thirth is just so in tune with this ability makes so much sense.
Because you're home, baby.
Jon moves his experienced hands across this strange inky doorway, removes the portal, and the hatch dissipates into nothingness as well.
The ground you all stand on is made of light.
It's a soft glow that illuminates this new world from below.
In every direction surrounding you, what could be called the ground meets what could be called the sky.
And it's this blacker than black opaque darkness.
And there's nothing on the horizon except for a single imposing building way off in the distance.
Dimly lit from below, you can see that it's a slightly shiny pitch black.
But Keith doesn't notice that because Keith is staring straight up.
And each of you understand why he hasn't stopped staring when you follow his gaze up into a tube of pure light hanging above.
The interior wall of this incandescent pipe is made of the same light you currently stand on.
And there seems to be only complete darkness beyond its well-lit passage.
And there's something in this immense, resplendent cylinder, consistently plodding the glowing terrain,
somehow simultaneously moving toward you and staying at a uniform range.
It is a towering, lumbering beast, seemingly made of the darkness that surrounds everything in this place.
It walks on two massive legs the size of trees.
Its broad shoulders swing back and forth high above the glossy ground.
And as you all stare, its image seems to form and reform over and over like incomprehensible little glitches.
And you cannot fully make sense of its shape. And then it roars.
Every muscle in your body stiffens and every breath abandons your lungs.
Bad girls on top of the water
Mary and Caroline, I'm on the borderline
Leaving my mind at your altar
Crossing the double line, doing it every time
Tell me what kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
