Welcome, my flock. It's your pastor, Wolf the Dog, and I'm here to give you a sermon
about the merits of garbage collection. We are the only trash-based ministry that will
broadcast you all live from 694.2 PTBP. I pray for y'all every day, hoping that a bounty
of trash will fill your bellies, as it always does mine. For some reason, my producer keeps
yapping on about how it's December the 6th or something, and it's about, like, 4 PM or
something thereabouts. I don't know. I just wish he'd stop yammering.
Time means nothing in the house of the Lord. Wolf bless you, my children, and Wolf bless
this mess. It's a new Howlin' with Wolf. This week's Howlin' with Wolf comes from
AtMeganIsANerd, who tweeted about the show way back in September. She writes,
Dear Mr. Wolf, While my fellow agents and I were investigating some issues in contention,
we became trapped in some kind of temporal anomaly. My colleagues have been scattered
to the four winds of time, and your broadcast seems to be the only constant. To Chad, Drew,
and Sabrina, if you can hear this, I hope you catch up to my timeline soon so we can
properly theorize about what the hell is going on here. Looking forward to catching your
house with a full pack soon, Mr. Wolf. From Megan.
Well, Megan, my voice has been known to permeate through time and space. I beckon, but only
a scant few hear the call. I know Chad, Drew, and Sabrina will hear your message, because
any chosen will hear a message when I so command it of the cosmos.
Haha, but anyway, I do truly hope your friends find you instead of being caught in some sort
of horrible alternate timeline from which there is no return. Remember, if you want
to write up something for your wolf to hout, tag at PretendingPod on Instagram or Twitter.
I've pretended to be people on Facebook. Fuck you, Zuckmarkerberg. Or write a five-star
review on iTunes and email us at PretendingPod at Gmail.com. Of course, you can also support
the show financially over on Patreon.com slash PretendingPod. Five bucks a month instantly
unlocks access to seven exclusive bonus episodes. The most recent one is a Q&A episode.
Zach discusses his campaign notes. Justin reveals his relationship with me, Wolf the
Dog, but I don't know who that motherfucker is, y'all. Luke and Thomas come up with names
for Contention's Army Surplus store, and Joe tells the story of a legitimate alien sighting.
So legitimate, in fact, it could be up next in the news. The perhaps second iterations
of the formal Contention police officers got an address and phone number for the target.
The co-founder and current majority shareholder of BarCorp, Bruce Robin. Maggie Cook tossed
them a folder full of information about BarCorp, including a connection to Jesus Christ Ministries,
the $2 billion projected gross profits for next year, and the listings for the other
three entities with the highest stake in BarCorp. Stacey Beans, Francis Beans, and The Mill
on the other side of the city, and then she burned John Lee Pettymore and dipped. Our
terrible protagonist went to the downtown brownstone of Bruce Robin, a once respectable
home and current shithole. The number 811-818-9520-1311-811 fuck. I feel like a piece of chicken that
wasn't properly tenderized, brined, and marinated, and no one wants to eat me, not even the dog.
Wolf spit me out. I'm swept up, thrown in the trash. I am nothing. At the landfill,
I land on a plastic bag named Phil. She's sweet, but I can't provide nutrients to a
fucking piece of plastic. Can I, Phyllis Theodora Festerbone III? Fucking no, I cannot. But
what I can do is drop the beat that makes you bleat. It's kudzu with no backbone.
Oh man. Another week. Another doll hair? You're not gonna trick me with that again. Oh my
gosh, guys. Wait, if this is episode 56, I think it's our year anniversary. Really? Or maybe last
week was. So the date that we released the first three... December 2nd, I believe. So I looked it
up. My podcast app says November 18th. Yes, so the first episode got released because I submitted it
to iTunes for approval, and then they just uploaded it as soon as they got approved. So then we did
our official launch later. Okay, I'm glad that you said that because it was incongruous in my brain
that I was sure that we had our launch in December. Yeah. Okay, that makes sense now. Yeah, yeah. I was
actually thinking about this. Do you want to put out a special one-year episode where we just party
on Mike? Mike party. Mike party. Who's Mike party? You are now. I know that guy. What was Mike party
sound like, Joe? He's Mike party! Mike party here. Hope you're all having a good time. I brought
cocaine. So you guys are making your way to Bar Corp, and you're driving through the city,
which again, just this like sickly thickness hanging in the air, and you see these flowers
everywhere. I want to touch it. Oh, you touch the sickness? Actually, you put your hand outside the
window and you feel like physical resistance when you put it out, but it's probably just the wind.
Physics roll, please. None of you have a science, I would assume. You don't strike me as characters
who would be good at science. I have a 0% in it. Same. I bet John Lee Pettymore would have been
good at science, but he definitely can't roll for it. Well, he was like, there was one teacher who
tried to reach out to him in like ninth grade. Biology, man. Yeah. He said, I just want to
reach cars. Mr. Yeah. Mr. Hawkins just couldn't get through. John, at this point in your life,
you're going to go in one of two different directions. You can't just keep turning left
all the time. I was thinking more of like a robot voice since you said Hawkins. John,
like there's two paths that you can take at this point. I'm such an idiot. And nevermind.
I don't get it. You can't just turn left your whole life. You are an idiot. Jesus. Yeah. Luke
Hawkins is the town from Stranger Things. I was trying to go there. I was like, I can't think of
a Stranger Things. I love you. You're the person who thinks his name is Stephen Hawkins. I realized
as soon as I've said it twice that I've got no response from the room. I was like, fuck,
I am stupid. Hawkins. Hawkins. Hawkins. Don't you guys get my joke? Hawkins. Oh my God. Hear every
dumb ass I went to high school with. I'm method acting Keith. Maybe too much. Yeah, you've been
doing that your whole life. Can Keith Vigna do a pull up? Sure. Yeah. No. Keith Vigna. My
strength's 55. Oh shit. That's not great. That's below average. That's above average. Yeah. It's
five above average. I stand by it. So you guys are going to Bar Corp and the city is gross and
there's flowers and Luke's an idiot. Yep. And there's a thickness in the air. And I love him.
I love you. I love you too. So is this going to be the tallest building in the city? No, but it is
17 stories high from what you can tell. As you pull up, you see the whole front is just covered
in glass all the way from the bottom to the top. It's beautiful. And you can see as you're walking
in, there are marble columns and the entry, the foyer that you see after you pass through the fun
circular turnstile at the bottom leading into a large lobby. It's so fun. I'll go through it
twice. Clark Bishop wearing an old seventies or eighties contention PD uniform goes through the
turnstile twice. Keith Wigner looks down at himself. I just realized, yeah, I do not look
like a cop, right? Yeah. We did want to roll into here looking like cops. Can we go to a thrift
store? I guess and get some blue windbreakers. Okay. We spray paint the FBI on the backs.
Let's cut to that montage right now. Oh, that's fun. Oh, they're having fun.
I put on a sparkly boa and I'm like, everyone's got their arms crossed and they shake their head.
No, you come back with a tiara and they're all like two thumbs up. So what are you guys wearing?
A blue windbreaker. You know how, when you go to a thrift store, sometimes you'll just find like
seven of the same like shitty company. It can be a windbreaker. It can be a t-shirt or whatever.
They all have that like gray cottony cloth on the inside. Yeah. Okay. So we found three blue
ones of those that are just blank. Um, could have been for a sports team. Yeah. You, you find,
yeah, you find them there. They're all, they all fit you well, pretty nondescript. So you can make
them look however you would like to make them look. Then I also, I grabbed any cowboy hat I
find there and throw it on. Nice. I grabbed one of those obviously fake police hat.
It's from a Halloween costume. I put that on. It's got the plastic with no words on it.
Yeah. That'll help. Yeah. I have that on and then I'd keep all my other clothes on. Yeah.
I'm keeping my uniform on it and just putting the windbreaker over it. Okay. So Keith Vigna,
describe what you're wearing. I think big like cargo shorts. I think they're teal, teal,
big cargo shorts, a like bright orange polo. I believe that's correct. Sparey's boat shoes
with a Halloween cop hat and a blue windbreaker. Maybe we should address your bottom layers too,
Keith. It's December and it's gotten pretty cold. So you've got goose pimples all over your shins,
baby. Uh, looking around, I find goose pimples, like a Carhartt one piece long sleeve that is
connected to the pants too. You know what I'm talking about? I put that on. Overalls?
Well, coveralls. Yeah. Oh, gotcha. Gotcha. They cover your overalls. The full thing. I put those
on and some boots. Okay. With a blue windbreaker and are you keeping the hat? I'm keeping the hat
and then I just ditch the clothes that I came in. So you're just, you're just free and easy
underneath. Free and easy under my coveralls. You put the clothes that you were wearing onto the
rack. That's how you think this works. This is a take a penny, leave a penny store, right?
Exactly. Everything you bought was yellow tag and it just happens to be 50% off yellow tag day.
Fucking love. Now to the 17th floor. Now immediately standing exactly where you were
before, but wearing what you're wearing now, Clark, Keith, Pettymore, you guys show up to
the headquarters of Bar Corp. Is there anyone in the lobby? There is no one in the lobby except for
a security guard and a secretary sitting at a large marble desk on the far end from you.
And behind them, there's an extremely large mural painted on the wall. And it is the painting of
George Washington crossing the Delaware, except for replacing all the guns are flowers.
Was there signage on this building as we walked in? Do they advertise that they are headquartered
here? No. Is there a directory like by an elevator or something? 17th floor. I mean,
just to see if this is only Bar Corp or if there's other stuff in this building. There is a directory
and you would see that the floors are separated into different departments within Bar Corp,
but they are all under the umbrella. Is there a Jesus Christ Ministries part here? There is.
What else was under in that envelope that we'd found? It was Jesus Christ Ministries
Health and Rehabilitation Unlimited and the Learning Center. Can I, I don't know if it's
a role or just a knowledge that Clark would have, but reading the directory, are there any
businesses or institutions that spring out as that's a contention thing that we know for sure
contention has one of this company? Well, this is where the clinker's corporate headquarters are.
No, you would not recognize any of these names from your small town of contention. And what is
the 17th floor? What is it described as? It's actually not on the directory. Does it stop at
16 or does it stop even before that? It stops at 12. Is the elevator somewhere we can just go
up to it? Yeah. I want to, I want to flash my badge at the security guard. We've got an
appointment with Winifred Worth. We're on our way up. Role persuade or law or bureaucracy?
Uh, 47 on a 60 for persuade. The silent security guard motions that that is okay and the secretary
sitting nearby is too busy looking at the computer screen to even pay attention. Does she have a
name tag? A place? The doctor is actually a man. The what? Oh, the doctor is actually a man.
Does this, uh, that doesn't make any sense. The secretary was his dad. Oh, that was really dumb.
Do they have a placard? She has a placard. Yeah. What's her, what's her name? Uh, it's not
Winifred. It's kind of what I was saying. Oh no. It's a ginger Evans. Cool. That's a pretty hot
name. Uh, is there a button for the 17th floor in the elevator? When you go into the elevator,
you see that there are buttons for one through 12. Uh, you guys just want to go to 12 and I assume
take some stairs up then or we could ask that security. Yeah. I guess I just want to be like,
Hey buddy, we're supposed to be on the 17th floor. This only goes up to 12.
He points to the, it's a different elevator. Grazie. And I've been learning Italian.
Did that come with the Kevin body? Did it?
You know, no, I mean, John Lee Pettymore has mysteries that
is a rich inner life. As you go into the elevator that he points you to, as the door closes,
you hear, uh, as he gets on a little, uh, walkie talkie. Do we hear what he says?
He initiated it. Yeah. Gotcha. And, uh, this elevator has 14 through 17 listed.
17, 17. They already clicked the button Clark. I mean, you still have time as it goes up.
Is there any advantage to maybe not going straight to the top,
maybe walking at the 16th and then we could definitely, uh, we could go through all 16
other floors first. Really make sure we've done a search role for everything. You guys are going
to have to kill so many people. You've got that prepared, right? You've got, you've got all,
all 16 floors just started out. Oh yeah. I make stats for everybody.
You better have some fucking stats for Winifred worth.
She's about to get in some combat. Do you want to try to go up the stairs to the last one or
just come right out? I just thought it out there. It's a part of the, maybe an element of surprise
is they don't see the elevator doors open with us in it. Yeah. I mean, but our, since we're dressed
up, since we are cops and also dressed up as far as, yeah, we're above board for now. Oh guys,
we just reached the 17th floor and the door opens and standing directly in front of the elevator
doors mows you down is a woman. She is small in stature. She has shock white hair. She is wearing
a very dope outfit. Her blouse is white satin and the left half is black striped vertically.
Her pants are the same material, high-waisted and one of her pant legs on the opposite side.
The right side is stripped. It's striped backwards. So yeah, they're catty corner.
And then she is wearing white platform shoes that have studs all around the sole and on her hands,
which she has folded neatly together. She has silver rings and it seems to actually just be one
big ring that wraps in and out of her fingers. Would you say that she would brass knuckles
almost like brass knuckles? Would she be trying to procure 101 Dalmatians?
I expected you. Can I get a sense of age? She is either
58 or a really, really good 72 type or somewhere in between.
Gotcha. There's no fucking way she's 73, Joe. She couldn't be the way she looks.
How old are you Winifred? That's exactly not the
question that I expected to come out of your mouth first, but I am 71.
Damn, you was right. That's about what I figured.
How long have you been working for Mr. Beans? I'm sorry. What is your business here?
Well, ma'am, I think it's pretty obvious from our very official windbreakers that we're the police.
Yes, from contention. Yeah, our buddy here has a, you know, he wants to commiserate.
Beans, sorry for you, I suppose. That's what you'd like to be known as these days.
I don't know what you're talking about. Rolled disguise.
Damn, 32 on a 30. I can see right through whatever she looks at you.
This is... And Clark Bishop.
Ma'am. And then she looks back at Keith.
So, do you have the list of questions for me? You don't know who I am?
I assume you're someone. Is that correct? More or less.
You don't know him, but you know me. How do you know my name?
The internet? Vast. So much knowledge. Just at your fingertips.
What'd you do? Google Keith's friends? Yep.
I want to Google that in my smartphone real quick and see what's coming up.
It's a picture of Clark Bishop and it says, John Lee Pettymore is no longer my best friend.
Friendship with John Lee Pettymore ended. Vigga is my new friend.
Yes, I don't know all the memes, but I got your name from that.
You like that Baby Yoda meme? I'm unaware.
He's a little cute rascal.
Well, we're just going to go ahead and go on in there and talk to Bruce.
Well, first off, if you'd like to hand me the questions that you have prepared.
Top secret.
Police business, ma'am. This isn't a friendly call. It's a work call.
While they're talking, I want to look around this floor we're on and see,
are we the only ones here with her? Yes.
Yeah. It's not like a busy office.
This has a long hallway and the floor is marble and the walls are lined with similar murals
as the one that you saw upon your entry. They are Renaissance America.
Wait, what is that time period called in America? The early.
The Renaissance? I like just said a word.
Revolutionary. There wasn't an America.
He's asking what you call that type of art that Crossing the Delaware is, which I don't know.
Boring.
That word. Colonial? Is it colonial art?
Thomas doesn't know, but he knows it's not that.
There's a lot of different American painting schools.
Sure. It's one of them.
Are they all flowered?
Yes.
So we can't come up with the name of that time period, but they're all that time period?
Yes.
I want to gesture to her almost conspiratorially and nod to take her off to the side.
Listen, ma'am, he's just absolutely torn up to hell about his brother and he thinks that
Mr. Robin's the only person in the world who might understand.
Can you see it in your heart to let him ask these questions personally?
And I'd like to try to persuade her.
Yeah. I'm going to have you roll against her instead of at a disadvantage.
Fuck.
She passed with a 26.
I passed, but with an eight.
Which would have been great if this wasn't contested.
She whispers up into your ear.
That's very well and good, sir.
However, you don't have any jurisdiction here and I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
So now I want to push her to the ground and run right past her.
Oh shit.
Okay.
Roll unarmed combat for me.
Fuck. Is this contested?
Yep. She passed with a 17.
Oh, that's what he got.
I rolled a 17.
Ty goes to the pusher.
Yay!
I was so fucking bummed when I rolled that.
I was like, damn it.
Did you fucking really roll 17?
Yeah.
Hell yeah, dude.
Why would you lie?
Oh yeah. None of us do that.
I don't hide my rolls from you guys.
I just sit far enough away.
So describe what you push with.
I, I give her a look like, I am so sorry, ma'am.
And then I just like fucking suplex her to the ground.
Run.
And I, I see this happen and I run towards where I think the office is.
It's just the door at the end of the hallway.
Big double doors.
As they take off running, I look down at her and I kind of do a half-hearted shrug and follow.
Thomas, if you could roll a D6 for damage.
It's the only time I'm going to lie about a roll and say, I got a one, I got a four.
As he hears like something crack, he's like, I'm so sorry.
We're really hoping she looked bad for 50.
You put her down right on her hip and just hear like a snap crunch.
Basically, this got really sad.
The good news is she ain't getting up.
Well, maybe you should have let a grieving man talk to the only person in the world who
would understand.
I am truly sorry though.
And I run off after him.
I don't think you're truly sorry.
I think you're white claw sorry because you're adhering to no laws.
I'm spend drift tired of your shit.
I'm sorry.
Sorry about that, ma'am.
And we'll get an ambulance on its way, but we got to do it.
And I just keep walking by.
Okay.
She pulls out her phone and dials 911.
I kicked that out of her hands and I'm like, I'm so sorry, ma'am.
I'm going to do the dialing because I don't think you're just going to call the hospital.
I think you're going to call the police on us.
Okay.
And I show her that like, I'm calling 911 too.
And I'm like, you know what?
You can tell them anything you want once they get here, but we need a few minutes with Mr.
Robin.
911, what's your emergency?
Oh my God.
My mother just fell on the 17th floor of the bar court building.
Bar court building.
She broke her damn hip.
You need to get here fast or, you know, take your time.
She's a tough old bean.
Sir, if you could stay on the line for me, what's the address of the bar court building?
Oh, it's a 501 East fake street.
And what is your name, sir?
Keith Vigna.
And what is your mother's name, sir?
Winifred Worth.
Sir, we have people on their way right now.
If you could stay on the line with me, I'd like to ask you a couple more questions.
You just say beep into the phone.
I say beep and hang up.
Sir, you're still...
Sir, I heard you say beep.
Okay.
So you make your way to the end of the hall and I need whoever has the highest alertness
to roll alertness.
I've got 60.
Got a 70.
Clark Bishop rolling alertness.
Gonna get some dice with numbers on them.
You turn around to see Winifred pull out another cell phone from her other pocket.
Winnie.
Winnie now.
Darling.
Also, I told you, you need to stand up, Winnie.
Well, we'll talk to her for one sentence and then we'll just push her on the ground.
Well, you made us do it.
I didn't feel like that.
You wanted it.
You set this whole situation up.

I'm so sorry.
I don't know why you would push a nice old lady who's just trying to do her job.
Ma'am, frankly, I'm real sorry about your hip.
I am.
But there's some extra worldly shit going on and your boss might be involved in it.
And we're just trying to literally save the fucking earth starting with our town in this
city.
So I mean, I'm sure you've got great medical through Bar Corps.
You're the fucking CEOs.
There are three men here and they have pushed me to the ground.
I kick it out of her.
No, no, no, Winnie.
Damn it.
Can we be friends here?
After all this?
Let's start again.
Yeah, fuck Winnifred.
I'm at the double doors and I'm like, guys, get the fuck over here.
Come on.
The doors are locked.
I have lock picking.
Oh, that might be useful.
I'd also like to search.
I got a 45 on a 50.
Winnifred for the keys.
Does she have a desk?
No, there's no desk in this hallway.
Okay.
I'm looking at her, like her eyeballs and her fingerprints.
And I'm like, what if she is the key?
It's actually normally pubic hair that gets you into different locations, just right under
the armpit.
I picked the lock.
Pick the lock.
And Thomas John, Kevin Lee Pettymore hears the door open as you're going toward Winnifred
to try to find the keys on her.
I'd still like to do a search rule on her.
I want to frisk her for any other cell phones.
Okay, go ahead and roll search.
Fail.
Okay.
You don't find her third cell phone.
Wily old bat.
You open one of these double doors into a large office in a state of slight chaos.
To your right, there's a wall entirely comprised of a single large bookcase that seems to have
been recently fingered through books at a time, some of which have been left scattered
about the reading area haphazardly.
To your left, a conference table with eight chairs is completely overrun with file folders,
large binders, and loose papers.
Ahead of you is a large desk in a similar condition and five deep button high back to
leather chairs that sit in a half circle facing the desk and the panicked, pacing man behind
it, jerkily moving back and forth in front of the large window that makes up the back
wall of this office, giving you all a bird's eye view of the city somehow both lackluster
and rancid.
Bruce Robin is muttering to himself.
He's wearing a black nothing.
A black nothing.
He's wearing black pants.
How do they fit?
Just right.
Well tailored.
These pants.
And a white shirt, no tie, top button unbuttoned, and a crushed red velvet like burgundy smoking
jacket.
And his hair is all askew just like mop style all over his head and it doesn't suit his
face or the way that he is dressed.
I need you all to roll alertness, all three of you.
Fail.
Fail.
Pass.
62 on a 70.
You can hear him very faintly under his breath.
Hey, hey, oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
8-1-1-8-1-8-9-5-2-0-1-3-1-1-8-1-1-1-9.
Yeah, yeah, Bruce likey, yeah.
Mr. Robin?
Yeah.
And he turns and he's like, oh, yeah, yeah, what are you guys, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
what are you guys doing?
Hey, what are you guys doing up here?
Well, we came to talk to you, sir.
What were those numbers you were just muttering?
I heard that.
What were those?
Roll human.
That's a fail.
Can we all roll?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Fail.
I pass.
47 on 80.
You got 80, human?
Yeah.
Fuck yeah, dude.
Numbers.
I know.
8-1-1-8, you know, you just said it.
No, no numbers for me.
8-1-1-8-1-8-1-9-5-2-0-1-3-1-1-8-1-1-1-9.
Yeah.
No, Bruce no likey, Bruce no likey.
Well, you just said Bruce did likey.
No.
Come on, come on.
Hey, guys, come on, come on over here and sit down, sit down in these chairs right here.
Yeah, come on, Bruce likey if you sit down here.
I'm actually very comfortable standing, sir.
Yeah, Clark doesn't take a seat either.
He immediately walks over and there is a glass on his desk, like a rocks glass,
and he picks it up and he holds it in his hand with like white knuckles and he walks
toward you guys and he's like, I think maybe you should just probably just sit in the seats,
right?
Yeah, yeah, we can talk, yeah.
Clark puts his hand on his gun.
No, no, no, no, no, no, there's no need for any of that business here.
Then you can put that glass down and step back behind the desk there.
All right, well, come on down, come on down.
And he walks over to his desk and he kind of slides across the top of it to go sit on
the other side.
Cool.
I'll walk over directly facing him.
So he just like a fat kid getting out of a pool, just like sets his belly down on the
desk and then like slowly tips over and then pops up and rotates around to the side.
Although Keith goes and sits at the chair.
Yeah, yeah, Bruce Leicke, yeah, do that.
I'll stand near a chair, but I'm not going to sit in it.
I'm going to stand behind the chair that Keith's in, kind of with my like hand on the,
not on my shoulders, but like on the top of the chair.
Hand shoes and horse grenades, I'll take it.
Yeah, yeah, all right, well.
Can I do a check that we're not standing on like a trap door?
Oh, sure.
Zach's like, ooh, there is a trap door.
Roll dexterity.
No, you can roll search, I guess.
I was afraid you were going to say that and I don't have it.
20% for you, sir.
I fail, 97.
You don't seem to be standing anywhere except for right next to a very comfy chair.
Okay.
Do you know who I am?
He just stares at you.
You can answer his question, Bruce.
You're not, you're not with, and you notice as he's just like pondering your question,
blood on his knuckles, like from a cut or scrape or something, or from punching.
And which one?
Oh, you don't know.
I mean, it would be just kind of red and cut up.
He's also wearing a silver ring with a blank, flat top on his middle finger on his left hand.
Is that something we've seen before?
Yeah, I, I, I, I, I nod, I motion with my head and eyes at Keith and John at the ring.
It looks like one of those rings I found.
Is that one of the rings that we found at?
Jim Cook's house.
Okay.
And when you rubbed it.
Light came out of it or something?
Or when you put it on, I think.
Oh, the M.
It was the M made out of four double helices.
Double helix, yeah.
You were at Jim Cook's house when I got pushed through the wall.
Yeah, it was in there.
It was in the kitchen or in the kitchen.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, I found it in the bathroom, but then I laid it on the counter when I left.
And then we came back and looked at it.
Yeah, I did.
Wait, I have that around my neck on a chain.
You do.
Yeah, you do.
Show him the goddamn ring.
Yeah, I, I take it off like the necklace part and I just kind of show it to him,
but I don't say anything.
His eyes get massive.
In an excited way or a scared way?
Both.
And he is very careful with his words.
Are you, uh, are you with?
I'm so sorry.
Jon does that.
He waves.
He's like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I was waving off Zach like, don't get too far into that.
Marietta say yes.
I nod.
Okay.
Well, if it's coming, let it happen.
And he sits down in the chair behind the desk, kind of hangs his head.
Marietta was that robot company.
They made the androids.
Yeah.
We found a file in Jim.
Do I do this in character?
No, you out of character.
We can just talk about what you guys know about Marietta.
We found all those folders in Jim Cook's secret room in his house.
And folder one was called operation stapler and it had the M helix.
And we figured out that that meant myriad.
And it had to do with the respecking androids to cut down on costs to sell to other companies.
And that's when we also found.
Yeah.
We also saw the same M logo hole puncher.
Well, yes, that's when we learned about hole puncher and some other things.
But we also saw the myriad logo on the Android who attacked us outside of, uh,
that's right.
It was on the, on the crotch of the James, the mill workers house and I've got the ring
that has that symbol on it as well.
Did it glow or something when I put it on or when I like rubbed it?
It was when you put it on because it didn't do anything for me when I found it originally,
but I never put it on.
Okay.
So at this point, what I'm just holding it.
Confirmed.
And when you say yes, I slipped the ring on.
With his head slumped down, tongue flitting back and forth across his top lip, Bruce
Robin's eyes shift up to stare past you through a messy curtain of unwashed hair.
And he begins chanting.
Towel alicorn, Towel alicorn, Towel alicorn, Towel alicorn, Towel alicorn, Towel alicorn.
I jump across the desk and punch him.
Okay.
So we are going to roll against each other dexterity.
However, I'm going to give you a plus 40 for your pulp Cthulhu talent that you took to
do combat first.
Oh, gotcha.
Cool.
Well, okay.
I succeed with a 50.
I crit pass a 33.
Yeah, baby.
The crit trumps the low, the fact that I'm still lower, right?
It absolutely does.
Yes.
I Superman leap across the desk, landing the punch in flight.
I think that's going to probably tackle the chair over and we'll be playing on the ground,
but I've knocked the fuck out of this dude's jaw.
Roll unarmed combat.
I pass a 47 on a 70.
I failed.
So roll a D six, a four.
As you tackle him, the chair tips over backwards.
Yes.
A punch from Clark Bishop is the exact same.
And you hear a snap as a sip.
That's the exact same damage.
As you tackle him to the floor, you actually see.
Oh, hi.
A pistol in his hand gets knocked just out of his reach.
And he had grabbed it underneath his desk with his head down.
Dude, I wanted to say, I was starting to haunt him.
Han and Greedo like gun at the table, but I didn't.
So I'm really glad you knocked that gun out of his hand.
As soon as that happens, I want to shut his talk box.
I want to jump over the desk as well.
And what I want to do is I want to try to stomp on his hand
and then pull the ring off of his hand as well.
Okay.
Uh, roll unarmed combat against him and I'll give him a negative 40 for being pinned.
Essentially, I got a hundred.
Oh shit.
When you go to stomp on his hand, he grabs the bottom of your foot and he just pushes
and you fall on your ass.
Oh no.
I want to grab anything I can, uh, a box of like tissues, maybe a tie that he took off.
Anything I can see.
And I want to just shove it in his mouth.
You can grab the tie that he took off.
It's on his desk.
Okay.
I want to, I want to try to just like throw that in his spell speaker.
All right, so you're going to roll strength against him and I'll give him a negative.
He passed with a 31.
I failed 54 out of 50.
Shit.
How we are cool.
And he keeps, he, he like keeps his teeth gritted together.
So you can't make it through his big old chompies.
Unclench your chompers.
Can I punch him again?
Uh, yes.
And he will actually go now.
So he's gonna make an attempt to get you off of him.
Okay.
Uh, so if you're going to punch him, he's going to roll on overcomded against you as well.
Contested me and you.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
But when you rear back to punch, he succeeds with a 51.
I fail.
So he simply gets you off.
That's a wrap on pretending to be people.
Thank you, Bruce.
Buy a Clark a drink first.
And he's gonna grab the gun.
So he, this round is able to grab the gun again.
He has it.
So it is Clark Bishop's turn.
He has the gun?
Yes.
And he is continuing his chant.
You can hear it right now in the background.
Is he standing?
No, he's still on the ground.
I think I just want to punch him again.
Yeah.
Just a real quick synopsis of what this looks like currently.
He's on his back on the back of the chair with his like head on the ground and his legs
like up in the air.
Keith is on his ass trying to recover from getting like brush hour two flipped on his
back and John Lee Pettymore is like straddling him trying to get this tie in his mouth.
Temporarily.
He's just like got a tie full of saliva that he's like shaking off his hands.
So you're going to go to punch him?
Is he holding the gun?
He is holding the gun.
I think I would, I mean, whatever, whatever role you need for, I would be keeping my hand
on his hand, keeping that gun away.
Okay.
So that'll be unarmed combat pin attempt.
I pass a 10.
I crit pass with an 11.
Shoot.
The gun merges into his hand.
Man becomes one with machine.
It's no longer possible to disarm him.
Keith Europe.
It is impossible to disarm him.
Oh, no.
No, he's got a real tight grip on the gun though.
And he is like far more maneuverable at this juncture for this round because of that critical
success.
I get up, I pull my gun out and I shoot him in the stomach.
Draw your gun, roll firearms.
64 and a 70.
Do you say anything terrible when you do this?
No, I just kind of, I see the gut.
I see the gun.
I see the gun waving around and just, I don't want to see Clark get shot.
I don't have the stomach for this kind of work.
No, I don't.
He says nothing cool.
He just reacts immediately and pops one.
Oh shit.
Blood splatters out and gets all over John Lee Petty more.
My new windbreaker.
Whose turn it is currently.
It was $2 and 50 cents.
Half off yellow tech.
Um, but 25, uh, it's new to you though.
Would I have time to talk to him in between a combat round?
Yeah.
Are you going to stay down?
Motherfucker.
You can answer our questions.
I want to just like smack him in the face with my pistol.
The bottom again.
Okay.
I actually, I forgot to have Luke roll damage.
So roll a D for damage.
Unless you, did you grab at this point?
Do I have my tiny gun or do I just have a service pistol?
You have your tiny gun.
Do I have a service pistol as well?
Yes.
I want to shoot him with just a regular pistol.
Not the tiny powerful one.
If I Clark got a handful of pistols from the circle of knowledge, so you guys would all
have one.
So I want to shoot him.
There was just like seven sitting around that accord.
Yeah.
I want to, uh, I want to shoot him just laying in the backseat, sticking out of the gun box.
You guys want a gun?
I got some.
So, uh, still a 10 for that or a little bouquet of a seven.
Okay.
So man.
Okay.
He passes a constitution check to stay with it and he is going to continue bleeding onto
the floor pooling in this chair.
It is one of those chairs that we like to describe on this show that has the buttons
deep pushed in.
So there's blood pooling like syrup in a waffle into the back of this chair.
Nice.
Thank you.
Thomas, go ahead and roll a human.
Okay.
Ooh.
Eight.
He looks at you and he's like, yeah, yeah.
Bruce no likey Bruce Bruce will stop.
Yeah.
Bruce no likey Bruce will stop.
John no likey.
When you do that, stop that.
That's what I know.
Like you want Keith to shoot at you again and your Getty, you know, like that rat.
He continues chanting.
I'm a little exasperated with him.
Down the hallway and see what Winifred's doing.
As you turn to look back down the hallway, your ear starts ringing because a gunshot
just went off.
And as soon as you turn around, you see Bruce Robin has pointed the gun to his own head
and has committed suicide in front of Clark Bishop and Keith Vigna.
I need you all to roll sanity except for Keith Vigna.
Mission accomplished boys.
Who does not have to roll sanity when humans die.
That's correct.
That's a great skill to take and tilt the green.
Fuck.
Crit fail 77.
Uh, just a regular fail for me.
Clark Bishop loses one sanity and John Lee Pettymore loses two sanity.
I'm at 14.
Fuck.
He's just covered in this dude's like blood and he's kind of out of it for a second.
Keith walks over and gets the ring off his finger.
Keith, you get the ring off of his finger.
And when you turn around, you see that John Lee Pettymore is writing on the desk in blood.
Two, one, eight, two, one, three, five, one.
Thomas looking up, you have no recollection of writing this.
Do you stop him before he's done?
Yeah, for sure.
I mean, it's freaking me out that he's not responding.
And then seeing those numbers and hearing those numbers from Bruce moments before it's
all adding up to something bad.
So Clark is putting a stop to that as quick as possible.
John, what was, why were you writing those numbers?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It's been a rough couple of days.
Just having that guy's face blow up all over me like that.
That shook me just a little bit.
But Hey, uh, listen, Maggie sent us here to kill this.
Fuck.
He's dead.
Let's strip him, search the office and a fucking report back.
I guess Clark is kind of bewildered.
Nodding one.
Do those, do those numbers mean something to you, John?
What numbers?
Those.
And I pointed what he had been writing on the desk.
Those, those numbers that you were writing on the desk, does that mean something to you?
I mean, that's the numbers he wrote.
It must, I'm sorry.
I can't, I'm a little shook up.
I must've just been writing the last thing I remembered.
Keith puts that ring on.
So I've got two, two of them on.
If I like touch them together, does anything happen?
No, but they both have the little...
Your dick gets a little smaller.
Are they, are they exactly the same?
They are the exact same.
I'm going to string the second one onto that chain again and put it around my neck.
And then all of a sudden the double doors to Bruce Robin's office swing open and the
three of you realize you aren't standing in the same places.
You were just standing and none of you are wearing clothes, but you are completely covered
in warm blood and written in the same fresh blood from the lifeless body of Bruce Robin
is a new set of numbers covering everything in the office, the floor, the walls, the window,
everything over and over and over and over.
It repeats two, one, eight, two, one, three, five, one, eight, one, five, two, nine, one,
four, and you have no recollection.
What the fuck?
How am I the only one trying to pull over?
How can you have enough?
Drowning out all the noise.
Cause nobody knows, nobody knows, nobody knows.
