What is up my dumpster dwelling hot dogs, it's your new home wolf the dog and I am here
to slather y'all in various sauces while giving you the pleasure to hear my soothing voice
before being digested into the endless void that is wolf's tummy.
Oh and also we are hitting your eardrums live from 694.2 PTBP.
This week's howlin with wolf comes from Mr. Sean Bailey who tagged at pretending pod on
twitter.
You should do that too my hot dogs, they write.
Greetings and salutations wolf, long time listener, first time shout out her.
I need to give props to my former ninja partner Carol R. Without her I would not have blessed
my ears with the sweet sounds of 694.2 and the boys of the contention PD.
So thanks for that, anywho keep on howlin my dog.
Well Mr. Sean I'm happy to hear you've been enjoying the show but please wolf is no person's
dog and I don't howl on command for any person who just tells me to.
Not unless there's a dumpster full of sweet meat in it for me baby.
Remember if you want to write up something for your wolf to howl, tag at pretending pod
on instagram or twitter, tag pretending to be people on facebook, or write a 5 star review
and email us at pretendingpod at gmail dot com.
Those iTunes reviews are apparently an absurdly effective way to get our nasty noises into
more strange ear canals.
Also the contest happening over on the subreddit ends at 11.59 PM central time on September
23rd.
All entries have a shot at winning a D&D 5th edition starter set and the winner will receive
a hardback slip case set of delta green the role playing game.
Check out all the hideously delightful entries on the thread at the subreddit r slash pretending
to be people.
Speaking of the subreddit, a few people there seem to have been paying close attention to
the news.
Last time, Clark unexpectedly shattered the aquarium in an attempt to save John Lee Pettymore
who was trapped underwater by the unnatural forces of Marvin Glass.
The two opened the door to Glass' office, unleashing a relentless surge of water that
caught Keith up in its current before he was lifted out of the drink by Marvin Glass.
The two of them, Clark Bishop and Keith Vigna, stood face to face with the head of the Glass
crime family and he showed them a polaroid picture from the odd camera that depicts the
two of them with Kevin in a world where everything is made out of darkness except the ground
which is made of light.
This is spinning out of control, y'all.
The only thing keeping me steady is the repetition, baby, it is kudzu with no backbone.
I don't want to talk too much up top on this episode.
Yeah, I want to get right into it.
But Thomas isn't here so I figured I'd share something he just said when we were in the
kitchen.
Okay.
We were talking about Ed Kemper and Luke said, how tall was he?
Six foot nine.
And he had an IQ?
Of 145.
And then you said that'd make him a really...
He could have been a really good basketball player and probably taught at MIT.
Yeah, and then Thomas said instead he became the world's greatest skull fucker.
Oh, goodness.
Which is monstrous.
And unfortunately factual.
He should have just sacked up and kill fucked his mom earlier.
Jesus Christ.
That would have saved the lives of a lot of people.
So let's dive into, dive into is an interesting word, is you're all standing on water.
Luke, I don't think I described it to you, but your feet are standing on solid ground.
So you're standing on water.
So that description, I thought maybe there was just like a tiny puddle or no?
No, you were standing on what you think you, what you started trying to swim through when
all that water rushed into the hallway.
Yeah.
You probably got dragged by Marvin Glass, like physically, like up, up, like 40 meters
up on top of the water and now you're standing there and he's just asked you what you know
about this picture.
After I would say a solid 10 to 20 seconds of just complete silence from Keith mouth
agape.
Okay.
Actually, hold up.
Some stuff happened before this.
So Clark, Marvin pulled you down like the way that you moved last time.
As soon as you made it to your final destination there, whip snapping into position, he immediately
snapped and you just went unconscious and during that time when your eyes are open,
you're just standing there, but nothing, nothing is seen from your end from behind your eyes
and Marvin and Rosemary continued to discuss this picture and he's holding it up and he's
looking at it and I just look at him.
It's not, there's something I, you got to send me over there.
You got to send me, I, I don't know how, but we got to figure out something, something
we got to, they continue having this discussion that you're not quite privy to the information
of all of a sudden Marvin perks up something in his lack of facial emotions, still twitches
and he turns and looks up into the corner of the room up to where the elevator in the
room next to his office, far above and far beyond the scale of this room, he sees the
elevator door moving and he immediately holds out his hand and there's a, there's a confused
look on his face when this creature arrives in his palm, his long fingers wrapping around
a softball sized fish head with a human body attached to it that is the size of like a
Barbie doll.
Oh my God.
And it was like, Hey, Hey there, sir.
Hey.
Oh gosh.
I'm just so sorry.
I don't know what happened last time that made, made you sure want to do that, but I,
you know, it was a real interesting place that you sent me to there and, uh, I, I've
never seen anything like it of this short and there was some, uh, feelings inside.
I will say that you survive in that environment this whole time.
And yes, yes, yes, of course.
Well, you know, I, I just, you know, going to go on and go on and find whatever's next,
you know, the next great adventure for old me, you know, now that I'm, uh, finally out
there, you know, you know, got friends now and I've, I've, here I am talking to like
the, I mean, I can't even imagine, you know, it feels like to be, to be me right now.
It's just very nice.
And um, as this conversation is happening, you see, uh, Rosemary just staring down, bearing
down on this strange little fish fella and Harvin says, you know, I, I am looking.
And he kind of looks over at Rosemary and looks back at Peter and he says, I am in need
of a new number two.
And Peter's like, Oh my gosh, a number two.
Is that like, I can't even imagine doing anything of that short of nature.
It's absolutely incredible.
Thank you so much for this opportunity.
I mean, and he looks over at Rosemary, who's just arms crossed, but Marvin's face once
again takes a different shape and it's like he smells or feels some sort of sensation
and immediately his hands move and out from the water come Keith Vigna and this scientist
lady with the, uh, the white, you know, soaking wet lab coat and the, the hair maniacally
going on on top of her head and the goggles.
And as soon as she sees Peter Dieter, she's extremely, extremely happy to see him.
And Keith, you looking around this room, you're not standing on this water, like I said, and
you see these odd people.
I mean, the situation is very strange.
You've got Rosemary in this room.
You've got Marvin Glass next to her behind his desk.
You're next to Clark Bishop who is just now seeing you and opening like his eyes to the
world.
And you also see in like Marvin Glass's hand or maybe on the desk now is Peter Dieter sitting
down there.
And I said, Peter, I'm glad you're all right.
I am glad that you're all right too.
After the last time in our meeting, I thought, oh gosh, there's absolutely no way that he's
going to make it much more than one episode.
Like no doubt about it, what's your language?
And Marvin reaches out and shuts down Peter Dieter.
Peter Dieter just stares these wide eyes, these wide fish eyes and this tight lipped
human mouth.
And I need the both of you to roll a power check for me.
Hmm.
A fail, 60 on a 50.
I also fail a 79 on a 60.
I rolled a 42, which is a success against you and therefore when Marvin Glass asks you
a second time what you know about this picture, you have to tell him like a compulsion inside
of you.
You must tell him, okay, Joe doesn't quite remember to tell me what I would know about
it.
I mean, it's, it reminds me of the place that I was with Maggie, correct?
Totally.
Okay.
Other than that, I don't know.
It also reminds you of the other picture, right?
Right.
That's what I was going to say.
Oh sure.
That we know where these come from.
Yeah.
Gotcha.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'll tell him, Oh, they're there.
Um, it's that camera there.
And I point at it cause it's sitting on the desk.
You take a photo and it shows you things that aren't there.
And uh, I don't, I don't know.
I don't know anymore.
We thought they were maybe from a different dimension or from the past or something.
How many pictures did you take?
I turned to Keith, two or three.
There was one with all the people with the torches and the old timey, uh, clothing in
front of blackness, like a black building.
And then there was another one of, uh, like a cowboy, like with his hand up to the camera
and a guy with tribal tattoos kneeling in front of him or something like that.
Say that again.
A man with tribal tattoos?
I believe I recollect that.
And a man dressed as a cowboy or with a cowboy hat looking almost as if he's trying to block
his face from the camera.
You also said the name John Peters.
We saw there was one with him in stocks, wasn't there?
Yeah, that was, I think that was the first one, one of the first ones we took.
And did, did he have fool branded on his forehead?
I think it was in that picture.
Yeah.
And in all of them, that's, it's just like a black inky background.
As you guys are having this conversation there, when, when you guys say that one of them has
tribal tattoos, Rosemary perks up and you notice, and as you're finishing this conversation,
you see she is eyeing the gun so hard.
The tube gun on the desk?
On the desk.
And I like handouts a lot.
I think I've given you guys a lot of handouts over, uh, over the years that we've been playing,
but this is an audio format and handouts don't always work.
And the way I typically use handouts is I hold them until you guys do something that
would unlock the handout, right?
In this instance, you have unlocked a cut scene.
Okay.
Whoa.
I don't play video games, but this is a, uh, I didn't mean to sound so assholeish when
I said that.
I don't play video games, I live them.
I don't waste time on frivolity, like desperately wish I had time for video games, but I work
and go to school and produce this podcast.
Fuck me.
One day I'll play video games, but anyway, this is an audio cut scene of what happens
next.
Ooh, nice.
Rosemary dives for the gun and as she grabs it, Marvin reaches down and flings the sphere
off of the desk at her.
Multiple shiny limbs extend from this small metal sphere and slam into the desk and the
water below, giving it the leverage it needs to fling its silver round frame at its target,
Rosemary.
One of its appendages slices into the soft tissue on the back of Rosemary's neck.
Mother snaps her head forward and you hear the fracture as a third metal tendril reaches
in gripping the top of Rosemary's spine where it meets her head and it rips her entire spinal
cord out of her body in one swift motion, promptly forcing itself into the now vacant
spinal column of this human being.
The new Rosemary standing before you has a crazed look in her eyes as she blows her
nose into her hand, slams the mucus into the empty chamber of this weird gun, and squeezes
the trigger on the odd looking revolver.
There is an almost blinding flash of light that illuminates your entire field of vision
and then, as if she had never been, the body of Rosemary is gone.
I need you both to roll sanity for me.
What the absolute fuck, Zach?
I don't want to play anymore.
I don't want to play anymore.
I quit.
I'm going home.
Oh no.
Oh no.
I was stoked and then I wasn't.
I rolled a hundred.
Yes!
I rolled all the zeros.
I rolled an eighty-two.
What was this on?
A sanity check?
A sanity check.
I rolled over my power with an eighty-two.
All right.
This is very fun, guys.
This is very fun indeed.
So basically, I have this set up in scenarios that you write.
Oh yeah, hit me with it.
Real fast.
She shot the gun.
Was she aiming at anything?
Nope.
So like where was the muzzle pointed when it went off?
As soon as she grabbed it.
So it just like...
Just pulled the trigger.
Yeah, it was just like aiming at the back of the room or whatever.
So when you write a scenario for Delta Green you write in these things that can happen
and when the PCs come across them or see them you write like roll sanity and then you write
how many sanity you take and a lot of them are zero slash one which means if you pass
you take zero sanity damage, if you fail you take one sanity damage, right?
But then other ones are like one slash one d6 or you know whatever.
This one is one d3 slash one d3 plus four.
Oh my god.
Oh no.
So, Joe, you're gonna roll a d6 and halve it and then add four to it instead of just
a d3.
Do you have a d3?
No, you're right.
I was about to roll a d4.
Oh wait, yeah.
I was thinking a d4, yeah.
You can roll a d4 if you want.
It's like triangle, three.
You can roll a d4.
So I rolled a four.
Okay, so that's two plus four is six so you lose six sanity.
What am I gonna do?
You automatically take the highest amount of sanity damage so you're gonna take seven
sanity loss.
Okay, that puts me at negative one.
Okay, Joe, where's that put Clark?
That puts Clark at sanity seven.
He still has a breaking point at six.
Oh shit.
So I'm fine, I'm just crazier.
Oh my god.
So, Luke, at negative one sanity, you really can't go negative, it's just zero.
So typically in Delta Green you would lose complete control of your character, however
I trust in you to be able to play a fully insane PC that I'm gonna let you hold onto
that character and do whatever you want with him as he completely loses his fucking mind.
Because we're in the endgame here, there's no point in having you bring in a new character
when we can just make this one fucking nuts.
Okay, I can do that.
So you're going to always be in your most negative state.
So you're gonna roll a negative 20 on everything and you are going to automatically fail sanity
checks and you are going to always- Or automatically succeed them all.
Yeah, basically, because everything is real, everything is good to you, whatever.
And you also have that thing that happens when you roll sanity over your power.
Yeah.
You're gonna be that all the time.
Okay.
Yeah.
So here we are in this room.
Give me one moment.
Sure.
I gotta look up what that is again.
Joe, just take off your headphones real quick and plug them ears.
So it's that you get extremely paranoid.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah.
Do you also want me to constantly be thinking, well, because I already think that I'm possessed
by a demon.
Oh, yeah.
You're going to constantly.
That's going to be a big part of it.
Yeah.
So that and be super paranoid?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Sweet.
Okay, Joe.
So here we are.
As soon as that happens, the light flashes and you-
Oh, fuck.
His Marvin Glass loses his fucking mind and then he reaches out and he holds on to everyone.
He is straining himself to do this and he is just holding you all.
You cannot move a muscle and then you feel as he kind of waggles his lack of eyebrows,
you feel your jaws begin to unclench and your tongues begin to become loose and he rolls
over his power check from earlier and says, tell me what just happened.
I saw that gun one time before and it did the flash thing.
I don't know.
I don't know.
You both failed your sanity checks and so you see the ground above the water where Rose
Mary or the body of Rose Mary just stood, all this black shiny viscous sludge that's
down there and seemingly inside all this muck is the placid body of Rose Mary.
She is lying peacefully as her limbs seem to fold into this ooze, becoming one with
the sentient mass of goop that is now sliding across the water and Marvin Glass reaches
out at one of his hands and grabs it and flings it downward into the water below and
you hear this noise that you have yet to hear.
It's basically like, you know, like there's a certain kind of kitchen top, like a stove
top kind of thing that when you turn it on, if it's like kind of broken, the noise that
it makes gets inside of your head.
You can feel it a little bit in your throat and like inside of your body.
Do you guys have that ever?
I've only had gas burners, so I'm not sure.
I know that I was thinking you were like that, right, right, right, right.
We used to have this.
We used to have this broken one in the kitchen I worked in and when it came on, it made my
throat tingle and it was just like a super high pitched noise.
It was just this frequency that would break me as a person.
You also do have the weird styrofoam thing.
Oh, fucking don't say it.
So it could be that, but I know kind of what you mean.
I can imagine that.
So that is the noise that you feel as he flings this into the water below.
I used to get that with tube TVs.
Is that what you're talking about?
Yes, absolutely.
Yeah, I feel you.
It's that old fucked up electronic system kind of thing.
You can kind of feel.
I can feel it in my throat right now as we're talking.
Makes me sick.
It sounds like it affected you a little more than it affected him.
Yeah, it makes me sick, I say.
So he threw her body down?
No, he threw the tube.
After it had already kind of become one and turned into just this massive goop, this sentient
mass that was no longer her, you know.
All right.
As that happens, he looks back up at you.
What about that?
Have you seen that before?
Keith, with just wide eyes, I've only seen that goo one time before at the water park
when it decimated two people.
I saw it once before.
It was seeping out of a picture one time.
One that came out of the camera.
One of the Polaroids.
I saw it once then.
I saw it then as well.
But at the water park, I think I was the only one of us that was able to see it.
Did you see it any other times?
Did it take people when you saw it?
Do you know how to contain it or is it running rampant through your city?
To answer your questions, yeah.
We know that it takes people.
I don't know that I've exactly seen it firsthand.
Maybe I have.
I don't remember exactly.
There was one time that me and John ran into it and there was a guy who was using a vacuum
on it and that seemed to be working until the bag of the vacuum exploded.
Who was this man?
James.
James who?
Just James.
He worked at the mill.
The orifice beneath the two slits that make up his nose kind of gapes.
So it's the mill.
What do you know about the mill?
Am I still under the influence of power?
Go ahead and roll.
Ooh, okay.
He succeeds with a 97.
Well, I crit succeed.
It's a one.
A zero zero.
Oh!
No!
Is that good?
No!
You can tell him whatever you want and he is very, very convinced that you are telling
him the truth.
We don't know anything about the mill.
We never got out there.
Okay.
Now tell me, what do you know about these spheres?
All I know is what I just saw and what I saw in those videotapes.
Go ahead and roll.
Oh, actually, just kidding.
You just tell him.
You're so fucked up right now.
Yeah, you just immediately tell him.
He says, the videotapes and what else?
I turn to Keith.
Yeah, what videotape?
With the researcher, the professor, whoever she is, I found...
Yeah, I just showed him those tapes.
He had never seen it.
There's a room.
There's a room in this building.
Anytime somebody touches one of those metal balls, it does what it just did to her and
they've got a room covered in blood and there were lots of videotapes.
I just saw one of them, but I assume that's what happens every time.
That's what she told me every time and I told her, I told her what we did with the silver
ball that we had.
Which is what?
We had a bag.
When we put it in the bag, it disappears.
What do you mean it disappeared?
It was gone.
You drop it in the bag and when you reach around in the bag, there's nothing there.
There's nothing?
Just like out of nowhere?
It was just nothing?
The little fish fella says from the desk.
Yeah, Peter.
Whoa, that's amazing.
That's so cool.
You could just make anything disappear out of nowhere.
Well, we didn't.
I don't know if we tried it with anything else, but those metal balls disappeared.
Balls?
How many?
I think we just did the one.
You've seen more than one?
Yeah.
How many have you seen?
I just think, and I look over at Clark, I just think we had two of them.
One was in that woman's head, that disgusting body's head that I think maybe, I think maybe
John Lee had that one.
He said earlier that they took one of them spears out of this lady's head and that one
of them held it in his hands.
And Marvin Glass looks up.
Is that true?
Did your fellow officer hold this spear?
Clark nods.
Yes.
Yes.
I saw it.
He held it.
Where is he now?
You don't know?
The last time I saw him.
Oh, that's right.
He died.
He was gunned down and ripped apart.
Did you know that?
Kinda.
No.
Kinda.
Kinda.
Not exactly.
Now tell me, why was Kevin in this picture with you?
You don't, you don't know?
John Lee Pettymore, the man who held the spear, he was in Kevin's body.
Marvin's eyes widen.
So does Clark's.
I thought, I thought you, I thought you had something to do with that.
You're saying that your coworker on the contention police force is inside of Kevin's body and
that he grabbed the metal sphere.
That's what you're telling me.
Clark, Clark nods again, but while he's nodding, can I look around this room and maybe down
in the water beneath us, do I see Kevin's body anywhere?
Well you do because Marvin just reaches out a hand and pulls the body of Kevin.
And all of a sudden out of nowhere, the wet dead body of Kevin is in his hand in front
of you.
And with his other hand, he grabs onto the skull of Kevin and twists it open.
In a smooth motion, like a perfect avocado.
And as he pulls the head of John Lee Kevin Moore apart, sitting inside like the pit in
a perfect avocado, you see a small metal sphere.
Holy shit, says Joe, says Joe and Clark.
Is there viscera or is it, oh yeah.
Is his brain in there?
His brain was in there.
It was like split in half as well.
Yeah.
And the sphere was like embedded.
Embedded in it.
Was there a spine?
Marvin Glass turns it over to one side so that he can hold the ball like steady with
half the skull and then he peels down and just rips the body in half completely dropping
the other half into the water and you see where a spinal cord should be, there is nothing
there.
What?
Zach, if you don't fucking stop, I'm quitting.
What the fuck?
What does that mean?
Keith is racking his brain since the cage fight.
All the interactions I'd had with Kevin, trying to think of any, I lose no sanity because
I don't have any.
I don't know.
Okay.
Well, with this new information, I have a plan for the future.
The two of you are on your way to give some heavy entertainment.
So if I could answer any questions you may have on your way below ground, meaning death,
you can ask them and I will answer.
What are those?
What are those balls?
What are they?
What, what are they?
Well, as you know, I've been doing research and I have come to very few conclusions, but
they are not of this realm and we are working to secure their destruction.
Where do you find these?
One was brought to me a long time ago by two men that I was seeking out that along with
one other person stole something from me, but I got them.
I got them all right.
And one of them stuck around as my loyal bodyguard for many years, but he brought me my first
sphere.
And I have been doing research ever since.
Was that, that was Kevin.
That was Kevin.
And he looks at the half body in front of him.
But it seems Kevin was compromised.
Who was the other man?
I do not know.
What happened to him?
He perished in my need to gain knowledge.
You see, when you break a man, oftentimes one of the easiest ways is to break down his
ability to communicate.
And when someone murders someone that they work with, they often recede into themselves
and become malleable.
If I forced his hand, I was getting what I needed to get.
We're running out of time.
You slung that silver sphere at Rosemary when she went for the gun.
So you knew it did a thing.
It tends to enter the person that it touches.
But then she still shot the gun.
It didn't work.
Is that what you're saying?
It didn't do what you thought it was gonna?
Well, I maybe did not suspect that the entity inside would do anything other than try to
kill itself as it normally does.
Do you know anyone with tribal tattoos?
That is one of my sons.
That is Jermaine Glass.
Cool.
I had a feeling.
He seems to be wherever it is that this camera and perhaps this gun are connected to.
Have you any more information about this place, this other world?
I have a little power for me.
You son of a bitch.
I pass 34 on 50.
I pass a 45 on a 60.
I pass a 72 on a 120.
So the only way to beat Marvin is with a crit?
Yeah, or you can roll over him and still succeed.
If he rolled low enough earlier, I was like, how do you roll over 120?
So I need you to answer that question.
What do you know about the world that these take place in?
What do you know about this other place?
We don't know much.
There's two other things like those.
There's a radio and there's a helmet.
The world of those photos though, it's perplexed us as well.
The inky darkness around every figure we've seen reminded us of the goo, but we didn't
know what that meant.
We had somebody take a look at that one that had a bunch of people in front of a thing
and apparently all the clothing was kind of mismatched as far as time periods go.
We don't know.
We don't know what that meant.
You've never seen another place that has the dark sky and the ground that is made of light
like in this photo?
Uh, yeah.
The old photos, we didn't see the ground of light, did we?
I think maybe no.
I think maybe no.
Yeah.
I think you've just seen it once.
It was just in this particular picture of us.
This picture and then Clark Bishop has seen it.
Right, right, right.
I've seen that place.
I've seen where we stand.
But I didn't...
Go on, boy.
Talk.
I didn't...
We weren't all there and I don't even know if I was there myself.
It just was.
I saw it.
I've seen a place that looks like that before, yes.
What were you doing when you were there?
I saw something in it.
There was a creature in that world there and there were people who were trying to keep
it at bay and it scared me so bad that I...
That's all I know.
I don't know what that place was or what I saw.
Do you have any last questions?
Why do you want to destroy these?
I thought for the longest time maybe you were trying to use them.
Use, destroy.
When it's competition you can do either one.
Who's your competition?
Power is my competition and greed is the contest and I will not stop until I have attained
control over this domain.
Last one.
That's good.
What are you?
Ding, ding, ding.
Clark Bishop, I am not from here.
I am not one of you, but rather one of many.
We are in control and we run things.
However, from the bureaucratic standpoint, I was getting bored and ready to go out on
my own.
The government has so many rules, many of which are easy to be broken, however, I do
not take orders kindly and I left them a while ago.
And I have been battling Myriad ever since.
Myriad?
Marvin Glass snaps his fingers and the two of you go unconscious.
Oh my God.
Oh my God, Zach.
Holy shit.
You guys wake up in a small, cubic room, an armory.
The metal walls on either side of you are covered in every type of weapon, armor, gadget
and contraption imaginable.
The wall in front of you has a doorway with a set of steps leading up.
The wall behind you has a square window with absolute darkness on the other side.
What?
That's all just guns, stairs, and a window to nothing.
And each other?
Are we both there?
And each other.
I check my pockets.
Do I still have my gun on me?
Well.
Here's the thing is that you are reaching for it and Clark Bishop sees this.
Do I?
I search myself.
You have it.
Okay.
Are you looking for this?
And I hold up the tiny powerful gun?
I want to knock that out of his hand and head for the closest gun on the wall next to me.
You do that and a cage appears in the square window and it's a cage that you would recognize.
It's the cage that you've been in before and inside this cage is a man so massive that
he barely fits and his muscles bulge and press against the inside of his cage and Oz
Mayhem Wolf squeezes himself out and into this room.
Hello.
I see that we are.
Oh fuck.
I was just in Marvin.
I was inside him.
Hello everyone.
Yes.
Here's where I am.
I am Oz Mayhem Wolf Oz Mayhem Wolf and I am here to I guess we are all fighting together.
He runs excitedly to go grab his stuff and he grabs a pair of boots and some shoulder
pads a football helmet and a pair of gloves and he he's all jazzed up and he's putting
on all this stuff and he heads over to the stairwell excitedly.
I call after him what what do you mean are we fighting each other or are we fighting
something else together?
I don't what's going on?
I think we are going to fight as a group but you guys better prepare because time is running
out and a timer begins counting down.
What are we what are we gonna fight though?
As the timer starts counting down water begins filling up this room from your feet up and
you need to start grabbing stuff.
I start grabbing stuff.
I want you to come up with whatever you grab in between now and our next session.
I'm going to give you a full week to decide what you're bringing with you.
Wow.
Okay.
You can have pretty much fucking anything.
You can have any sort of armor any sort of gadget any sort of weapon anything like that.
Is there any chance that Oz looks back and says what we're going to be fighting?
No of course not because that would be no fun whatsoever but I will say that a circle
opens up in the ceiling above you at the top of the stairs as you guys all grab everything
that you brought with you and head up the stairs and a disorienting amount of light
and sound pours in and you hear violently chanted by an unseen crowd.
Play Jugga Jugga Play Jugga Jugga Play Jugga Jugga Play Jugga Jugga Play Jugga Jugga Jugga
Oh my goodness I cannot wait to be brainstorming oh my god I've been waiting a year for this
holy shit dude what the fuck I'm like so stoked wait so we
when we woke up in this room did we feel anything in what way if we lost consciousness
did we wake up like it's weird you've actually been healed up to full health for some reason
well that's not what I meant but that's fucking awesome I kind of meant that I like like did
we feel like we had been like knocked out or whatever yeah like some sort of some sort
of immediate sleep like you just became in this other place you just came all over it
did we did we really get all the hit points back yes you're fully healed and ready to go
as Keith hears this the screams from the crowd I look at Clark and say planet juggernaut I
barely knew her not we got to pull the comedy tag off this
so we've been playing a closed game which means that we leave the room when the PC is not there
that way you can keep secrets from each other and stuff however the next episode is going to be
this is gonna be kind of apparent so I figured I'd let you guys be in the room for this scene
with John Lee Pettymore as we lead out of this episode so John Lee Pettymore in a dark room lit
by various electronics and machines we see a massive shiny metal sphere 20 feet tall with
silvery arms extending from either side a tube connects this gargantuan ball to a machine below
the machine begins whirring and we see a small metal sphere roughly one inch in diameter begin
moving up through the tubing into the larger armed version of itself as this happens you
John Lee Pettymore feel alive again you feel your consciousness extend itself throughout your new
body this colossal monument to destruction a vast circle opens up in the ceiling above you
and it's disorienting amount of light and sound pours into this dark room revealing text painted
on the back wall that says the same thing you hear violently chanted by an unseen crowd
I give my new hands a tentative like punch together kind of dig in what the fuck sorry
boys but looks like y'all about to get juggernaut I can't I can't wait to kill
try
you
