Salutations, my little honeybees.
It's your beekeeper, Beastie Wolf, the dog.
I'm here to protect you at all costs
while getting a little taste
of that sweet, sticky honey every now and then.
I can't wait to make some toilet wine
with y'all's sweet syrup.
I am buzzin' at you live from 694.2 PTBP,
the only radio station located
in a trash hive of my own making.
What's that sound?
Is it the mail truck?
They're saying I got a new Howlin' with Wolf, baby.
This fine edition of Howlin' with Wolf is from Bee.
Very nice.
Who tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pod,
proving that even the busiest bees can take time
to make this old Wolfie feel something again.
They right.
Have you seen the yellow sub?
Have you felt its honey mustard contours
dripping around the edges of that braised brain of yours,
encased in a sun-toasted bread of skin and bone?
The sponge monkey elders assure you
those are olives, not eyes.
And if you haven't seen the yellow sign,
I mean sub, you will soon.
Damn, Bee, don't threaten to dog the wolf with a good time.
You're talking about toast, you're talking about mustard,
and braising, and goddamn, I am fucking pumped
for whatever the hell it is you are talking about.
If you wanna write up something for your honey wolf to howl,
tag at pretending pod on Twitter or Instagram,
or write up a five-star review on Apple Podcasts
and let my producer know at pretendingpod at gmail.com.
And if you're already wrist-deep in the interwebs,
go ahead and share the trailer for season one
of Pretending to Be People.
Share it on the mountain, share it over the hills,
share it everywhere.
Jesus Christ wouldn't have been so him-damn-bored.
God damn it, Zach.
If he had access to all this sweet content
in the show notes, and if that ain't the truth,
then this ain't the news.
Last time, we lost a few dear friends.
Please bow your heads and take a moment
to reflect on the lives of Jimmy Sanders,
Carmen the Possum, Harry Klinker,
Rusty the Distinguished Gray Dog,
Professor Horace Green, and the decapitated head
of preacher-sheriff Dr. Bobby Custard.
Damn, I miss all them.
Then the ball that is John Lee Pettymore
summoned Planet Juggernaut and friends
to fight alongside the Overseer against Rose Mary
in this gigantopumpathy-pipicus.
Taking us to the top of round one is Dragon in 3
with What Kind of World Are You Living In?
["What Kind of World Are You Living In?" by Dragon in 3 plays in the background.]
["What Kind of World Are You Living In?" by Dragon in 3 plays in the background.]
Whoa, whoa, everybody, welcome.
My name is Nick Nichols and I am here with my brother, Nick.
Wait.
I forgot my name.
I'm Nick, you're Nick.
We're all Nick for Nichols, and welcome.
We are here in, oh my goodness,
where the fuck are we, Nick?
I don't seem to know, but it is terrifying me to my core.
I am scared.
Look at that big fucker on the left.
And we've got, thankfully, bringing us home,
giving us some shelter with it,
I don't know, that hurts, is Planet Juggernaut.
Thanks, Nick, I'm just glad to be here.
I'm really excited to start mixing it up again.
Gotta admit, this is a little fancier than this crap pit,
but I think I can still be a scrapper.
Hope I can put on a good show for you guys.
Back to you, Dick and Nick.
Dick is dead.
Nick and Nick Nichols here,
and we are gonna go now to our correspondent.
I see him, he's running a buck.
He just came down in a full Technicolor flash
of light over there.
He is crying on the ground.
It's Jeremiah Jones Johnson.
Let's go with him now and see what's going on.
What do you think about that, Nick?
As before, I just always love to hear
my boy Jeremiah say stuff.
Hello, it's Jeremiah Jones Johnson here,
and I don't know where the fuck he is,
but we're gonna try to find out now.
And he walks over and sees a few other people
who've just been seemingly teleported
into this plane of existence,
three individuals who have just made their way
onto this plane, standing on the ground made of light.
What's your name?
I'm Brad.
Hey, Brad, where are we?
It's the dark world.
I gather it's the dark world.
Yeah, yeah, that makes sense.
And he pulls a T-shirt out from behind his back
and hands it to you.
Oh, sweet, hell yeah, thanks, Jeremiah.
And you, you're, what's your name, sir?
My name is Patrick Star, and, wait, is that?
Is that the SpongeBob character or the porn guy?
Okay.
Well, let's take it down to Jeremiah Jones Johnson
for our new game.
Is it the SpongeBob character or the porn guy?
My name is Patrick Star, and I disagree.
We're not in the dark place.
This is clearly heaven, and that's God,
and I, for one, and I'm gonna go rush up and meet him.
Okay, oh, and he's gone.
He's running full armed, like,
at the can't jump ropypicus.
Okay, and Patrick Star runs directly toward one of the legs
of this enormous, shadowy, dripping creature
and disappears into it like a open door
with only darkness on the other side of it,
and he is no longer visible to the human eye
or any other eyes.
And this third person, who are you?
Hey, you can just call me Jerry.
Oh, hey, Jerry.
Cool voice, what's your deal, man?
My grandson brought me up to the city to go see the games,
and well, this ain't the city.
No, it's not.
Back to you, Mick and Nick.
Oh, thank you so much there, Jeremiah Jones Johnson.
Jones, because I called you Jones Johnson
because you called yourself Johnson.
Somebody else called you Johnson,
so we're good with all of it.
Jeremiah Jones Johnson corresponding on the field.
Thank you so much.
Nick Nichols, what do you think about all that?
You know, I've said it a thousand times.
Every time Jeremiah says things,
I light up with a joy that just cannot be found
in any other place in my life.
What?
Let's go down to the field and see what happens.
This massive, lumbering, shadowy, dripping creature
that we've been calling the Gigant Umbropithecus
because someone in the circle of knowledge called it that,
grabs out with one of its enormous, massive arms now,
so large that it can hold onto the illuminated pipe
that is hanging in the sky with its hand.
Once trapped inside this eternal treadmill prison,
it can now hold the entirety of its former...
Cage.
Thank you, cage, within its grasp.
It rips and throws this toilet paper holder
with light shining out through the middle of it,
throws this thing behind it as its other hand
reaches up and touches the sky.
It's gonna testify.
It's up in this spot.
Luke, how do you think it looks?
Fuck.
That's right, extra fly.
Extra fly.
It touches...
It touches the dark sky above,
which immediately breaks and waves begin to form
an ocean of black ichor.
It is moving like dark, lagoon-y waters.
So gravity, seemingly, up there is opposite
of the gravity that you're on.
Does that sound cool?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Gravity.
A dark sky sea of endless blackness.
A dark-sized ski of endless darkness.
That's right, yeah.
Stark ski and hutch.
Word association.
Yeah, kids, if you wanna know how to be funny,
just remember what sounds sound like other sounds.
Yeah, it works 100%.
And blurt that out almost compulsively
and you'll be just like your best friends,
the boys at PDBP.
PDBP.
Everyone's best friend, PDBP.
Rose M-A-R-Y looks at this new set of issues.
She's coming straight for Planet Juggernaut.
Two of her metal tendrils slam down
into the illuminated ground below her
and she flings herself toward this enormous, robust sphere,
a larger version of what controls her.
And the other two tendrils are going to try
to penetrate the armor of Planet Juggernaut.
Does he get a reaction?
A hundred.
Laser eyes.
Fuck yes, all right, let's roll.
Mother fucking shit.
What did you roll?
I rolled a 66, it's a critical something.
It's a critical something.
I don't know Juggernaut stats, I don't have Mandy.
Would they be in the big thing of...
Much like Nick Cage, you don't have Mandy.
Fuck, no, cut all that.
Why don't you have your stats?
Dude, I don't know where our giant robot stats are.
Thomas, they probably don't exist anywhere.
I just wrote them on a piece of paper for you one day,
like years ago.
I do explicitly remember you just jotting them down
on like a scratch piece of paper and we used that.
It was a scratch piece of paper, why don't you have it?
I'll look for it in the box real quick.
He had real good stats.
Let me pull up the pulp Cthulhu rules.
I'm pretty sure that's what I pulled it from.
Yeah, because I remember you based it
on something you found.
Found pulp Cthulhu.
Robots tend to come in two varieties, giant and killer.
Laser beam, 80%.
Hell yeah.
Critical success.
Nice.
Damage 2D10, so roll 4D10.
Hell yeah.
10 and two for the first ones,
10 and two again for the second ones.
Whoa.
Damn.
That's wild.
24 points of damage.
God's here guys.
Describe how these lasers absolutely wreck shop
taking over half of Rosemary's hit points.
She was coming at him.
How was she coming at him?
She flinged herself at this planet juggernaut
with two metal tendrils shoved into the ground
and the other two are in attack mode
trying to stab into the planet juggernaut.
Okay, so with surprising swiftness,
planet juggernaut's eyes kind of swing around
and lock onto Rosemary.
They flash red, two beams come out of either eye
and you see the tip of the tendrils
that are like about to attack them
just kind of slice clean off.
And so he destroys like half of her body, he said.
Yeah, yeah.
So it's exactly like a dope fucking samurai movie
where you see the lasers seemingly
go right through her middle,
but nothing happens for a second.
And then the bottom half just slides away,
but you can still see like anger actively on her face,
but it's more like annoyance as she begins
to just climb out of this Rosemary like shell.
Keith, it's your turn.
Am I on planet juggernaut or am I on the ground?
You are in a very dark building.
Oh, that Keith.
That Keith.
Yeah, there's a few, I think.
Keith, I guess, what has Don done to me?
You are being held by the caller by Don D. Pettymore
and he is angrily yelling at you
because he has just seemingly failed.
His whole mission was getting to this phone
and then he seems disappointed by the results.
Hey man, what's your problem?
What's going on?
It's all good in here.
I love this because I feel like I'm shaking you.
I'm just like limply like.
For listeners at home,
Luke just did the thing that like inflatable men do
in front of big car dealerships.
More like Muppets do when they're excited.
But your voice belies the extreme emotion of the situation.
Hey man, the phone, what is it?
They didn't say anything to me.
It's all, none of this means anything.
Don't you, why don't you fucking understand?
Well, let me give it a try.
Give it to me, give it to me.
Don D. Pettymore like kind of immediately stops
and just drops you but he doesn't give you the phone
but he kind of walks away from you.
Can I get up and go to the phone?
Yeah, sure.
I get up and go to the phone.
Yeah.
I pick it up.
I'm like blindly feeling around for it
because I can't say anything.
There it is, yeah.
And you blew the candle out.
So go ahead and roll on whether or not
you can find this phone this turn.
Just a 50-50.
No, roll luck.
17, I pass.
And so you grab onto this phone
and when you lift it to your ear, you hear.
Hello, this is Keith, who's this?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Roll intelligence.
I fail.
Shocker.
What is Keith's intelligence?
50.
All right.
Not bad, I got a 63 on a 50.
You're not really able to put together
what you recognize this sound from
but you know that it sounds familiar.
Hmm, Don, this sounds familiar.
I'm gonna maybe just keep listening to it for a second
and maybe in just a little bit I'll be able to,
it'll come to me.
And Don's in the corner like,
the fucking piece of shit thinks he's better than me,
thinks he can use the phone.
I'm the one who came down here to get the fucking phone
but I'm not talking to anyone in particular.
I grab the phone, like the base of the phone
and I lay back down on the ground
and just like hold the receiver up to my ear
and keep listening to it.
Just waiting for the internet company to get back to you.
Back on the illuminated battlefield,
creatures appear out of nowhere
in between the dark oozing ocean above you
and the illuminated land below you.
Above you and below you, what did I say?
Between the, whatever.
And,
Who the fucking gives a shit?
Nobody cares, nobody's listening anymore.
This nerd shit doesn't matter.
This isn't, none of this is real.
Guys, we only had four listens on the last episode
which means one of us didn't listen to it.
Who gives a flying fuck?
Between the dark, mysterious choppy waters above you
and the bright light shining up from below,
in this air of nothingness in between,
massive creatures with gaunt frames
in black suits with translucent skin fall to the ground.
And as they do, they are surrounding
this luminous land liturgy that is worshiping the overseer.
They look directly at this floating man,
his arms out with his dark robes and his cowboy hat.
And in unison, they all say,
Hello, subject 1522518195518, we found you.
Please come with us.
And they all reach out their hands simultaneously.
It's the overseer's turn.
Clark, go ahead and roll
for the alternate version of yourself.
Go ahead and roll for Clark Old.
Okay, what am I rolling?
Just up and down, D100.
It's an 11.
Oh, it's a critical.
I'm showing the camera to the dice.
It is a straight up 11.
You see his arms move out.
His right arm is pulled to one side by one of them.
His left hand is pulled to the side by another
with their minds.
His legs are held down by two of the others.
You see he's fighting against it.
But one of them is trying to get a hold of his head.
His entire face becomes engulfed in light.
And he beams this light at one of these gaunt
alien creatures wearing black suit.
It's translucent skin pops puss and ooze.
Not green, not yellow, just this clear milky slime.
Hits the ground in a pile of a black suit covered in...
Nope, I'm gonna throw up.
The popping of pimples really gets me.
That's like fucking disgusting.
So, it's like with the beam,
he's got fingers on either side of just this
volcano eruption of puss.
Just comes out, I'm gonna throw up.
And then he turns and looks at another one
because he critically succeeded.
And he does it to a second one, looks at a third one,
does it to a third one.
There's only two more left on the field.
You ever DM so hard you make yourself throw up?
Clark Old, they're not Clark Old, just Clark Bishop.
It's your turn.
Clark, my Clark, our Clark,
the Clark we've all come to know and love.
He just saw what he thinks that he can become.
And he wants to do that.
He wants to be that.
And so he's just gonna do like he did with Anne Love
and try and imitate everything he just saw the overseer do.
And he wants to try and make his face turn into bright light
that pops translucent beings.
Okay, go ahead and roll a natural.
The two that popped,
are they the ones that have his hands?
Yeah, but not physically.
Okay, gotcha, gotcha.
They were like away from him.
They're holding him with that grip
that one of them used on Keith Beans earlier in the show.
And Marvin Glass used on Clark Bishop at one point in time
where they can physically grab you from further away.
Like Darth Vader, I like Star Wars.
I like Star Wars a lot.
Yeah, I'm popping the other two, trying to.
And it's a pass, a 28 on a 63.
They rolled a 17 earlier against Clark Gold
and that roll carries over to yours,
which means that you succeed
in being able to do this to one of them.
Please, can you describe it so I don't gak in my own throat?
As I said, he's imitating what he had seen.
He doesn't know exact,
he saw the concentration that Clark Gold exuded
and that he just tries to mimic that.
He just tries to scrunch his face up a little bit,
clear his mind as much as possible and just picture light.
He just wants to picture light.
He doesn't know a hundred percent if it's gonna work,
but it kind of did that last time with the blood thing.
And he thinks that maybe, I don't, and his head,
just like a light bulb turning on illuminates
and it kind of startles him even
as there's now a bunch of light flooded the area around him.
And he just directs it all as much as he can
into one of them.
And as though being squeezed on both sides,
goo erupts off the top of one of these things,
popping its head, fully volcanoing and splashing outward,
maybe probably hitting some of the people in the circle
with some pretty awful, pretty awful awful.
Awful awful.
It's this guy named Zach who's in the crowd
and it's like really warm and he can feel it.
Gets in his mouth a little.
Yeah. Gets in his mouth.
Oh!
Zach falls to his knees,
begins throwing up on the ground
and gets trampled by some of the other chanting people.
Clark is also, he's like proud of himself
and he gives a thumbs up to Clark Old and a smile.
Like, I did good, dad, huh?
At this moment, you see all the anger
that had come from Clark Old previously dissipates
and he looks at you with this,
that moment when a father realizes-
TFW.
I thought you said DFW and I was like-
Like Dallas, Fort Worth?
The pride that all fathers have
in the Dallas International Airport shines on his face.
Dad's face when- No, he looks at you and it's-
Oh!
Yeah.
So what's the prevailing jiff of someone becoming,
oh yeah, it's the guy in the woods with the,
is it Grizzly Adams?
That's what I was thinking of too.
Just the single head nod.
It's not Grizzly Adams.
It's not Grizzly Adams, but it's the guy in the woods.
Is it Jeremiah Johnson?
No, it's something else.
Jeremiah Johnson.
Jeremiah Johnson- The nodding man?
On the field reporting.
Yeah, the nodding man.
Robert Redford.
No, it's not.
What?
Is it not?
No, it's not.
I found it though.
Nodding man, jiff.
I sent it to the Discord.
Origin.
Yeah, but I'm looking for who it is.
It is Jeremiah Johnson.
Yeah.
That is-
This man is actually Robert Redford.
Dude, it is Robert Redford.
Yeah, that's what I was saying.
Wait, no, Robert Redford is Jeremiah Johnson,
but that nodding man is not Robert Redford.
Oh, okay.
That's what I was thinking.
Oh.
Who is this then?
I don't think.
It doesn't look like-
It's a gif of Robert Redford playing titular role
of the 1972 film, Jeremiah Johnson.
Dude, he looks so thick in that movie.
Weird.
Yeah, that doesn't really look like him.
It's wild.
I love that there's a lot that just says this is-
He's an ugly motherfucker.
That just say Zach Galifianakis is this man,
when it's clearly from the 70s.
Yeah.
Dude, he was like a heartthrob though, like-
What is he holding in that gif?
What the fuck?
You know-
A rifle.
There are shots of him in that movie
where he doesn't look like he does in that gif.
He's holding it to the side.
Yeah, every other picture of him in the movie
looks like Robert Redford when you pull it up.
Exactly.
Only this one looks like Zach Galifianakis.
It's really fucking weird.
Okay.
He looks at you like Robert Redford and Jeremiah Johnson
and just slowly gives you that slight smile and head nod.
And that feels real good to Clark.
Don.
Does Don hear New Commotion from outside?
Oh yeah, dude.
Or what's the building?
I didn't know if the building is like sound insulated
or some weird shit.
It is, but just enough to where you can hear
New Sound Commotion from outside.
New Sound Commotion is my favorite band for teenagers.
Teenagers.
With the hit single New Sound Commotion
on the new debut album, Hit Sound Commotion.
New Sound Commotion.
Hit Sound Commotion.
Rocking like the ocean.
Is it above you or below you?
I'm like, hey boy, are they, can you speak to them?
Are you talking?
Is that what Keith is doing right now?
Yeah, into the phone.
Jesus Christ.
Oh God.
I don't fucking know.
As he says that, you hear the same noise that you heard
on the other end of the telephone.
That's like, this noise comes from outside.
You hear it.
So I think when I hear that noise,
it'll like click in my head and I'll be like,
maybe they're here to help and I'll sprint downstairs.
Jon, it's Ball's turn.
Ball, while Mary has been caught off guard
by Planet Juggernaut, or is at least, you know.
Caught off guard.
Yes, sliced in half.
As Mary Ball and like Octopus is like moving out
of Mary body, Jon Ball, just in pure tiny silver form,
whips at her as hard as he can,
is gonna try to just knock her on her ass,
basically, on her ball.
A ball on ball.
This is dope.
All right, let's tangle some wires.
What should we roll for this?
Oh yeah, roll ball.
Get the Pulp Cthulhu ball stats.
Roll a natural.
Okay.
80, fail.
75, pass.
The ball of Jon Lee Pettymore lunges at the ball
that is pulling itself out of the top half of the body
of Rose M-A-R-Y, Rosemary.
The clean cut across the leather jacket
and white t-shirt of Rosemary is dripping with blood
and you see as if sheet metal
has been completely sliced clean.
It's like a layer of t-shirt that is red,
stained with blood, and then there's skin,
and then there's this metal, and then there's more skin,
and then there's reinforced metal,
and then inside you just see these lengthy intestines
spill out onto the illuminated land below.
I don't, what if she keeps the top half of Rosemary
and then it's a walking eye situation
but with an angry Rosemary torso
just dripping its intestines all over the place?
There aren't a lot of moments in this show
that make me as happy as the one
that you've just suggested now.
Thomas, 10 luck.
Nice.
And as you come at her, she kind of,
she flips up to where you just barrel
into the bottom half of Rosemary
and your ball disappears up into the guts
of Rosemary's body and you are stuck inside
of this human goop.
That's dope.
I came from the muck and I'm stuck in the ball's guts.
Oh no.
I thought I'd get it.
Back to the lab again.
Yeah.
And now we're gonna go to our newly minted old characters.
They haven't been around since episode 46.
It is the scrap pit versions of Keith, Clark,
and then John, who is inside Planet Juggernaut.
So we'll start with Keith.
It is Keith's turn.
Whoo!
Keith just jumps with his pneumatic legs,
jumps right at Mary,
and starts shooting his freezing liquid
and is aiming his legs to just smash into her frozen head.
Radical.
Or roll.
Stankling icicle guts.
Either one, depending on my roll.
And 19, which I think is a pass.
It is, but she uses her
No, she doesn't.
against John, which was a 75, which was also a pass.
You freeze the whole bottom half of Rosemary
and as you come down to try to take her on, essentially,
she uses the two tendrils that haven't been sliced off
to grab onto her frozen bottom half
and hold it up like a ice cold shield
that your fucking rad feet just boom and shatter
and the bottom half of Rosemary just explodes
into tiny little icicle pieces all over the ground.
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow.
And for the rest of the combat, I will call you Elsa.
Clark Bishop, it's your turn.
This Clark had stocked up on a bunch of stuff
from a crazy room of providing.
And I think I have a sniper rifle still.
You do.
So I'd like to shoot that sniper rifle
aiming at where I think ball resides within Rosemary.
I'm tracing the lines of the feet up to a point
and I'm just taking aim at that point.
Okay, yeah.
The ball is actually visible currently,
holding itself right above the top of her head.
She's still in control of the top half of Rosemary
through the spine with one tendril,
but the ball itself is like she just got an idea.
It is the light bulb right above her head.
Oh, okay, cool.
That's what I'm aiming for.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Uh, that's a 99.
Damn.
That plays for this version of this Clark.
He was not doing great in that fight anyway.
He just popped up and was,
what the fuck?
Poof.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
This Clark was cursed by death magic and at zero sanity.
That's true.
Oh yeah.
When he reaches back with one hand
to grab onto the sniper rifle,
his hand just immediately hits the trigger
and he doesn't even see it coming
because the barrel is right behind his head.
The frontal lobe of Clark Bishop
flies out the front of his skull.
And I mean, his cranium is now shattered
into 40 different pieces
that then spray out onto the ground.
The people who are chanting below
look up as this third version of this same person
just, and the headless body of Clark Bishop
just kind of falls off the side of Planet Juggernaut
and hits the ground shoulders first
with no head to stop the fall.
Damn.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Bye bye.
That was quick.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
If Planet Juggernaut is a horse,
then call that man a headless horse man.
Oh my God, Nick Nichols.
He was riding him and now he's not.
My God, your wordplay hasn't suffered one bit
in this new hellscape we find ourselves in.
I'm so proud of you, my brother.
Remembering who I am,
I wrote out that I talk without thinking.
Moving on, it is.
Planet Juggernaut's turn.
So Planet Juggernaut has just seen his Clark
have his head explode.
Yeah, that's a bummer.
Correct, yeah.
Yep.
Yeah, so now Planet Juggernaut is helicoptering
from his tiny little Inspector Gadget helicopter blade,
zooming full speed at Rosemary.
Awesome.
And he's got his big Mickey Mouse gloved hands
extended forward like he's trying to full on
superhero puncher when he gets there.
Go ahead and roll.
You have a 60% in fight.
39.
It is still in the same round as her 75,
which was a pass from earlier.
So two tendrils grab into the luminous land below
and backstroke and dodge nimbly out of the way
as Planet Juggernaut hits the ground
right next to Keith Bishop,
who just landed, shattering the frozen bottom half.
Clark Bishop.
Did I just say Keith Bishop?
Keith Bishop.
Whoa, fun new wrinkle in the story.
If every time we misspoke about character names
had to be included in plot canon,
then this story would be confusing.
Well, we could have a really fun
and incestuous filled like prologue
where the Beans, the Bishops, and the Pennymores
just all get together in like the 1920s.
And we're all, there's just so many secret Beans babies
littered around contention.
It's ready to pop up.
Oh man, Beans babies.
Collectible Beans babies.
Keith Vigna.
Keith Vigna was the person whose name I tried to say.
And now it is the turn of John Lee Kevinmore, the third,
who is face first on the ground,
having just been brought here by Planet Juggernaut.
Very confused by the situation that's at hand.
He was just crushing Wheel of Fortune, not two seconds ago.
He fires his gun into the air.
All right, that is the end of round one
of this other Wild, Wild, Wild Lake combat, Nick Nickles.
And first off, we have this enormous beast to our left,
throws a weird pipe made of light on the inside behind him
and then touches the sky.
Oh, he's gonna testify!
And the sky above turns into an ocean of blackness.
What do you think about that, Nick Nickles?
I'd love to go take a dip in that,
but I do think I would never return to be with you,
my beloved brother.
He looks deeply into your eyes and puts out a hand
that he wants to interlock hands slowly.
Yeah, we do the thing where our fingers match up,
but then-
And then slide off to one side and then interlock.
I would miss you forever and never forgive myself.
I wouldn't forgive myself either.
Rosemary Lunge, the Planet Juggernaut, got sliced in half.
He jumped inside of her.
Keith Beans, one of them jumped down,
froze onto the bottom half, smashed that to bits.
Planet Juggernaut jumped to the side of that.
They're all diving all over the place.
Clark Bishop exploded the back of his head.
Oh my God, he just completely deheaded himself.
What do you think, Nick Nickles?
Deheaded.
There seems to be a lot going on in this combat,
but I can't help but think Clark Bishop
has been an absolute failure, both in the pit
and in this new hell we find ourselves in.
However, we do see another version
of seemingly this same man.
He's dressed in a weird 1970s version
of a contingent police officer uniform,
and this version of Clark Bishop,
oh, light came pouring out of his head
to save an older looking version of himself
from these large creatures,
oh, who seem to resemble our former employer,
who's now locked forever in some sort of weird icicle box
into a lava volcano.
Bobby Glass, they kind of look like him.
What do you think about that?
All I know is all these details are ruining my brain,
but I feel compelled to speak in a sports announcer voice.
Back to you.
Oh my God.
Jesus Christ, what the fuck is this shit?
Hey, do you guys want to play Delta Green?
No.
We could do this other thing though.
The other hand of the Gigantumbropithecus,
shadowy and dripping with ooze and pure darkness,
reaches up and additionally begins to waggle
its long phalanges into the murky water above you.
Two things happen in that moment.
One, the water begins to rise.
It is slowly lowering down toward you all.
And two, multiple unspeakable worm-like abominations
erupt out of the surface of this black, icorous ocean.
These things rise at least 10 feet out of the water,
down toward you, still far away this round,
but seemingly will be moving toward you
with each further round played in this combat.
They're tube-like, they're covered in squamous,
black, partially translucent membranes.
Their bodies are segmented,
toxically green, pulsating arteries and veins
can be seen through their thin looking exterior.
They have no identifiable eyes or nose
and their cavernous, circular mouths,
one sitting just inside the others,
are lined with hooked teeth.
They spit out saliva that's somehow darker than black
and from these maws, these sharp stylets protrude
like something between a tongue and a noodle-like needle.
Does Wheel of Forch John wing one
when he shoots into the air?
Roll.
Firearms.
70 on a 60.
The bullet hits one of these things
and it reacts not at all to the bullet fired
from this Wheel of Forch John.
John Wheel Pettymore.
Rosemary's turn.
Rosemary plugs one of her metal tendrils
into the ground next to her and then goes deeper
and then goes deeper and out in a circle
like a riplets from a drop of water into a puddle.
Those are called riplets because they're small.
These ripples are made of technicolor swirl
that begin to form around and you see a new portal
begin to form around one of these tentacles from Rosemary.
Keith, you are on the phone.
Hmm, this seems unnatural.
Maybe I should listen to it in a different type of way.
Yep, maybe with this passing unnatural role
I will finally understand something.
Hello, Keith Ashley Beans, what can we do for you?
That's a good question.
Hey Don, I got him on the phone.
Yeah, what can you do for me?
Anything you desire.
Hmm, can you get rid of that big thing out there?
We will send reinforcements.
Sweet, can you have him bring me a McFlurry too?
Oreo or M&M. Oreo please.
Don, you want anything?
I'm not in the room.
Get an Oreo and a M&M.
I couldn't tell because it's so dark in here.
Because it's so dark in here.
Hey Don, Don.
Well, how long until they get here?
I put the phone back on the thing.
I put the phone back on the phone and just lay there.
And by laying on the floor,
you've probably done just as much as anyone else has
for the combat hands.
You can't fail if you don't try.
Outside, the last remaining member of Myriad
is going to take on Clarkold once again in a struggle.
Please roll for Clarkold, Joe Terry.
He passed with a 38 on my end.
I rolled a 75.
I don't know what I'm rolling on though.
Oh, Clarkold has 80.
Nice.
So that's a big old success.
Big old success.
Literally this thing reaches out at Clarkold
and Clarkold looks at it
and its hand fucking shrivels back to its elbow.
Its forearm is completely missing
and its suit seemed to be tailored simultaneously
so you can see the effect.
Clark, your turn.
I'm gonna just use this turn
because it seems like Clarkold's got it handled
to yell out to the creature.
What do you want with us, him and me
and we, what do you want with me?
Hello, subject 1522518195518.
Warning, for your own safety, please stay here.
If you choose to disobey this order
and you return to plane 1620216,
you will be eliminated.
We need to stop that thing.
We're not your problem, that's your problem
and I'm pointing at the giant creature.
It makes this similar noise of just this like.
Ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah, ah.
Yes, I now agree with you.
Oh, fuck yeah, dude.
I didn't know that was gonna work like that.
It turns and looks at this enormous,
gigantic morpithecus.
Its eyes get really big
and it looks down at its shriveled hand
and then looks down at its other hand
but it already took its turn.
So it's Don D. Pettymore.
I assume Don at this point is,
am I outside of the building observing what happened?
You are looking out on a field of gory glory.
Glory, glory, hallelujah.
Glory, glory, hallelujah.
Wait, do I see John?
Which John, man?
Yeah, you do.
John and original John body.
Do you see one of those?
It's not the same one you were talking to earlier.
That one's a shiny metal ball in the sky.
Yeah, now I'm like, John, John, John
and I'm like yelling at John and running towards him
because I'm curious if me calling the telephone
brought John back to help us
and I'm gonna run directly towards him.
I'm assuming he's decently far away.
I don't know if I have anything else to do, but.
Yeah, he's decently far away
and you have nothing else to do.
Let's go to Keith from the scrap pit.
He's not Jenny from the block.
He's Keith from the scrap pit and it's his turn.
Where have I landed?
Planet Juggernaut is right next to you.
Rosemary's top half with a tendril hanging out
and dug deep into the ground is ahead of you,
about 10 meters.
A portal is opening just to the left of her
and inside of her top half,
you see the writhing tentacles of the ball.
Over to your right, there's a massive liturgy worship
happening of the overseer.
Sha-ka-tee-fa-lee-ya, all for the overseer.
Sha-ka-tee-fa-lee-ya, all for the overseer.
Sha-ka-tee-fa-lee-ya, all for the overseer.
Sha-ka-tee-fa-lee-ya, all for the overseer.
And Clark Bishop is in this group,
not chanting, but still dancing with them
while talking to this translucent gaunt figure
in a black suit.
Keith looks all around him at just the chaos.
He looks straight up and sees those worms.
Fuck those worms.
And he just jumps as high as he can,
trying to get sucked into the gravity
of the plane above him.
Oh shit, oh shit.
He's got those pneumatic legs.
Yeah, I mean, roll dexterity plus 40 for the legs.
Okay, that's a pass.
So I wanna jump as high as I can
and try to get sucked into the gravity of that plane
and once I feel the kind of shift,
I want to try to aim my body right into
one of the mouths of the worms
and just unload my freeze gun
as I slide into the open mouth of one of the worms.
Why, why, what?
I'm gonna freeze him from the inside out
and bust my way out of there.
Or get stuck in a frozen worm as it collapses to earth.
Either way.
Okay, roll firearms for the gun.
17, that's a pass.
The mouths inside of this,
you've got multiple round mouths of teeth spinning around.
It completely freezes up.
I mean, it's exactly as you said,
you go feet first down into this thing.
Elsa, Jonah heads directly into the enormous xenonematode.
Yee-haw.
Yee-haw indeed, Clark Bishop,
it would be one of your turns,
but okay, with this turn,
the legs that were up in the air fall down,
like on the other side, like forward,
and so his legs kind of go over where his head would be
and then land on the ground, boots first.
Planet Juggernaut, Europe.
Planet Juggernaut is eerily still,
and you hear worrying from inside of him.
Oh shit, oh shit.
The plan has begun.
Wheel of forts, Jon.
Jon wheel petty more.
Have we skipped first Jon?
Yes, sorry, we did.
First Jon is a ball.
Jon, you are a ball.
You are inside the top half of Rosemary's body.
What do you do?
Jon starts reaching his tendrils out
to the ball that's floating right above Rosemary's head,
and I wanna start to try to merge with it.
Roll a natural.
94, fail.
Pass, 68.
Like magnets, different poles.
You just bounce off this thing.
You can't enter even within the six inches nearest to it.
Something just like pulls you away, pulls you away.
Cool idea, very, very intrigued by that idea.
So Jon wheel petty more,
you see a long lost member of your family.
You haven't seen him in years, and he's running toward you.
Jon points his gun at Uncle Don and screams,
you stop right there, you son of a bitch.
Not one step further.
Don stops in his tracks, and he's like,
you're gonna talk to your uncle like that, boy?
What the fuck are you doing here, Uncle Don?
Why are you pointing a goddamn gun at me?
What is here?
Where the fuck are we?
Jon, I think that it's maybe too long of a story right now
for all of this, and he like,
what is the meme, gestures towards everything, like.
Jon looks over his shoulder and like looks at the nematodes,
the Xena nematodes falling from the sky,
and the giant kaijus.
He nods to Don and he says,
I reckon you might have a point,
and he lowers his pistol.
I think I brought you back here.
There is a phone, I threw it in a bag at one point,
and I thought it was supposed to help everything,
maybe it was gonna heal stuff, I don't know,
but I think you're here, maybe you can,
maybe you're what I asked for.
Maybe, I got brought here by a giant robot ball.
That seems a lot more helpful,
maybe that's what you asked for.
Maybe the phone works in mysterious ways.
The phone, is that like an old Hebrew name for the Lord?
It's a phone, it's a phone, like an old time telephone.
Uncle Don?
Yeah boy, what?
What do we do?
I'm not sure, I came here,
I was with you, but you were my brother,
but you said you was ball, but now you're you.
I don't know boy, I feel like I've lost my mind,
I don't know what's happening, what's real, and what's not,
but maybe you can help me, and I can,
he gets completely lost in a train of thought
that kind of goes nowhere.
When he says that you're ball,
this John has taken a moment to realize where he is
and what's going on, and he sees the other balls,
he sees Planet Juggernaut,
some tendrils start poking out of his back,
and one of them pats Uncle Don on the shoulder reassuringly.
He freezes up at first.
Yes, the metal is quite cool.
Damn, were you always ball?
Yes, I am a John of fortune.
Pfft.
What kind of world are you livin' in?
What kind of world are you livin' in?
What kind of world are you livin' in?
What kind of world are you livin' in?
