Welcome one and all, it is your only good boy radio DJ Wolf the Dog, and I'm hoping
y'all give me some of them good pets for giving you that good news.
Well it's usually bad news but y'all get it.
Remember to keep those radios tuned to 694.2 PTBP if you want to give Wolf the Dog the
emotional support he needs to keep on going and trudging through the eternal hellscape
that is news and contention.
My producer informs me today that we are celebrating being on air for six months.
That's crazy as hell y'all, I thought it'd only been a few days here in contention time.
But as we all know, time is an illusion my babies.
But what isn't an illusion is my favorite segment, Howlin' with Wolf.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf comes from a listener named James W. who emailed us at
pretendingpaw.gmail.com.
Seems they were able to find some audio that is addressed to the police department here
in contention.
Well howdy boys, my name's Jim Hammer.
I'm the mayor of Texas.
I just wanted to say I've been listening to your radio program and I wanted to extend
my help to some boys out there who are doing some good in the world.
If you ever need anything, I could give you a place to hide.
Got an underground bunker system out here.
Ted Cruz is currently hiding in there from some vigilante justice groups, mostly coming
after him for that beard he's growing, but you know, also being the zodiac killer and
whatnot.
But anyways, come on down if you need help.
I could maybe even pardon you for your crimes and such if you need it.
Just remember you got a friend out here in Texas.
Bye!
Thanks Jim Hammer, mayor of Texas, for reaching out.
Hey Jim, no reason, but if your good sweet boy Wolf the dog got himself in some hot water
here in contention, is there any room in that bunker for a little dog like Wolf?
This week we have a special presentation here on 694.2 PTBP, Condensions newest and
only radio station.
We are going to broadcast a recap episode with listener Q&A from a podcast called Pretending
to be People.
They have asked me to point out that their show is serialized and there will be spoilers
in this discussion.
So head on back to episode one, when I was but a wee baby my babies.
But first and always, it's kudzu with no backbone.
It's kudzu with no backbone.
It's kudzu with no backbone.
It should be working I think, I'm going to turn this here now.
Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me,
in no backbone.
In no backbone.
Hello everyone and welcome to Pretending to be People.
I am sitting in this room with Thomas, Luke, Joe, and Justin.
For the first time all five of us are in the same room.
And today we are releasing a special presentation.
Thank you so much Wolf for having us on your program.
We are here to release a Q&A episode from questions that we've received from listeners.
And the reason that we are doing this, one, obviously to connect with the community.
You guys are growing out there and we really like interacting with all of you.
Very excited about what's in store for the show.
And we are here to release this Q&A episode as a sort of thank you.
Thank you and a kind of launch for our Patreon.
A taste.
Yeah, a taste of what you're going to get on the Patreon, extra content.
But we were kind of blown away by the response we've gotten so far to this podcast.
It's burned my mind, honestly.
So we want to give you guys more.
It's made me just so rock fucking hard.
I can't explain to you guys.
It's really difficult to be around Zach now because of his raging erections.
It's visible at all times.
I like it that way and it's all thanks to all of you.
His wife has tearfully confessed to me that she can't be seen in public with Zach anymore.
His head has visibly grown too.
There's too much blood in the dick and some of it rushes back up to the head.
I've had to get new hats.
It's been an issue.
But with your Patreon subscriptions, you can buy new hats.
Hopefully.
That is the goal.
We are trying to raise money for new hats for my giant fucking head.
Luke, you are the only one who's complained to me in public about people coming up to
you about the podcast.
It's not a complaint.
It just happens.
No, literally somebody talked to us and you were like, it's so annoying when that happens.
I don't think I said so annoying.
It has happened quite a bit.
But I do go out more than the rest of you.
Luke will take pictures with you for sure if you see him out.
For five dollars.
No.
Not only for me, but the rest of the crew if you want them in, we'll put that on the
Patreon.
We'll figure it out.
Yes, we are launching a Patreon.
This is honestly, to be completely frank, it is to keep the show going.
That's true.
I and we spend so much time working on this show to give you guys the quality content
that we think that you deserve.
Real quick, Zach completely makes this podcast what it is.
His editing, his attention to detail, all the work he puts into this makes it the podcast
you love.
So not to get too NPR on you guys, but we need to make it a job for him.
It needs to...
He puts many, many hours into it.
We take a little bit of time out of our days to edit a little bit, but it's mostly Zach
doing this for you and for us.
It's a joy.
And on top of doing all the technical editing stuff, he's running the game and writing the
game.
So he's pulling triple if not quadruple duty.
It's so much fun.
I really enjoy it.
I want to keep doing it.
I want to make this campaign something special.
We've run some really fun campaigns in the past with this group, and I really think that
this one can take the cake and really we can make some memorable moments.
But it takes a lot of time.
It does.
It does.
We would really appreciate you guys supporting us and check it out.
We'll put a link in the episode notes.
I can't believe I just said that.
That's...
All right.
Well...
We're like a real podcast now.
Yeah, I think we're making a podcast now.
All right.
Well, let's get to some questions.
I was certainly blown away by the amount of questions that we received.
And the level of insight in the questions.
Absolutely.
Y'all are smart.
With that being said, let's start with a question from D. Tratara on Instagram.
You know, just some listener I've never met.
No one we know.
He lives in Canada, apparently.
What a weirdo.
Yep.
He asks...
I wouldn't have liked to stand next to him at your wedding.
He asks, what do you think of the notion that technological advancement has rendered selfhood
artificial, therefore making one's identity changeable and plural?
Now, I did...
Can I actually field this one?
Yeah.
Go for it.
Dakota?
Yes.
I asked Dakota to elaborate, and he said, well...
It's evident digital technologies affect both the social and cultural spheres.
As individuals present themselves across different social media platforms, they are able to construct
various versions of themselves, i.e. bringing to the mainstream postmodern ideas, such as
the self being constituted by multiple discourses and structures.
Simultaneously, the technologies that allow for us to enact ourselves in cyberspace also
allow for greater monitoring of our activity.
Thus, the projection of ourselves that we voluntarily put out across these sites can
be aggregated into a quote data double of ourselves, providing those with technological
means to collect such data and a complete picture of who we are.
How many times did you come while you were jacking yourself off there, Dakota?
This...
Hopefully at least once.
Is the question he's asking like, are we the same on the podcast as we are in real life?
Go ahead and answer that one.
I would say, yeah.
We're very bad cops in real life, too.
No, I mean like, our like personalities, like, yeah, I don't think we really tried to change
anything up for it.
Like we just brought what we have to the table and...
Well, you do that voice.
Luke's character voice is pretty intense.
His famous character voice.
Hit us with that Keith Vigna voice.
What's up, everybody?
Oh, man, it's like he's in the room.
Where's Luke?
I'm Keith Vigna now.
Follow up question.
Will you ever do a character voice?
If I get a new character?
I think that's coming pretty soon.
And it'll sound like this.
I'm working on it.
Yeah, I think that's a good starting point.
Dakota also asked, what do we...
We've got an...
It seemed like, yeah, while I was in it at a point, it seemed like a good time to burp.
Absolutely.
We've got another question from fucks up invoker combos.
What does that mean?
It's gotta be a video game thing, but I don't think I play those kind of video games.
All right, well, he would love to know, or she would love to know, they would love to
know how Zach prepares for scenario campaign and session.
Luke, do you want to take this one?
Yeah, I'll take this one.
He doesn't basically.
No, no.
How does he approach making a new story?
How far ahead does he plan?
How much is fleshed out before they start playing?
How much does he prepare between sessions and how much is improvisation?
So I'll start it out.
The answer to this question is, dude, I really have no idea.
All I know is that he does a lot.
So I'll hand it over to...
We should ask Zach about this.
Zach would know about this.
Oh, wait, real quick, Joe.
Joe, what do you think?
What do you think?
It's pretty obvious that Zach would be the one to answer this.
I agree.
Isn't this podcast about subverting expectations?
Hey, Justin, do you want to hop in on here real quick and what do you think?
Zach Facebook messaged me and he says he spends very little time on this.
He just wants that Patreon money for him.
Okay, to actually answer the question.
This is kind of a big question, I would say, but I will tell you that before we started
recording...
You're a big boy.
I am a big boy with big answers for big questions and my name's Zach.
Big butch boy.
Are you ready for this big butch boy to answer your big butch questions?
I want to hear it.
Okay.
Oh, God.
I'm working on my new character voice.
I love that new character voice.
After our last campaign finished up, I knew I had at least two months to start writing
something new and we had realized at the end of playing our last campaign that we wanted
to record our next one for posterity's purposes.
I began writing and I took inspiration from a lot of different things, but I knew that
what we know is small town life.
I feel like we consume a lot of content from that setting.
We've watched Smallville.
Exactly.
We know.
I'm from Ozark, Missouri.
That's number two, is that we live in Missouri and I wanted to play a campaign in that setting.
We'd never done that before.
Delta Green is mostly a game where you're dealing in government agencies and really
highfalutin stuff that is very redacted and you have to have a high clearance to get that
information.
I wanted to play with small town cops.
I thought that would be really fun and it turns out-
It was.
With that being said, I began to build a plot.
I knew that I wanted to mix in rules from Pulp Cthulhu with this campaign because I
read the source book and it fucking blew me away.
I was so into it from the very beginning, actually two years ago or maybe a year ago
when it first came out, I, for my birthday, ran one of the scenarios from the back of
the Pulp Cthulhu book and it was a shit show.
Thomas and Justin were both there and we just drank too much.
It was a birthday celebration but I think Justin and Thomas' characters ran off-
To meet Ernest Timmingway.
Because he owed-
Oh, is it that one?
Yeah.
Oh, that was a good time.
It was a good time.
People were very upset.
The hotel?
I was too drunk to realize how-
Yeah, I was there.
Me and Zach, or me and Thomas got-
You and I had a really great time.
We got very upset.
We wanted the story to go a certain way that no one else maybe did in the room.
We were just like, wait, why are we here?
Of course it's to fuck around for 15 minutes each turn while we're really drunk.
Okay, so that's how good Zach is at this shit.
When you're really drunk, we kind of forgot that it was a DM situation.
We were just being these assholes.
It was an extremely fun game, but I fell in love with Pulp Cthulhu right then and there
from having all the different talents and the sanity losing skills that would arrive
with sanity loss was really cool.
I wanted to throw those in.
I started writing this campaign with the items.
That's interesting.
I really liked the rules for the different magical items, but I wanted to put it in a
more delta green setting.
I started with the items that were in the trunk and I built the story out from there.
There are about 35 characters that live in contention and in the city.
They are all independent of each other with their own motives.
I changed their wants and needs and motives based on everything that happens with these
three police officers.
Basically I have a doc sheet where I have all the different characters listed and then
I change how the actions of these boys affect them week to week to decide how the story
should progress the next week.
As you've seen, I have what I learned from good friends of Jackson Elias.
They call them bangs, I think.
Somebody calls them bangs, which are basically just things that you throw in into a scenario
and you force your players to deal with them.
So I've basically wrote out all these different characters and what they're going through
and then I write bangs each week.
What's an example of a bang that's happened so far in the story?
So far in the story, obviously spoilers in this episode.
If you haven't listened to any of the podcasts up to this point, then...
Stop listening.
Yeah, go back to episode one.
This is a chronological show.
Should we record a little tag saying that right for the start?
I'll have Wolf the Dog do it.
Nice.
Yes.
No.
I'll make Justin do it.
Oh shit.
Wolf's gone Hollywood.
I think we still keep him in the basement, so...
So spoilers.
Right.
Where were we?
You can't let him see the full moon.
An example of a bang.
An example of a bang is the body of John Peters falling onto your car.
Oh yeah.
So that was going to happen no matter what we do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like in storytelling it's like, would it be more realistic in this super unrealistic
setting for that body to fall not on one of your cars?
Probably, but it's a game and it's a story and it's way cooler if it falls on your fucking
car.
Oh, and that's not something I've ever even questioned as a player.
Sure, yeah.
Totally.
So that is basically how I prepare.
The scenario has seeds that I wrote two years ago, before the campaign started, probably
two years ago.
When do you think?
What month of...
Okay, so we started recording in December of 2017.
2017.
Oh my god.
Yeah, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
It's been a while.
So we started, yeah, recording in December of 2017, so I probably started writing this
in October of 2017 and some of the things that I've written have not come up yet in
the show.
Wow.
Well, I'd hope so.
So I have a lot planned.
I have a lot of moving parts that I deal with and that is how much is fleshed out before
they start playing.
So for each session I try to brush up on what the people around them in their area might
be doing and then if they try to go somewhere that I'm not ready for, I throw a fucking
dead body on their car.
Yeah, you...
Oh, did you guys want to go to the mill?
Really kept us away from that mill.
Oh, did you want to go to the mill?
Kept going to the mill and then it came up.
You can abandon any responsibilities at any point in time and go anywhere, but I tried
to make the responsibilities pretty top priority.
That is what I've realized now that it's just like, if he does that, just go to the mill.
Just go to the mill.
Oh, oh, Chief Maggie's house is on fire.
She's burning alive.
Brian, care, we're going to the mill.
One thing I, it's not really, it kind of has to do with the question, but like as far as
like preparing for stuff, me and Joe and Thomas, you know, when we would be recording an episode,
like we would go back through and like see what we'd done prior to recording that episode.
So before we record, Zach usually writes up a little, uh, overview of what we did last
time and that he has us be sure to read that before we start recording for the next session.
That helps keep it all fresh in our mind.
I sent an overview to everyone of everything that happened and I sent individual overviews
for times when they were the only one in the room.
And usually we would read those as soon as we got to your house and then we would record
the next session and Joe, Joe would read them three times.
This also brings up something that is kind of one of the reasons I thought we should
have an episode like this.
We recorded this, like he said, we started in December, 2017.
The episode you just heard was recorded in November or December, 2018.
We did this all over the course of the year, so if there's ever any time where we don't
know what's going on in the podcast, like you're like screaming at your microphone or
not your mic.
Oh, you're just making excuses now.
Oh, okay, cool.
Uh, so I thought this whole Q and a would just to be about excuses.
Here's why we're so sorry.
There would be a significant time gaps between recording Thomas moved away for like three
months after recording the first sessions.
I was just gone for a while.
If there's ever anything super frustrating that you hear that's like, why the fuck don't
they know that it's probably just because they're stupid or why are they making that
super outdated cultural reference?
That was a personal, like I was listening to episode like we, we do some editing on
our own tracks and I was listening to myself once and I was like, well, that's a fucking
meme from like October.
Like that's bullshit.
Stale.
Stale.
And the last episode, I think we mentioned like, yeah, it's a kid from mid nineties and
I'm like, that happened a little while ago.
That was a while ago.
Yeah.
I still haven't seen mid nineties.
It's fine.
It's a, it's a.
Oh wait, no, the one I really need to see is eighth grade.
Yes.
And I haven't seen that one either.
It was May 7th, 2019 right now when we're recording this and we haven't seen eighth
grade.
Yeah.
I have seen both of those.
I'm sorry listeners.
But anyway, let's go to another question.
Which rules are they using from pulp and which are native to Delta green?
I'll field this one.
We are playing Delta green mechanics except for we have abandoned the bonds mechanic and
we have picked up the luck rules from pulp Cthulhu.
We are planning, Ooh, spoiler, spoiler alert for the next episode.
We are going to add in some talents from pulp Cthulhu.
Oh, very cool.
I'm very excited about this.
That's exclusive to us too, listeners.
Let's move on.
We've got a question from crush 36 real quick.
Shout out to crush 36.
Awesome.
Awesome fan.
Best fan.
Thank you so much.
Crush 36 created a subreddit for pretending to be people and it has freaked me out in
a very good way.
I once said when we first started recording, I think maybe the very first episode we were
talking about goals of this podcast and we thought, I think that we would make it maybe
10 episodes in probably before we stopped.
However, that didn't happen and someone made fan art and it was, I was about to say, we
had our first fan art.
Crush did a sketch of Clark and boy was that cool to see.
It was, it was pretty awesome.
That was really awesome.
Like a Mr Leahy meets Dale Gribble.
Yeah, it was good.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Very, very similar to what I had pictured for sure.
Oh wow.
Yeah.
Very similar.
I pictured him a little fatter.
That was the only difference.
I pictured him a little younger, but I really liked the image I saw.
I was like, Oh shit.
He got, he got the balding thing.
Perfect.
That's exactly what I was picturing.
As far as that goes.
Taylor said that she pictured Clark Bishop with hair, but I guess she did role play with
a, uh, a younger, a younger Clark Bishop who probably had hair.
Well, also I just pictured Clark Bishop as Kenneth from 30 Rock as Jack McRae.
No, that's Drew.
That's Drew.
That's Drew.
That's Drew.
Fat.
What's his name?
Shit.
Jack McBrayer.
Yeah.
Well, okay.
So if, if, if Andy Richter had Jack McBrayer's personality, that's what I'm thinking of.
Yeah.
That is incredible.
Yeah.
It was when I, when I saw that on the subreddit, I was like, dope.
We have fan art now.
Like that's, that's fucking wild.
It blew me away and made all of the time and effort that I put into this really feel like
it's heartwarming.
It was extremely heartwarming.
Yeah.
Shout out to crush 36.
Sorry.
Crush 36 asks how far from the original storyline and vision have the boys wandered?
Did major plot points have to get sacrificed to the altar of improv?
Yes.
A lot.
Um, next one.
Thanks for the question.
The answer is a lot.
Uh, no, for real.
Yeah.
Is there anything you can tell us about that without being too spoiler?
Because I mean, obviously as players, that's something I really want to know.
Okay.
Here is the truth.
We got together for a session zero two months after I had began writing this entire campaign
and we got together, we had already been talking about characters and we'd already been talking
about setting, but we were going to meet and record on mic, which I think we have recorded
still us talking about what the characters were going to be, what the setting was going
to be.
We built the town.
We built the town.
I had a list of different kinds of businesses that would exist in a small town and we went
through and I came up with a long time just town building, like just world building, world
building.
Yeah.
Which is God so much fun.
Was that okay.
Uh, Oh God.
This would be a more informed question if I could remember the name of the system.
But do you know that, uh, that sci-fi RPG where everybody builds the world together.
That's like the original one, right?
The old school one.
You can die during this is a pretty light one where everybody kind of roll some things
and all the players help build the system.
I was wondering if it was inspired by that at all.
It super wasn't.
Uh, I've just been, I've just been listening to a lot of different people talking about
playing RPGs.
I've been listening to a lot of different actual plays and I really took from them the
idea of coming together for a session zero and world building.
You also mentioned at the time that it would help us to have a familiarity with the area
kind of built in.
And it is awesome cause right now I'm looking at the map of contention hung up on the wall
in the room that we're recording in.
We've posted a few times on social media, the map of contention, but we did have one
drawn out.
Uh, it's, it's huge.
The map that Zach made and he would point to where things were going on for us in the
episode.
Yeah.
Cause the map was really important to me from the beginning.
If you're playing in a small town, I thought it'd be really fun to see where everything
is.
Pages, clinkers.
Yeah.
All these different places.
And uh, thankfully we have Justin who plays Wolf the dog and does the soundtrack for pretending
to be people real quick.
Give it up for Justin.
You guys are too sweet.
Somebody did ask the question, Oh, Brendan DePinto on Facebook asked, how long did it
take to create the map?
And so, I mean, I made the original sketch of the map, but recently a couple of weeks
ago for those listening, but like two days ago for us, we posted the map of contention
that Justin made.
So basically I had Zach just send me a high res copy of the map, like taking a picture
of it.
And then I taught myself Adobe illustrator so I could make said map as a high resolution
as possible because I really like whenever he would post stuff and he'd be like, this
is where this episode is taking place.
But I also wanted it to be like higher quality and a little more character added into it.
So it took me like six hours or so to make it something like that cause I was also trying
to learn a program.
The splashylvania logo.
It's the best thing on there.
So fucking cool.
If you haven't looked at it yet, zoom in on that because basically I took the like water,
the wave aesthetic and like added that in and then just added these big, huge vampire
chompers on top of it.
It's incredible.
It gets me going.
And it was really fun to create little icons for all of these weird places and contention,
kind of like a video game map almost is what I was thinking.
And that's, that's exactly what it is.
And it's like perfect.
I think about this like a video game.
I mean that's, I mean all video games essentially come out of the tabletop, like early RPGs.
So right back to the major plot points that have gotten sacrificed.
In that session zero, we were talking about the map and I was telling you guys about the
piston junkyard because I knew that was going to be a place that we were going to go to
pretty much right away.
Speaking of bangs, very first bang in the whole show is a call from Julie Maxwell says
there's a dead body in the piston junkyard.
That's a bang.
Boom.
And so the story begins.
During that session zero, I said, yeah, and there's a junkyard right here and it sits
on an old mine.
And Thomas said, Oh, is the super dark evil at the bottom of the old mine?
And I said, no, I have to write that.
It would have made things a lot easier for us if I had just shut up.
So then I rewrote the entire campaign idea.
I had not even thought about that.
Because the evil was at the bottom of the mine, but now it's not.
And I like that.
So good job, Thomas, for punching up the whole campaign during session zero.
So stuff like that, obviously, but once we got into the show, like I said before, I have
all these different moving parts.
So they basically interact with a fully working town in my mind.
So that was a kind of improv out of the campaign.
Has anything that major happened in the campaign?
Well, yeah.
I mean, we have to mention Keith's pants every once in a while, just to remind people how
big they are.
But I'm saying it's no.
That's plot points that we came up with organically, but like, have you...
Not even a plot point, that's just a bit.
But nothing you've planned has been super changed by our actions?
Every single thing that you do changes where the story goes, because I don't have a story
in mind.
I only have people and people who want things.
And so the story isn't already written.
You guys are the ones basically making that happen.
So cool.
I will say the most affected is every little thing that you mentioned about your characters.
Every little detail goes into my little book about your backstories, which you've given
me basically full realm to just go haywire on.
It's kind of like the real book you keep on all of us as friends.
Exactly.
Which I heard that you found.
And Thomas told me all about it.
I was flattered.
Thank you so much.
I liked what I read in there.
Okay.
Well.
You were so complimentary of all of our feet.
That's why I don't take my shoes off at Zach's house.
I just don't think about him that much myself, but I'm so glad you've noticed.
He likes the smell.
You guys were just born with great feet.
What can I say?
Thanks.
You too.
I am going to need a heat break and a pee break if that's okay.
Let's go ahead and take a break.
We will be right back after this word from our sponsors.
This is Al from Al's Tires.
I don't want to waste too much of your time.
We have good tires and good service at good prices.
Come on down and see us if you feel that's appropriate.
Thank you.
Here at Burgatory, we put three simple things into every meal we serve.
Quality ingredients, service with a smile, and unquestioning faith in our undying Lord,
Jesus Christ.
We cook our patties the old fashioned way, medium or above.
It's all undefined gray area here at Burgatory.
Time is running out to indulge in our monthly specials for May.
We're celebrating Cinco de Mayo with our seven layer dip and the Holy Guacamole burger.
Don't forget to tell your amigos, Burgatory, come spend some time with us.
Al from Al's Tires here again.
Just wanted to let you know we're located just outside of contention on rural route
six.
If you pass the tiger sanctuary, you've gone too far.
Come on down and see us if it's not too much out of your way.
Thank you.
All right.
And make sure to get the product that was featured in that last advertisement.
I love that product.
I use it all the time.
It's an extremely good product.
I'm using it.
I'm either wearing it or using it right now.
Product make me happy boy.
That product makes me extremely happy.
I don't buy product.
We got a question from the Robert Shippey on Instagram.
He asks, Luke, why?
Because it's fun.
I love it.
If I didn't do it, I wouldn't be doing this.
Luke, you know other people exist, right?
Yeah.
I try not to do anything that is too detrimental to anyone else's fun.
You never do anything detrimental to our fun.
I'm playing a game to have fun and I'm going to do it for fun.
It's only added joy to the group dynamic.
I'm not playing a Dr. Denny Dennison.
That guy was much more disruptive to the group.
He was.
Luke's last character was named Dr. Denny Dennison, AKA Worm Fingers.
I hated pretty much everything about him.
I was a doctor for a cult.
I had a scat fetish that was developed through the game.
I didn't plan it that way, but it happened.
You really ran with it.
Overall, just really creepy, terrible character.
I actually specifically remember the first time that you acted out your scat fetish.
You actually stood up in my kitchen in the dining room and you stood up and fully charade
played out your interaction with a toilet and then I think perhaps masturbating to completion.
And then he shat on your cat.
All that's true until the cat thing.
He was a doctor for a cult and that's all you need to know.
So obviously that comes with the territory.
So yeah, Keith Vigna is a pretty tame character for most of the characters I've played.
Keith is pretty tame.
I like playing a character that is not all there.
I think you're doing it very well.
I remember specifically when we were coming up with character ideas, you had this giddy
fucking look on your face and you came up to me and you're like, I'm playing an idiot.
And I was like, all right, well, which is easy for me to do.
If the losers don't know, Luke is literally right now, he's saving up for a system of
a down tattoo.
That's not a joke.
Yeah, that is completely true.
He was also his high school valedictorian.
I was.
He went to school with a bunch of dumb asses.
That's not true.
I graduated a class of like 453 I think.
I thought you were going to say like four or five.
453, top of my class.
Like you didn't know whether there were four or five people in your graduating class.
I'm book smart, not smart.
That's not what you are.
We've got another question here from, I don't know how to say this, maybe oomph.
I like oomph.
OMF dash on Reddit asks, did Zach offer up insane options selling coke, killing your
brother, thinking the guys wouldn't do it?
I love the fact that the guys are kept in the dark on these solo side missions.
Second question.
Oh no, sorry.
Not second question.
I love the fact that these guys are kept in the dark on these solo missions.
It started over.
I already did.
Yeah, he had it.
That's the whole thing over again.
Do it.
Luke's the producer now.
Look at me.
I'm the captain now.
He's like, I could just tell you didn't get what you needed, so you needed to do it all
again.
Zach, do it.
Do it.
Again.
Do it.
Do it better.
But do it, yeah, do it good this time.
Do you know that we all demand perfection of ourselves as our characters and you're
just here flubbing these fucking pre-written questions?
Did Zach offer up insane options, selling coke, killing your brother, thinking the guy...
Matt Besser's Bjork.
It's Matt Besser's Bjork, sorry.
TM TM.
So basically, yes, I offered them up thinking that they would make things more interesting,
that's for sure.
I didn't know that they would perhaps follow through with these things or whether they
would help each other do them.
Thomas, I certainly expected to at least ask for Keith Vigna's help to sell the cocaine
perhaps, but I really didn't know.
You misinterpreted our character development.
Clearly.
I don't really listen to the show.
No, why would you?
Because I don't think...
I like to think that we're all friendly with each other, but I don't think that Keith and
Jon are friends, really.
Not the best friends, for sure.
And also, now that I'm saying it out loud, he's the worst person you could bring in on
a drug deal.
But on this particular drug deal, he might have been a pretty interesting addition, which
is, I guess, why you did that.
Clark wouldn't do it, Keith would, but he'd probably fuck something up, so I think it
was smart for you to just do it by yourself.
I also just wanted five million dollars for my character.
To no doubt.
And not 2.5.
I certainly...
That's wrong, right?
Well, you brought Drew in, and he's probably...
That would be four people.
I think Drew was probably the best option to bring in.
I mean, you alluded to the fact that it would have been a much different encounter if Keith
Vigna would have been there when the Duke came to sell cocaine.
That would have been awesome.
I should have asked Keith for help.
Oh, well, yeah, because that was my brother.
Yeah, it turns out.
So we can actually get into the question now that someone asked, do the players ever listen
back to the podcast, or is that something you don't do to keep yourselves in the dark
about the things you don't know?
I mean, that's up to you guys to answer.
I definitely don't listen to the other guy's stuff, except just recently, Zach gave us
permission to hear some of our solo mission stuff, because we were kind of far away from
it in playtime.
Exactly, yeah.
It wasn't going to affect our roleplay at that point, and it was really, really cool.
I think we kind of left it up to Zach.
We were like, is it okay to listen to this?
I think, for the most part, what we had recorded so far, he was like, it's fine.
There were certain weeks where I'd say, don't listen to the dreams that other people are
having, and then other weeks where I'd say, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It came out in-game recently that Jon had done that drug deal, Marvin Glass clearly
accused him of it, and you guys immediately bought into the idea at that point.
Same with me of killing my brother.
I'm pretty sure no one had any clue that Jon was in on that.
I think he denied that pretty well.
Well, that was the thing.
Up until recording this right now-
Well, that.
I mean, in the last episode, where Jon's just like, no.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
Up until recording this, we didn't ... Recording anything else up until this right now, we
had no clue what each other were doing.
During the recording.
Right.
That's something Zach requested, but it's also, I find it a lot of fun to be in the
dark about what you guys are doing.
Oh, yeah.
It is super fun as a player.
It leads to a bunch of really great roleplay moments.
That was like ... Now, I do know that Coke Deal and you guys know that-
Well, that it was your brother doing the Coke Deal.
Right.
Yeah, exactly.
That was a reveal.
We were all excited.
Yeah.
It surprised us all.
That one hit everyone.
Yeah.
That was cool.
It was awesome to know that.
I think, Zach, you mentioned in the future, going into it, we're going to do-
We got a little lax as we're releasing episodes, but I think it'll be more closed.
Yes.
As we move on forward, it's going to be just as closed as it was last time in the sense
that while we're recording sessions, you guys won't be able to listen to each other's side
parts.
Within the context of the game, I think everyone's pretty well aware of the deaths of Keith Vigna
and Clark Bishop and-
With the look-
What?
What?
What?
Zach, what?
And I mean, to be completely frank, John Lee Pettymore is in the den of Marvin Glasp, so
do you think he's going to last super long?
We'll see.
However, I have made- I basically like all things with this story.
I folded in what happens into the future, and so the fact that these guys have listened
to certain things, I will make sure that story-wise, it makes sense that their characters know
them, if that makes sense.
You'll figure it out next week or the week after.
The only thing you specifically expressed regret about is that we listen to some of
Clark's recent things.
Yes.
Clark being inducted into the circle of knowledge is something that Thomas and Luke now know,
but the characters they're playing do not, so that is one of the things that I am going
to attempt to figure out a way to let their characters know while folding that into the
plot.
If we're getting much closer to when we're actually recording, that'll be a lot easier
to manage, it'll just be a matter of you'll be saying don't listen to their section this
week.
Yep, exactly.
Because I mean, we had 27, 28 episodes recorded until just now that we had to get through,
so that's weeks of stuff.
I hope we're still good at role-playing.
I've kind of lost interest in it, honestly.
Yeah, it's not my bag anymore.
I'm more into Red Dead and Apex right now.
Obviously, yeah.
Weaving.
What hardware and software do you guys use?
We actually just upgraded our microphones.
Yeah, this very episode.
This here very episode you're listening to, we got ourselves some new microphones.
Should we say out loud what it is or should we wait for the sponsorship?
No, until we know that they don't suck, and until they give us money, we shouldn't.
No, let's tell them.
So we're super excited about that.
Hopefully it'll cut down on the editing time for me and also make the listening experience
better for you.
Oh, don't do that.
To answer the actual question, these are Samsung, not Samsung, Samsung Q2Us.
Just for this episode.
Yeah, that's not what we recorded on until this point, though.
No, previously-
So that can be a fun mystery for you.
No, I will tell you, previously we were recording on the shittiest SM58 clones.
Yeah, they were knock-off.
They were trash mics.
And that's what I've got right now because I forgot mine in my house.
I'm glad you love the audio quality, you fucking peasants.
So hopefully we'll be able to take it up another notch in the old quality section.
Software-wise, we record into a Tascam Digital Porta Studio 2488 Neo that I have had in my
home for four years that belongs to Justin's dad.
Yeah, he wants it back sometime, probably.
My dad, every six months, will be like, where's my Porta Studio at?
What's he doing with it?
He's not doing anything with it.
He just is like, what if I want to record a whole jazz album by myself?
What if I want a podcast?
Justin, what's your dad's name?
He can come over here and record it.
Don't dox Justin, yeah.
Justin Jr.?
Shout out to Justin Jr. for letting us use his equipment.
Justin's his dad's senior, and it's always been that way since birth.
That was weird.
It really gets into the time travel aspect we've just begun to get into on this podcast.
Thank God.
Justin is one of the dudes from the camera.
And then software, I use Audacity to edit free and easy.
Yep.
Recently, Joe turned me on to Acid Pro 7, is that what it's called?
I think it's 7.
They might have 8 out now.
I can't remember.
It's an acid pro, and I got it in a humble bundle, is that what it's called?
I used acid when I was a kid.
And then the program is pretty cool too.
That makes a lot of sense.
Wowee.
Advanced.
Can you regale us with a story from your childhood?
I also, when I record my Wolf the Dog parts, I use Reaper, which is really excellent and
low priced if you want a pro quality digital audio workstation.
And you're always on acid.
And I'm always on acid.
Which really helps.
I'm never not on acid.
We're going to take this moment to shout out microdosing.
Microdosing.
Brought to you by the Tanini B people.
That humble bundle that did the acid pro, they've done that twice now, and both times
it's been a ton of really great audio programs.
I'm very excited to jump into it.
And we have colored microphone covers.
Mine's orange.
Mine's red.
Mine's green.
Mine's blue.
And mine's black.
Justin's is black.
All right, and just another reminder that this episode is going to be our release for
the Patreon that we are starting for this podcast to keep us going.
So hop on there, we'll put a link up on all the social media sites.
If you don't follow us on Instagram or Twitter, we're at PretendingPod on there.
And like we said earlier, Crush 36, did I get that right?
Yes, you did.
Crush 36 created a subreddit for us called r slash pretending to be people.
And in case you need to know the details of the Patreon, what we're going to do is donate
one individual donation at the highest level of the NPR donation level.
And then we're going to share the benefits with everyone who subscribes to our Patreon.
So $5 gets you the max NPR subscriber benefits.
We still have to talk to Terry about that.
That's our plan right now.
So hopefully you're all very interested in that.
Otherwise Luke gave $1,000 to NPR for nothing.
Which that's fine.
I got some socks out of it.
It was a...
A mug?
Some socks.
It was a...
Do you have a sock pun?
No, I have NPR socks that are...
It's Calamari Shapiro.
And it's Ari Shapiro's head on a...
Calamari is squid.
Oh, it's not made out of...
Okay.
I thought you meant scatman.
It's Calamari Shapiro and it's Ari Shapiro's head on a squid.
It's an actual NPR joke.
I actually have those socks.
Those are things you actually have, not a...
Yeah.
Okay.
BF Evans 19 asks, do you approach playing a recorded session differently than when you
play off mic?
And he also asked, has there been any aspect of podcasting that has surprised you or been
particularly interesting?
And I noticed as soon as we all put on headphones, we became more respectful of each other's
storytelling process.
That's a great point.
We didn't jump on each other's trains of thought as much.
Let me just jump on that too.
In the podcast, sometimes we do talk over each other a little bit, but not near as much
as we would if it was not being recorded.
Totally.
When everybody else's voice is right in your ears, it is harder to do.
And I still notice when we edit our tracks that we do it a lot.
It happens, but...
The thought process behind it is very similar though.
I just try to not be an asshole and not always succeed, but try not to be an asshole to my
fellow players.
Yeah, it's not like we're all your best friends.
I'm still trying to play the game or enjoy the game.
I think that's as far as it goes.
As far as playing or making jokes and stuff like that, I don't...
Yeah, the bare bones of it are no, there's no difference.
We're all joking with each other and pushing each other to do funny things.
I mean, the reason we did this is that we thought we're great.
You should hear it.
There's a hell of truth to that though, that we all realized we had something special going
on in those sessions we didn't record.
We super enjoyed it.
We all mixed together.
And it was the first group, I think, with all of us that we were like, I want to play
with this group as long as I possibly can.
Speaking of which, we also had BFEvans19 ask, what are your backgrounds in tabletop gaming?
Which I think we covered a little bit at the very beginning of episode one.
But that might be not in everybody's mind.
That was a while ago.
So something we might not have covered in that episode though, actually, is I think
almost all of us come to tabletop gaming through podcasts.
That's what made me want to play these kinds of games.
Absolutely.
Not me, honestly.
Yeah, not me either.
Uh, definitely me.
I was, uh, I got turned on to it all by Critical Role and I'm still a huge fan of theirs.
Um, yeah, I saw them and decided that that was something I wanted to do.
And then I mentioned this on the first episode, but Thomas kind of out of the blue, I don't
think you knew that I was watching that.
Just if I wanted to do a D&D game with some mutual friends.
And yeah, it was just lucky, serendipitous heaven stance.
And that was 2016?
Kind of.
Oh, I looked it up at the time.
I think something like that.
Yeah.
Kind of when role playing was just, you know, it was becoming this very accepted deal, popular.
We're not, we're not, uh, ostracized.
Yeah.
We're cooler than you.
Well, I mean, like for me, I, I played, I said this in the first episode, but I played
a D and D twice in high school, played it with a guy that was super serious with a group
that was not serious.
He did not invite us back to play with him.
And I, uh, always was like, anyone that was playing it, I was like, if you have room for
somebody, I'll jump in.
But most people have like groups that are pretty set up and yeah, so I never really
had the chance until I met, shout out to Alex, Alex, uh, he invited me to play with
you guys.
I think it was me, Alex, Taylor, Zach and Thomas at the time.
Alex is the most handsome man we know he is.
And I wish he was still here after me, Luke and Zach.
But uh, yeah, that's all for, yeah, and just, he's top six, top six.
Wow.
It wasn't about handsomeness.
Me and Joe got fucking thrown under the bus.
You ugly fucks.
It was just about who's friends with Alex, not.
If you guys would, if you guys would like to see pictures of Joe or Justin, you can
find them on our Instagram at at pretending pot.
You be the judge.
Oh, also if we get to 500 Patreon subscribers, there is a special boudoir picture of Thomas.
Oh no.
Oh, this is recently taken and it started my birthday off with a bang.
Bang.
Uh, yeah.
Anyway, invited by Alex to play with them.
I played one session or one campaign, I guess with them.
Uh, it was super fun.
We did it again and then now we're doing it again.
Yeah.
Uh, Justin here actually once texted me at 11 PM on a weeknight and was like, Hey, you
know that Delta green thing that I've been talking to you about?
And I'm like, I'm super down if, if, if you'll have me.
And uh, he had me, um, and yeah, no, he, uh, he hit me up and I went over there and we
roleplayed, we played a shotgun scenario.
Uh, our friend Sam ran us through it as the first handler I ever had.
Shout out to Sam.
Shout out to Sam.
Got me into roleplaying.
Uh, Justin invited me over.
The two of us played agents and we played through the scenario, uh, last things last.
That scenario is fucking awesome.
And it completely got me kickstarted into this game.
Yeah.
I, uh, I remember getting invited not by Sam actually, but by Tyler who was living with
Sam at the time.
Uh, no, Tyler, uh, Tyler Thrasher people might know him from Tyler Thrasher art.
No curiosity.
And as Zach's glares at me, dead face, I was just resting, I'm sorry.
You show your fucking mouth, Thomas.
How did you get into roleplaying Justin?
Well, my friend, my friend Tyler Thrasher, uh, invited me and he's actually going to
be Tyler Thrasher beam.
They got married.
He took his hand.
They hyphenated it.
Uh, he invited me and I did, this was maybe a year before I invited Zach and I was super
into the idea, but I was kinda like, yeah, I don't know.
It seems like it can seem impenetrable from the outside.
Like like Luke said, people have these groups and you're like, I don't know if I'll fit
in.
I don't know what to do.
It's like there's all these rules and rule books, but he made it really accessible and
fun.
And me and Zach had started hanging out and I was like, you're going to love this.
There's a performative aspect to it, but it has all this like cool like world building
and story stuff and all this other stuff and I just knew Zach would be hopefully super
into it.
And then that kind of started off a lot of this stuff, which is really interesting.
And everything you just described is to me the strength of Delta green over a lot of
other role playing systems.
And also the strength of Zach as a DM is, well, I would say mostly the strength of friendship
That's what binds us all together.
Because like the most fun thing is getting to create this wacky, crazy story with friends
where we don't have to play on the tropes of normal storytelling because we don't, at
the end of the day, have tons of control over where the story goes.
I mean, we roll dice all the time.
What do you mean, we?
And that's the beautiful thing about all role playing.
Yes.
Like for instance, in the hotel motel, Rosemary was going to slit Keith's throat open and
Joe rolled a critical success on a persuade and that's what kept her from literally just
like murdering Keith right in front of you guys.
Keith, say thank you.
Thanks, Joe.
I regret it.
I regret it to this day.
Well, I'll think about that in the future.
Well, I mean, also, I mean, in the last episode, like me shooting at the Kevin and missing,
it's like that could have could have gone completely everything.
Everything could always turn out different.
Like crit success.
It's awesome.
Absolutely.
Crit fail.
You have something in your mind that you want to do and it's not up to me or to Zach whether
it happens.
It's up to purely a dice roll.
Another thing, like another example would be when you guys asked about Julie Maxwell
in the hospital after her drunk driving incident and I said, yeah, let me roll for it real
quick to see if she's healthy and then rolled a 100 and she's so she died completely.
I mean, yeah, the dice changed the game.
It's so much people.
Yeah.
Pete, I'm getting really fired up about this.
I'm tired of people on Twitter saying the dice don't change the game.
I understand.
They think that we write the scripts ahead of time and then have recorded them and mostly
we do, but that's not for them to say and it's rude that they keep saying it.
Okay.
Let's see.
What's the next question?
It's rude.
It's rude.
I got a question from Lil Sleepy on Instagram has an important question.
What is Clark Bishop's favorite Eagles song?
It's gotta be Desperado.
Desperado.
Why don't you come to your sand sales?
You've been out riding fan sales for so long now upon a band.
Thomas, what do you think Clark Bishop's favorite Eagle song is?
Desperado.
How did you know?
It's just a hunch.
I think Keith Vigna's favorite Eagles song is Life's Been Good by Joe Walsh.
Canonical.
Joe Walsh was in the Eagles, so it's technically an Eagles song.
I also played it when we were on cocaine earlier in the season.
This is a little bit on the spot, but what is your character's favorite song?
So I was actually going to bring this up earlier.
Somebody asked about how we craft our characters and for me, a lot of times it's trying to
think about what music they would listen to and I did not do that for Clark, so I can't
do it this easy.
I never knew you'd do that for any character.
I love that.
It's a really cool approach.
What do you think it would be though?
I don't know.
I'd have to think about it.
My old character Dash was this ex-military guy and I dove deep into like Three Doors
Down and all those bands you hear in military commercials to get into that character.
Wait.
I'm trying to think of what Clark Bishop's favorite song is.
It would be something that would show up on an easy listening radio station.
It would not be terribly good.
Just like easy listening, serious radio.
The truth is that I bet Clark doesn't care about music much.
I bet that's not part of his life and his recreation.
He's the kind of guy who says, oh, I don't really care for music.
It's like, what?
What do you mean?
I hear it when I hear it.
He's more of a podcast guy.
So I really like that you think of what your character would listen to before you create
it and John Lee Pettymore was not created like that at all, but he is named after the
Steve Earle song Copperhead Road.
The very first line in that song is my name's John Lee Pettymore.
Same as my daddy and my daddy before.
I missed, I constantly over the recording of this got mistaken whether or not it should
be John Lee Pettymore the third or the fourth, but canonically with the song, it should be
the fourth.
All right.
Well, from here on out.
That's John Lee Pettymore's musical background and that is also a song John Lee Pettymore
would love.
So.
Yeah.
Right.
So you're the fourth now, right?
You're like, you've always been the fourth.
I'm pretty sure it started out as the fourth and I switched to the third fucking shit
up.
I can't believe you did that.
Me either.
Well, thankfully it's not a huge deal.
Keith's would be, uh, his favorite genre of music is what can he sing at karaoke?
Uh, so he likes cheeseburger in paradise.
He loves the Doobie brothers.
Pretty much any, any, uh, like yacht rock he's really into, but yeah, I would say cheeseburger
in paradise, probably Keith's.
And then I want to ask, what would Wolf the dog's favorite song be?
It's obvious.
I think I know what it is.
It's kudzu.
It's kudzu.
Are you sure?
I don't think he likes it very much.
That's his purgatory.
I imagine Wolf the dog sits in a corner and just listens to a low hum and he just turns
on whenever like the radio signals are active.
Also shout out to kudzu.
If you haven't gone and listened to them on bandcamp or on Spotify now to Spotify and
bandcamp, they have more songs than no backbone and they have better songs and no backbone
on us.
Oh, almost all those songs are better than the backbone, but ours is just, we picked
the worst.
Yeah.
Ours is just good for a podcast.
And I don't care that you think it's the worst.
I'm going to use it as the theme song.
And they said, no, please take one of our other songs.
All this stuff is way more jazzy, funky.
It's a little...
They're a pop punk band.
Little jazz trio named kudzu.
No, but go check them out.
They're great.
They are amazing.
One of the best bands out of a really great town for local music.
Absolutely.
We do have a lot of great, great bands out here.
We will mention them later on in the podcast.
So guys, thank you for listening to this Q&A episode.
Basically this is our announcement for the Patreon that we're going to do to keep the
show alive.
We really want to keep the show alive.
Yeah.
We're really happy doing it.
We really enjoy doing it and you know, if we don't make it, that's fine.
We'll just keep recording and I'll send all the edits to the boys and we'll have a really
fun home game.
With lots of cool...
So with all that being said, we did say this was a recap episode and we did do some recapping
within answering some of the questions.
We did some spoilies and whatnot, but I am here today to finish this episode with a full
recap of everything, maybe not quite everything, but everything that's happened in the show
so far.
Keith Vigno wears large pants.
He wears suspenders as well as a belt.
Drew has lots of gum showing like his top lip is receding.
Dogs are howling in the old neighborhood.
It's the chief's birthday.
Drew brought her a yellow journal.
Now you have all three colors.
Clark got her a box of chocolates.
John gives her two thirds full bottle of cheap bourbon.
Keith Vigna didn't get the chief a birthday present.
She did, however, receive a box with a single rose, a white hard hat and a black silk bow
tie before leaving town.
I'm so sorry.
Is it going to be this detailed?
No, it's absolutely not.
Julie Maxwell called in to report a dead body at the piston junkyard and then crashed your
car driving drunk and was pronounced dead at the city hospital.
The body found at the piston junkyard had a brand on the back reading, this is a fool.
Councilwoman Carrie Page's dog is missing and she is pissed.
Jimmy Sanders saw an oil spill while tripping on mushrooms.
Mildred Mitchell, that old kooky pot head, saw a bright flash of light from across the
street in John Peter's house.
John Peters is missing.
Herdy at a long...
The farmer?
God damn it.
Herdy at a long...
That's the one thing we didn't address.
That's such a bummer.
We didn't mean to do that.
I completely forgot.
I haven't listened to Night F Fiddle in so long, but that's my bad.
It's just conscious, subconscious, weird thing.
My bad.
Sorry, I made it confusing.
Just a plain ass name.
John Peters is missing.
Herdy at a long stay in the hospital a couple years ago.
Two people came to John Peters' house, packed a trunk into their white Toyota and took off.
The officers went to Chief Maggie Cook's house.
She wasn't there.
They went to Klinker's, the bar run by Harry Klinker with a daycare in the back.
When Keith was a child, he liked to cut up hot dogs on white bread.
Julie Maxwell had a restraining order put out against Leo Piston back 15 years ago for
killing her sister Ashley.
John found the chief's blue notebook, but her red and yellow notebooks were missing.
Some idiot at the city hospital fucked up and put Julie Maxwell in the morgue.
She came to and started screaming.
County said that the body from the junkyard had the organs of someone who died 200 years
ago but the skin and hair of someone who died yesterday.
Charles, a drunk man and friend of the missing John Peters, went to the police station to
get answers before pulling a gun and running away upon hearing the sound of a car crash
in the parking lot.
Kathy Piston shot Keith Vigna in the foot.
He snooped around her property until trying to stow away on her school bus full of homeless
people.
He heard himself falling from the emergency hatch in the back.
John Lee Pettymore seems to believe some hooded robot man gave him a message.
The crash in the police station parking lot was a stolen black SUV t-boning George Piston's
truck while it sat parked in the police station lot.
Julie Maxwell, back from the dead, kidnapped Leo Piston and took him to Splashylvania.
She shot Leo Piston at the top of the two-fanged plunge.
Officer Clark Bishop then shot and killed Julie Maxwell.
The two bodies were slammed into the ground by an unseen force before disappearing.
Officer John Lee Pettymore took a weird picture of the missing John Peters.
Drew Andrews, upstanding citizen and police station secretary, translated the binary that
the hooded robot man gave John.
It said, I killed the chief's pops, John.
Keith is in a wheelchair.
The officers broke into John Peters' storage units and found lots of things.
One thing they found was so smelly they decided not to open it until back at the station because
they wanted the station to smell bad.
They took everything back to the station in a U-Haul.
In the nasty plastic trunk, a woman's head, split in half with a small sphere in the middle,
sat upon what was likely her own chopped up body.
John pocketed it.
The officers went to the woods, found a patch of land that had been burned to the ground,
realized they were being watched, freaked out, wrecked the four-wheeler, ran into trees,
and overall just super fucked up, including Clark flying a drone into himself.
Then they went to Julie Maxwell's, wore her taxidermy, found a circled yellow pages
ad for Dr. Marie Jacobs and a receipt from Forgotten Treasures, a local flea market.
They went to Forgotten Treasures and found the camera Julie Maxwell purchased was from
Mildred Mitchell's booth.
They went to Mildred's house.
She didn't know about the items recently sold at her booth.
She assumes her granddaughter, Tildy B. Mitchell, was selling things at her booth.
Tildy B. Mitchell came downstairs, freaked out when she saw cops, and ran into her room.
But when Clark busted in, Tildy B. pointed the strange gun at him and then disappeared
in a massive flash of light.
Is it realistic that Tildy B. was selling the things at a flea market and not on Etsy?
They went to Forgotten Treasures and bullied the nice lady there until she put her own
life in danger by telling the cops about the drunk man who threatened her.
Upon leaving, the white Toyota they had been searching for peeled out onto the road after
a short, dangerous pursuit.
Keith Vigna gunned down Charles Donovan, John Lee Pettymore fired warning shots into the
air as well as Clark's tires, and they found a bald man tied up in the trunk.
Keith took the ambulance with the unconscious bald man to the clinic.
Officers Bishop and Pettymore headed to the suburbs to chat with Dr. Marie Jacobs when
they saw an unkempt man, who we now know as James the mill worker, frantically vacuuming
his lawn.
This ended in tragedy.
But Clark, John, and James all made it out with their lives.
Our brave and heroic contention police officer, Keith Vigna, was made unconscious by Billy
Harrison, the man found tied up in the trunk of Charles Donovan, the drunk who threatened
the woman at Forgotten Treasures, both of which told officers they were friends of John
Peters.
Dr. Marie Jacobs seemed to be up to no good.
Officers Bishop and Pettymore found man-sized fecal matter in the litter box, and the doctor
yelled, Salem, prompting something to begin running up the stairs from the basement.
The talented and beloved contention police officer, Keith Vigna, found himself sans uniform,
weapon, and cruiser at the clinic.
He had to call his partners to pick him up.
Meanwhile, officers Bishop and Pettymore detained Dr. Marie Jacobs and her blood-covered
husband Doug Jacobs in a cell at the contention police department.
Officer Vigna and the two other idiots busted into the deceased Charles' room at Hotel
Motel, guns drawn in sans warrant.
There they found a woman dressed similarly to her favorite TV character, the Fonz.
The woman we now know as Rosemary whipped a knife out at Officer Vigna after these so-called
peacekeepers pulled their guns out.
The party had Rosemary pinned down until the brilliant Keith Vigna engaged her in hand-to-hand
combat resulting in a hostage situation for the copper.
Vigna, an officer of the law, proceeded to brag about killing her coworker, but the sweet-talkin'
officer Bishop managed to keep her from killing him there on the spot.
When the old, wiry lady made a run for it over the railing and into the parking lot,
all three officers unloaded their weapons from the second-floor corridor, bringing her
down before she could get into her vehicle.
The officers patched her up and sent her to the hospital with Lauren, the only decent
officer left in contention.
The officers planned a sting operation to catch Billy Harrison, the stranger running
about contention who's wearing an official police uniform.
The sting operation was actually a good idea, but the FBI was watching and stepped in on
the whole thing.
Agents Kennedy and McKinley were in town looking for a black Nike bag with nothing in it.
The federal agents have agreed to meet the contention squad tomorrow morning, December
4th at the police department.
When the party met up at the station to figure out what to do with their illegal seizures,
Drew was uncommonly not at his desk, replaced instead by a note telling them he went to
the chief's house.
Officers Bishop and Pettymore hauled off the undocumented loot to their individual residences
while Keith went to the chief's house to check on Drew.
Officers Bishop and Pettymore were soon called to the chief's house after it had exploded,
leaving the unconscious Officer Vigna and Drew Andrews on the cold yard.
That explosion also left behind the burned bodies of Harold Dorsey, Chief Maggie Cook,
and an unkempt man with a bullet hole in his head and his face in a pile of foot meat.
That man we now know as James the Mill Worker.
Officer Bishop learned that the chief's car had been in the mill on the other side of
the city since the night of December 1st.
The County Coroner reports that during the investigation of an active crime scene, Officer
John Lee Pettymore of contention slipped and shoved a possible murder weapon into the
eye socket of the deceased Chief Maggie Cook, fumbling and digging around atrociously as
the charred bones themselves began to crumble to no longer be a part of the situation.
No.
Officer Vigna broke into Officer Pettymore's house to find some cocaine for personal use.
This is cocaine they stole from a storage unit after finding the key at the home of
a missing person, that missing person being John Peters.
The fire at the city hospital has now claimed the lives of more than 20 individuals.
The names of the deceased are not yet being released.
More importantly, however, the officers take a while to order breakfast, finally deciding
on Bishop's big bean breakfast from beans on beans.
The officers are also dealing with a situation where an Officer Bishop seems to be in more
than one place at a time.
He has no recollection of this.
The FBI agents come in, use the Nike bag by dropping in a small silver sphere, making
sure not to touch it, and then recruit the officers into some unknown organization by
giving them a phone number and telling them to eliminate the threat and keep it all out
of the news.
It's all probably fine.
Flashback!
Clark found himself locked in the public library with Gerald Fingerson as the sky turned completely
dark.
The doors were locked by a cloaked figure who began chasing after a tall man in a suit.
That sadly was not the worst of it because Clark got back home only to find his reality
shattering, eventually remembering the confession of the woman who killed his parents.
Back in current times, the officers went to the Daily Fuh after Gary Daley called in to
report information about the Chief's disappearance.
They learned the Chief arrived to her home accompanied by James the mill worker and another
man who held them at gunpoint.
The gunman was an all black and had a scar over his eye.
Gary Daley saw this man because he was following Harold Dorsey, the writer from the city who
took Drew to the Chief's home.
The officers, always utilizing their time efficiently, spent a while asking Gary Daley
about the art he has hanging in his restaurant.
That was relevant.
John Lee and Don D. Pettymore gave us a glimpse into the accident that propelled John into
a life of civic duty.
They were chased by a couple of giant, gaunt, suited men that seemed to vanish when the
pair of Pettymores came across John's nemesis, Large Eddie, roughing up Don's car in the
parking lot.
The altercation ended with a deliriously concussed John Lee Pettymore seeing his second cousin
father figure scorch Large Eddie's fist with only his hand.
Back in the current timeline, the officers went to the First Church of Contention which
was hosting a lunch for anyone who needed it made by the pastor's wife and children
served by the youth group.
The officers, well, Keith, broke into Pastor Adam Kane's office, stole the motorcycle
helmet he bought from Mildred Mitchell's booth at Forgotten Treasures, and learned
that he is working on legislation to allow motorcyclists to ride without helmets.
Turns out, maybe Keith is a monster to be around because his dad was a dick who clearly
preferred Keith's older brother Ferguson.
Or he's played by Luke.
That's not an excuse.
Pastor Vigna is the worst person in contention.
While playing on their family sprawling estate, Keith and Ferguson heard the sirens blaring
as strange, gaunt men in suits appeared to fall from the sky and were shot down by the
Bean's personal security.
Later that night, William Beans gave Ferguson a watch and told him about a prophecy that
says he will save the world.
Back in whatever year it is now, the officers took the pastor's helmet to the police station
and locked it up with the other items from the booth at Forgotten Treasures.
The light on the camera was green, so John took a picture of Keith outside the station.
Unsurprisingly, the Keith was not of Keith, the picture was not of Keith, but of two men
in a strange room that lacked color.
On the way to the mill on the other side of the city, John saw something strange in the
sky causing a fiery three car wreck on the main longitudinal drag of contention.
A minivan was run off the road by Officer Pettymore, a former teen sprint car racer
who was banned from the circuit after an accident that left multiple bystanders hospitalized.
The minivan flipped and caught fire.
Officer Bishop pulled a young boy from the fiery wreckage.
The boy is at the clinic in critical condition.
The minivan then combusted, killing the driver and other passenger who were both trapped
in the vehicle.
Officer Vigna made it out with a concussion, a broken nose, and the memories of a particularly
traumatic childhood Christmas.
A vocal group of the contention population are protesting and letting these officers
know how they feel.
Drew apologized to the officers for not passing along critical information like calls about
missing persons, animals in the ponds and creeks, and a voicemail from the feds.
Doug, Dr. Marie Jacobs' husband who is currently inhabiting the body of their cat Salem, showed
the officers the animals are hiding in the water because the oily substance cannot get
them in the ponds and creeks.
Randy Angst, dentist, estate salesman, and historical society member, also lover, revealed
some interesting information to the officers about the picture from the odd camera John
found in Julie Maxwell's car as well as about Cole's orphanage.
In James the Millworker's house, they found a cache of guns hidden under the coffee table,
a bunch of cleaning supplies and random materials, and a small enclave behind an oil painting
of a rose, a few loose tiles in the kitchen where something buried has been dragged out,
and a 12-foot deep pit under a trap door with two corpses and an officer Clark Bishop at
the bottom.
I always am.
A heavy artillery weapon is being fired into the house from the front yard.
Then we had combat from the time the robot man blasted the door from its frame to when
the robot man almost cut Officer Bishop's arm off to when the robot man froze at the
command of Officer Pettymore to when the robot man's torso flew out the window, gripping
the throat of Officer Vigna.
Skyrockets in flight, baby.
Show me armogato.
Thank beans he poked that Terminator top in the eye just in time to escape before the
metal fella exploded like fireworks earlier in the evening.
The officers then cleaned themselves up after fighting a large robot man with feelings,
perhaps?
Keith Vigna found a single piece of music called The Rise of the End in the bench of
the stringless piano.
Clark Bishop found in the flipped-over coffee table blueprints for Calm Comfy Campground,
a suspiciously planned-out set of seven buildings, six encircling a large one in the center that
sits on Lake Calm.
A similar design was found drawn on a piece of paper in the pocket of one of the two corpses
they found in the pit under the trap door that Bishop fell into.
Sitting in James the Millworker's house, the officers remember that he died in Chief
Maggie Cook's house with a bullet in his head, face down, and a plate of foot meat.
They also remember the contents of the present that she received from an unknown source the
night she took off, the red rose, the white hard hat, and the black silk bowtie, all of
which were present in this home in a painting on a suit of armor and worn by a statue, respectively.
After undressing the bottom half of the still-standing robot man, the gang finds a logo on the smooth
pelvic area.
It is an M made out of four double helices.
They voted and decided to store the legs in Keith's cruiser trunk.
Keith's cruiser's trunk.
After officers Bishop and Vigna had the most uncomfortable dinner since the last supper,
some really plot-heavy shit went down.
Keith Vigna was approached by his niece, Frances Beanes.
Upon accepting her proposal, the two are driving east, away from contention.
John Lee Pettymore and Drew Andrews bonded over a shared fortune after a smooth transaction,
and Clark Bishop saw an impossibility out of his own window and then woke up in an unfamiliar
place with an unfamiliar face.
Officer Keith Vigna convinced a woman to murder Ferguson, his handsome and well-dressed brother.
He then murdered that woman and stole the watch that was passed down from William Beanes
off of Fergie's corpse, then he laid in his bed at Hotel Motel.
Officer John Lee Pettymore and Drew Andrews were being held hostage by Rosemary, who works
for Marvin Glass, after she killed two of the Pettymore cousins.
Clark Bishop was inducted into the Circle of Knowledge.
There, he ran into a mysterious woman from his past.
Clark then headed back to contention in a cab from the mill on the other side of the city.
The officers met back at the contention police station early in the morning of December 5th,
along with Drew and their new partner in crime, Rosemary, an actual member of the Glass crime family.
In the station, an FBI agent named Trent Chad was sorting through contention's paperwork.
Clark shot him with a dart, and agent Trent Chad became very impressionable.
With agent Trent Chad's newfound pliability, the officers worked out ways in order to convince
the public as well as the feds that the local authorities have everything under control
in contention.
The officers found their cells holding Dr. Marie Jacobs and her cat man to be empty.
Upon checking the security footage, they confirmed the black ooze slammed the two jailbirds into
the ground of their cells before disappearing entirely.
Keith blurted out that the camera will be ready to use at 1 p.m.
They checked the evidence room and saw a single green light beaming from the old glass tube
covered radio.
The officers grab the strange gun and camera and head off to the city with Doug, who is
in the body of agent Trent Chad.
Rosemary is driving separately.
There is a severe lack of traffic and human life in contention.
The town is loud, though, with plenty of animals filling up the ponds and creeks.
The officers stock up on weapons and throw on body armor at Clark Bishop's house.
Keith brings his very small, very powerful gun.
On the way, they call Harry Klinker and basically tell him everything that's been happening.
Harry says Gary didn't come home last night.
Pettymore asks if he's been acting weirder than normal.
Harry says not really, but that he's been meeting with his group more often than usual.
Harry clarifies that it's a group of spiritualists and metaphysics thinkers, including Gary,
Dr. Marie Jacobs, and Mildred Mitchell.
They call Gary daily, and Gary says he's hanging out with Mildred Mitchell.
It would have been way better if they were Harry and Gary Derry.
They call Gary daily, and Gary says he's hanging out with Mildred Mitchell at her house, says
that she's having a bit of a breakdown.
Gary describes the group as a...
Sorry.
Vape break, bro.
They call Gary daily, and Gary says he's hanging out with Mildred Mitchell at her house, says
that she's having a bit of a breakdown.
Gary describes the group as a sorcerer's guild.
Gary says it's been years since they'd sorcered anything.
Harry Potter fanfic.
Jesus.
Dude, keep coughing, you'll get higher, bro.
You don't cough those crystals up.
I'm sorry.
You don't have your pen in here, do you?
He also mentions Carrie Pages, who got the protesters all riled up.
She might have had something going on, and she had a lot of power.
Clarke worries that this is all his fault, since he couldn't find her dog.
Gary mentions that Mildred keeps staring at a picture that she thinks somehow changed.
It's a picture of the founders of the town, and she is dead certain that Silas Cole looks
different than he did before.
Gary thinks he looks the exact same.
Mildred keeps saying he's not as attractive as he used to be, and now he's dumber looking?
She also says that in a reflection and a piece of glass in the picture is Tildy B. Mitchell.
Pettymore asks if Gary would describe his grandfather as a wizard.
Gary says definitely.
Gary explains further that Gary was always afraid to let them know, as he thought it
might have some sort of reaction.
Gary's grandfather gave him a book, and it had three pages left in it, and he was to
read those pages after tearing them out of the book and then spill blood upon your heads.
When Gary did that, the words danced like magic on the page and came off like sparks.
It was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen.
It surrounded you guys in this light, and he did it because the three of them are the
key to everything.
Gary only knows that he'd done his part, and the rest was up to them.
Gary's grandfather didn't tell him exactly what happened, but that, quote, fortune would
be on your side.
As the phone call comes to a close, Gary mentions that Mildred hates you guys, and you should
probably avoid her.
They get to the city, and Rosemary leads them into a parking garage below a massive skyscraper.
There's an elevator door, and John Lee Pettymore, Keith Vigna, and Clark Bishop get into the
elevator.
The wall on the other side of the black onyx walled elevator opens into a dark room.
The boys walk in, and the door behind them shuts.
Nice.
Hell yeah.
There, they meet Marvin Glass.
How many of you can make yourself burp?
Nobody.
Everyone's shaking their head now.
Oh my god, that's disgusting.
Stop.
There.
Stop it.
Stop it.
I don't like that.
You love it.
This is good content.
If you guys don't subscribe to the Patreon, then-
That will continue.
There they meet Marvin Glass, someone with a massive frame.
It is completely gaunt, no muscle or fat, skin stretched across long bones.
They're in a fitted black tuxedo, and the spotlight shows off a bright red bowtie and
only reaches to illuminate the lower half of that person's face.
The skin on the chin is almost translucent with no hair.
It has two thin, bright red lips.
Not even quite lips at all, just red lipstick encircling a round hole above the sharp chin.
And he says-
I'm so sorry, but real quick, in an episode of 30 Rock, Jonathan says to Liz, your mouth
looks like somebody kicked a hole in a bag of flour.
God, that's incredible.
All right.
Anyway.
Basically accuses John Lee Pettymore of buying lost cocaine off of Ferguson beans.
Never.
Yeah.
And there is some confusion over Rosemary's obsession with getting the gun.
Marvin Glass also says that it's good to see Keith, you know, everyone's favorite fuck
up that he hired to murder his own brother.
And Keith denies, but-
I deny both of those things.
Yeah.
He casts and fills the room and all the officers fall unconscious.
I trust my fellow officers, this is stupid, as I hope they trust me.
You guys woke up in metal cages hanging from the ceiling and outlined the smokey, dimly
lit room.
There are three other cages next to yours, each inhabited by a person stripped down to
their underwear.
Okay.
I wrote way too much for this.
Yeah.
This one can be-
It's going back to how the first one was.
Yeah, it is.
I've had a theory about why Rosemary was so into that gun for so long now.
We can talk about it off mic after this.
Don't talk at- don't talk off mic.
I'm just- I'm just talking to you.
Fifteen feet below is a crowd of 20 or so fancily clad individuals, each parking in-
This is too much.
It's way too much.
I was about to say-
That's how you described it to us in the episode.
All the other stuff was very concise.
This is also going to be the one that they just listened to.
Oh yeah.
And then you guys got it from there.
What?
Okay.
That was a-
Dude better than that.
Zach, that was good.
Do you want to record it?
Yeah.
I think on this-
I think that was a really- that was a really solid run through.
Yeah.
Let's lay one down.
And then the episode last week happened and you guys are caught up to what's happening
right now.
So thanks for joining us for this Q&A and recap episode of Pretending to be People.
We'll be back next Monday with your regularly scheduled programming that Wolf the Dog just
loves giving to you every week.
And I will say we did have one other question that asked if we've played any interesting
systems other than Delta Green and Pulp Cthulhu.
And we have plenty of other questions to answer too.
And we're going to get to all those on our first Patreon only episode that will come
out next month.
So look forward to that.
If you want the bonus content, we gotta get the bonus.
Yeah if you want the tent, give us the poles baby.
Exactly.
Yep.
Wow, thank you so much to Pretending to be People for that sweet, sweet content.
And welcome back to 694.2 PTBP, Contentions newest and only radio station.
If you would like to hear more behind the scenes content like you just heard, or if
you just want this show to continue, click on over to patreon.com slash pretending pod
and become an honorary police officer.
If you have questions for any of the fine people on that show, send them to at pretending
pod on Twitter or Instagram, or post them on our Facebook page or the subreddit or email
them to pretendingpod at gmail dot com.
Or go all out, record audio of you asking your question and send that so they can use
it in the episode.
We've been having some difficulties with the switchboard down here, so I'm going to have
to premiere a brand new song for y'all this week, here with a certified banger so hot
that when it slaps it sears it's kudzu with no backbone.
Thanks for watching, see you in the next one.
