Hello my cast and crew and adoring audience.
It's your theater director that brings that sweet sweet nectar, Wolf the dog.
And you know I'm blocking all the scenes here in contention from 694.2 PTBP like I always
do my babies.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf comes from a listener who tagged at PretendingPod on Twitter.
And your buddy Wolf appreciates that so fucking much y'all.
He writes.
Hello Mr. Wolf.
My name is Eidos Fillmore and I'm a proud but concerned resident of 45 years here in
contention.
First, I don't actually understand the program that follows your fine program.
I have no idea.
What I do have an idea about are all the pets going missing lately.
Hell, the families on my block are missing the dogs and the cats.
But who's the only citizen who also happens to serve on the city council to have a deputy
come out and personally assist her and her stupid dog?
Sir, you're a deputy.
Don't you have better things to be doing?
And then this fella Deputy Vigna coming home like some goddamn prodigal son.
Except he ain't no prodigal and we all wish he would have stayed gone.
I heard he almost laid hands on Leo Piston the day before he mysteriously goes missing.
Hmm.
Sorry for the long note, Wolf.
Signed, Eidos.
Damn, Eidos.
You bring up some solid complaints.
Maybe we should do something about these stupid coppers.
From what I can tell, the hip new spot for all the cool cats in contention is in the
creeks and ponds, my babies.
For all you cool cats listening, you too can submit a message to be read by your old pal
Wolf by tagging app pretending pod on social media or writing a five star review, screenshotting
it and sending it to pretendingpod at gmail dot com.
But either way, isn't it about time you left us a review?
You know what makes Wolf the dog feel so good.
I want to bathe in your five stars, my babies, help your little wolfy boy get all squeaky
clean.
However, now it's time to dig up some dirt.
It's the news.
The officers were last seen causing a fatal car crash.
A minivan was run off the road by Officer Betty Moore, a former teen sprint car racer
who was banned from the circuit after an accident that left multiple bystanders hospitalized.
The minivan flipped and caught fire.
Officer Bishop pulled a young boy from the fiery wreckage.
The boy is at the clinic in critical condition.
The minivan then combusted, killing the driver and the other passenger who were both trapped
in the vehicle.
The vigna made it out with a concussion, a broken nose and the memories of a particularly
traumatic childhood Christmas y'all.
Speaking of Christmas, I don't want a lot for Christmas, there is just one thing I need.
I don't care about the presents underneath the Christmas tree.
I just want five star reviews, take just a second on iTunes, make my wish come true y'all.
All I want for Christmas is kudzoo with no backbone.
Who did the scoop?
I have a hypothetical situation for you guys.
If you had the opportunity to have this magical ability, which is anytime you were done with
a piece of clothing that you were wearing, you could drop it on the floor and it would
immediately be pressed and laundered and back in your chest of drawers or your closet like
immediately or wherever you needed your clothes to be at that moment.
But in order to get this ability, you have to fuck a corpse.
Yeah, for sure. Two birds.
For how long?
Okay, good question.
To completion?
No, you have to fuck a corpse for five minutes.
Until it comes.
You have to make a corpse come, okay.
How fresh or old is the corpse?
The corpse is roughly your age.
When's the last time it was alive?
Right, yeah.
Oh, that's what you meant by fresh.
Still warm?
Uh, no.
Like days, weeks?
Like six hours.
Oh, yeah, for sure.
Wait, why does that matter? What if it was a day old?
Still, but if it was like six weeks.
Right.
It'd be harder to do.
Or three years.
Yeah.
Right, okay, well that would be much harder.
It'd be just like bones.
I don't know.
Rubbing your bones.
I would fuck a six hour corpse.
So he was baiting us into blackmail is what that was.
I have this recorded for posterity.
He just has dirt on his mouth.
Is the question, I'm doing someone's laundry until they die and then I get to fuck them?
Then yeah.
I think a more interesting consequence is that your clothes would be perfectly folded,
pressed, put away, but a random person in the world's like comparable outfit just bursts
into flames.
Like, is gone.
Then double, yeah.
Yeah, I would do that.
It's like the opposite of Tom's.
Yeah.
Like actually every time you do it, a pair of Toms.
Disappears.
Disappears.
Okay, so John, you are holding this wet black cat and you have just called it Doug and told
it you would help him.
I think you mean I'm holding a man.
I'm holding Doug.
I didn't just call this cat Doug.
This is basic.
You're talking to my old man.
Radio?
The radio turned you into this cat?
Hey, I don't like, you guys see this, right?
This cat is definitely, I'm talking to this cat.
Is your name Doug?
Yeah, that's a yes.
Is your name Clark?
Meow, meow.
Okay, good.
We've got the twos and the twos.
No.
One is yes.
Is two no?
Meow.
Is one yes?
Meow.
Is two yes?
Meow.
Meow.
This is a smart cat because it's Doug.
I have a quick question.
Am I still at a negative 20 right now?
Meow.
Doug, do you know how this happened to you?
Meow.
So you could turn, you could fix it?
We could help you fix it.
You know how to fix it?
Meow.
Was that?
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
As you guys are talking to this cat, a crowd of people show up.
They're standing around.
A lot of them begin booing at you.
Many of them have their phones up and are taking videos.
And a young girl walks up to go ahead and roll luck against each other and see who rolls
the lowest or goes over the most.
Uh, I'd go pretty far over, 87 on a 55.
I'm really far under, I've got a 12 on a 75.
I got 69 on a 65.
Hell yeah.
A little girl walks up to John Lee Pettymore and she spits at you and a voice yells out
from the crowd, yeah girl, fuck the police, uh, hey guys, uh, I think we better get out
of here.
And Drew jumps into the back of Officer Vigno's cruiser.
Alright, come on, Doug, it's not safe for cop or beast.
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
I also get into my cruiser.
Yeah, our cruisers are gone, right?
So I get into Vigno's cruiser with Doug.
I get in also.
Okay, I take off, I put my lights on and honk and...
What do you guys think that angry mob was about?
Is it that we let that lady and those kids die?
We saved one of the kids.
Meow?
Not let, it just happened near us.
Don't worry, Doug.
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
Nothing's gonna happen to you.
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
Well, that girl better be happy she did that to you, because if it was me, there'd be one
more dead kid.
Doug, you're gonna have to excuse Officer Vigno, he has a bizarre sense of humor.
I just, I saw a lot of weird shit today, I'm just trying to make up.
That's true, we all have.
We're talking to a cat right now.
This cat looks up at you and its eyes switch over from slits to full blown, like, black
pupils and it jumps out of your hands, John, and it jumps into Clark's lap and looks back
at you fearfully before its eyes move back into slits.
I'd stroke him gently.
It's okay, Doug.
Vigno's the one saying scary shit, cat.
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
This guy loves communism.
You fellas think we should go back to the station and see if we can do some body switching?
Yeah.
Would you like us to switch your body?
I think we have the technology.
That's it.
Let's go back to the station and we'll think about the angry mob later.
Meow.
You guys roll up to the station and outside of the police station there is a group of
people holding up signs.
They're walking around in a big circle and they seem to be chanting something along the
lines of, our cops are crooks, our pigs are pricks, if we could choose they'd lose their
dicks.
Oh well shit, yikes.
If only they knew that had actually happened to one of us earlier.
Hey, that's not funny.
There's a sign that says, justice for Tilde B in all caps.
Another says, where is Leo Piston?
One of the protesters is just holding up a tablet with a video of Officer Pettymore firing
into the air and yelling at civilians.
More signs say, that's completely taken out of context.
30 people went missing in one week and they blew up Chief Cook, I say we cook up the blue.
Wow.
Are you proud of yourself for that one, Zach?
I am so proud of myself for that.
Who was Tilde B?
Well, that was the girl, right?
The one that shot the gun and disappeared.
That is correct.
Okay.
Oh shit.
The woman across the street from John Peters house's daughter.
Milgram Mitchell.
Milgram Mitchell.
Oh it was Milgram Mitchell.
If Maggie had been here, she would have been having press conferences and I guess assuring
people that we had it under control.
I guess we forgot the public relations part of our job.
Whoever has the highest humant, who is that?
Me.
Can you go ahead and roll humant for me?
That's a crit success.
Drew is so nervous right now.
He is fiddling with his thumbs.
He's not holding eye contact with anyone.
He's trying to avoid any conversation.
Hey Drew, what's the matter?
Well, just, you know, nervous we got this cat in here that's I guess supposed to be
the cat of another cat and there's the people inside a cat and there's cats inside people
and there was a body from old and a body from new and there's just a lot of stuff going
on right now and I'm freaking out man.
This is crazy.
Drew, I think maybe you should go try to calm this crowd down out there.
Yeah?
Yeah, you're a good public speaker.
Go ahead and roll persuade.
That's another crit success.
Do you think that'll help?
Oh, that can't hurt.
So you pull up into the parking lot and Drew hops out.
You guys can hear him.
Hello everyone, members of the, the established population of contention.
I am here to tell you that nothing is wrong.
Everything is fine and you're all overreacting to the truths of the universe that are real.
Drew, Drew, Drew, Drew dial it back buddy, I go and grab it.
What is actually happening?
I fire my gun in the air a few times to distract people from...
There are people just like taking videos with their cameras of all of this happening.
I'm assuming you guys dip into the police station.
Immediately.
Okay, so you all run in there.
Uh, Drew, that, that didn't go so well.
Drew, was there a mob here when you left?
No, I didn't, I didn't see one.
Guys, I've been kind of overwhelmed recently and I mean, Florence hasn't checked in today
at all and you know, I'd figured she'd be helping out with, I don't know, here.
I grab Drew by the shoulders and I look him deep in the eye and I'm like, Drew, buddy,
I need you to keep it together today.
You understand?
Roll human.
Who's Florence?
15.
Florence is the police officer that works alongside you guys in contention.
They typically take care of most things that are happening around the town.
You rolled a 15?
On a 40 or 50.
Okay, so he calms down and he's like, okay, well this is, this is hard and I wanted to,
you know, tell you guys over time, you know, maybe this would all kind of fade away, but
and he reaches over his desk and he grabs this sheet of paper.
He hands it to you guys and it says, remember to tell the guys at the top and then it lists
off like 20 names as missing persons and roughly 100 phone calls about the animals in the water.
There's also just a section heading called complaints and it has more tallies than you
could possibly care to count.
The last thing on the list just says feds left a message.
Who left a message?
What did the feds say?
Drew?
Let me find it.
And he messes with the phone and you hear the voicemail come over and it's like, no
new messages, all messages have been deleted.
And he's like, oh shit, um, I don't, I don't remember exactly what it was.
I think the general gist was like, Hey, what the fuck is going on?
The news media, I don't know something.
People are, guys, people are really upset.
That much is apparent.
How did you get so bad at your job so quickly, Drew?
I've always been pretty bad at my job, but chief, don't laugh at me.
Chief cookie has typically kept everything together.
She keeps me on time.
She keeps me keeping up with everything.
She would never let it get out of hand like this.
Drew, if chief were here, how do you think she would go about assuaging the fears of
the public?
Yeah, buddy.
What would chief do?
What would chief do?
What would chief do?
I don't know.
We've never dealt with anything like this before.
I think the first thing chief would tell you to do is to make yourself and us and Dr. Jacobs
and that cat man, a nice hot cup of coffee.
We're just going to take a step back and deal with this one thing at a time.
Drew, if Florence wasn't so hilariously inept at his job, he would have kept you on that
list.
I know he would.
You would have been on the ball.
This isn't your fault.
This is Florence's fault.
Where is he?
Are you okay, John?
Yeah, I mean, because I'm being nice to you?
No, it's just that Florence is a woman.
He knows that.
Yeah, it's just a joke between me and Florence.
Oh, does she think it's funny?
You know what?
I'll never stop to consider that.
All right, well, maybe we'll ask her.
You're right.
I'll just go make some coffee.
And he runs into the back room and gets a pot going.
I'm holding Doug.
I say, Doug, we've got the radio.
Is that part of the process of getting you switched?
Meow.
Okay.
Is it safe for me to touch it?
Meow.
Okay.
I'm going to set Doug down and go back to the lockers and get the radio out.
He follows you.
Okay.
The cat follows you.
I want to take the radio.
The radio has a red light showing on it.
I want to take the radio, go back to the cells, and set it on the outside of the cells.
Okay.
Mildred assuming is there.
Dr. Marie Jacobs.
Oh, fuck yeah.
Dr. Marie Jacobs.
Doc, somebody here you may or may not be happy to see.
She's asleep and she kind of wakes up.
I kind of gesture toward the kitten.
Ah!
Oh.
So he made it alive, did he?
I just assumed the tar would have gotten him by now.
The tar?
Whatever.
Is that what you call the goo?
We've been calling it goo.
Have we?
We call it goo, right?
I think we call it goo.
I just had never heard anybody refer to it other than us.
Yeah.
How do you know about the goo?
I fear I've spoken out of turn.
What are you doing?
Well, we're going to put your husband back in his body.
No.
Yeah.
No.
Ma'am, I know.
Why don't you want that to happen?
I want to go home.
You should just let me go home with the man that I have now.
We've kind of got to let your husband go home from this cat's body.
You are talking like a...
We'll get him switched and you can go home.
Done.
You don't have to let him come with you.
It seems like this body switch has exposed some serious problems in your relationship
and maybe you two have a lot to work out, you know?
He can get a hotel, but he does need his body back, doctor.
Can I have the radio?
No.
No.
Why would you even think that was a possibility?
Why?
I bought the radio.
Did you want to do that to another man and cat?
No.
I wanted to do it to the same ones.
Ma'am, we can't let you...
I don't think there's a law on the books, but I know you can't radio your husband into
a cat and keep him trapped there for the rest of his life.
Like you just said, there's nothing on the books.
Also, how's it going to work?
Cats die within 15 years, 20 years.
I haven't thought about it that much.
How old's your cat?
You know?
And then, will the cat's brain die in your husband's body as he just gets older?
You haven't thought about this at all, man.
I certainly don't know the rules.
The rules are that you can't do this.
Well, I meant the rules of how long things would take to die within other bodies and
what have you.
I get the keys and open up the cell, get the husband out, and keep her in there and lock
it back.
Yeah.
That can go off without much of a head show.
What's he wearing?
He's wearing like...
He was in his underwear, and they were like SpongeBob underwear or something like that?
Or maybe a cartoon cat?
I hope it was a cartoon cat.
I can't remember now.
Underwear foreshadowing.
Pepe Le Pew.
Pepe Le Pew.
He also has a black collar around his neck, and he's got dried blood kind of still around
his mouth, but he's licked everything else clean.
I look at Doug, and I say, Doug, if he turns on the radio, will that do it?
The cat thinks for a second before saying, meow.
Will that have unintended consequences, perhaps?
There's only one way to find out.
I don't trust this cat.
Roll cat intelligence.
I don't want to turn into a cat standing here.
I don't either.
I think, okay, I think we need to approach Dr. Jacobs with some kind of deal.
We're going to have to try to persuade her to tell us how this happened and how this
worked.
Or we'll keep her locked here forever.
That's pretty good.
Yeah, hey, 30 people are missing in contention.
Nobody's going to miss one more.
We can go that route with it.
We can go pretty dark, or we can...
I wouldn't go that route.
You're not...
Shut up, Dr. Jacobs.
30 people disappeared in contention.
It would be easy for one more to go missing.
Now we're trying to think of how we're going to convince you.
I wouldn't.
I wouldn't convince me like that.
Shut up.
30 people have gone missing in contention.
Hey, Doc, how did this happen the first time?
It just happened.
I don't know.
Doc, how'd it happen?
What did the goo do?
The goo just ran out.
Followed the cat.
Your husband or...
Well, yeah, I guess he was a cat then.
Ma'am, we will let you free right now.
Okay.
With your cat body, husband.
Or with your man body cat.
Okay.
If you tell us how it happened.
Wait, no, that...
No, because if I tell you how it happened, you're just going to use it.
I promise I won't do that.
No, we're really scared to use it.
We don't want to be a cat, so just tell us.
That way we know to not use it.
Yeah, that way we know how to not do that.
Okay, which one of you has a better persuade?
I have a 70.
I have a 60.
All right, roll it up, Keith.
A 70 on a 70.
Oh, that's a success.
Yes.
Okay.
All right, tell us how it happened.
If you promise that I get to leave with Salem.
Of course, we promise.
In this...
Yeah, yeah, we promise.
Okay.
I turned it on and left the room.
With the cat and the man in there?
Yeah.
What station?
NPR.
Okay.
Uh, gross, first of all.
I didn't know they let you listen to that in contingent.
It's national.
Well, they got some good stories on there, Jon.
I mean...
Clark.
Okay, so...
Let's put him and the cat in a room together and turn that radio on and leave.
Do you believe her?
I do.
I think it's hilarious she believed us.
Clark, I rolled a 70 on my persuade.
Sometimes you just speak in mysteries, Keith.
I mean, what can it hurt?
Turn into a cat.
I'll do it.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.
I pat him on the back.
Thanks for taking this one, man.
I go into the solitary confinement cell that we have, right?
Probably not.
Oh, you can do the interrogation room?
Yeah, the interrogation room.
Perfect.
I bring the cat and Doug's body into the interrogation room.
Me and you are on the other side of the two-way mirror.
Yep.
Clark, Clark, either way, this could go real good for us.
So I'm gonna put Doug's human body in handcuffs, just, you know.
Sure.
Oh, wait, fuck.
Oh, sorry.
We can also check with the cat if that what she just told us is how it happened.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
I've beeped in through the intercom on the two-way mirror.
Hey, cat.
Is what she said earlier what happened?
Meow.
Cool.
Cool.
Okay.
So Doug, I need you to sit on the table and then I'm gonna have your body sit right here.
Do we have any cat treats we can distract the body with?
I had a toy at one point.
I run out to my desk real quick, grab it out of the drawer.
I come into the interrogation room and I just kind of crack the door open and toss it in
and close it real quick.
Then I get back behind the two-way mirror.
I grab the cat toy and dangle it in front of Doug's face, Doug, the human body face.
Salem.
Salem's face.
And then I put it on the table in front of him and then I've got the radio.
It's a big radio.
Like...
He's dragged it into the corner.
How, like...
You can...
Like one of those big old, like...
Yeah, it's big.
Like you would be able to carry it, but it would, it would be a lug.
Yeah, it's awkward.
Okay.
I do that.
Put it in the room.
What light is on?
Red.
If I press buttons on it, does anything change?
Or turn it into not dials?
I peep the intercom.
Uh, Keith, do you plug it in?
I plug it in.
Red.
Turn it to NPR.
I turn it to NPR.
91.1.
Red.
I turn it to literally every station.
Red.
Put the cat on there.
I'm gonna just leave both these guys in the room for a second and leave.
What do you think, Keith?
I don't know what to do.
Do you guys have any thoughts?
The light's just red.
The radio's on, though, right?
Just left it on?
It's on, yeah.
I turned it on and pressed all the buttons, so.
We got shit to do.
Let's leave them in here if we fire our eyes and see if we come back with them switched.
Could work.
What if they switch and re-switch several times, though, and they're trapped in there?
We could just ask Doug and see if it happened.
Some kind of hell.
You know, once we get back, we can say, hey, did you switch and switch back?
Like some kind of hell.
Yeah, you know, this is one of the least of my concerns at this point right now, honestly.
We found Doug.
Yeah, there were a lot of protesters outside, and they got angry with a bunch of hornets
when I shot those bullets off, so.
Should we shoot at them?
No.
No, I think that would only exacerbate things.
Okay, how do we deal with this, then?
God, if only Maggie was here.
With the camera.
Can you remember anything we did that made those lights turn on?
The best of my recollection, every time something really fucking scary was about to happen,
they turned on.
Tell me a scary story.
Maybe we lock them up in a cruiser, take them with us, and any time we, you know, feel the
hair tingle stand up on the back of our necks, we can.
What if Doug's body runs away, though?
Oh, we got that toy.
Oh, what if we-
No, I don't.
That's not letting it work.
What if we try to get the doctor to do it?
She probably won't do it, though.
She won't do it.
What if we tell her we're gonna, I don't know, threaten her to-
Oh, hey, let's go ask her how, what color the light was and how, what the circumstances
were that it turned on.
There we go.
I go back to the doctor.
So tell me more about the night this happened.
Didn't work, did it?
I saw you bring that radio out here.
I saw the light was red.
Was the light not red when, uh-
The light was green when I used it, and I would imagine that it won't work again until
the light is green once again.
Do you know how to get the light to turn green?
No.
You said something that stuck in my craw, and I can't remember what it was, but it was
about the tar.
Joe, what's in your craw, Joe?
Spit it out.
In real life, I swear there was something about the ooze being near the radio.
Well, cause no ooze radio.
There was ooze coming out of the camera.
Remember the last time we took a picture?
It came out of the picture.
It came out of the picture?
Yeah, as I was holding it, it came out of the picture onto my hands.
Or I was holding it from the camera.
So-
It was dripping from both.
Yeah.
I don't know what to do.
Yeah, I think you're right.
Maybe just leave it on and see what happens when we get back some time later.
I don't know.
I don't know if we should leave it on.
Maybe we should, cause what, I mean, actually the potential consequences of that are-
Yeah, but I mean, they're kind of just on all the time though, right?
Radios?
I mean, this isn't just a radio though.
Right, but it seems like these devices have to be activated once the green light is on.
So we should turn the radio off.
We have to take the picture to get it to go.
Yeah, that's true.
I think we lock them all up in that cell.
I'm sorry.
This is Thomas speaking.
This is John speaking.
I think we should all lock them up in that cell and let them spend some quality time
with each other.
And Dr. Jakes seems to fucking hate that guy and I'm not a big fan of hers right now cause
she's not a whole lot of help.
Maybe we'll come back and they're like screaming and she's like, meow, meow.
We should probably keep them in the interrogation room because the cat could probably get out
of it.
No, I think the cat can just have free.
I like that cat.
That's true.
I want the cat.
I want Doug.
Doug.
His name is Doug.
His name is Doug.
I want Doug to not be stuck with her.
I think she might kill him.
I think you're right.
That's true.
I think we should, yeah.
Okay, so let's lock the cat man back up and then put the radio back in the-
Let's put the cat man in a different cell so she can't be by it.
Give him a little time apart to think about things.
I like that.
You can't, you can't fuck your cat man while we're gone, Dr. Jacobs.
Yeah.
Okay, so where is everything?
You're letting Doug come with you guys.
I think Doug was just going to have free rein at the station, right?
Yeah.
Gotcha.
Doug can have free rein at the station.
He could be our sidekick.
Doug, do you want to be our sidekick?
Meow, meow.
Yeah.
So Doug, you can run around the station until we get back.
Oh, hey Doug, do you know anything about what's going on at the mill?
Anything about the ooze?
What happened to the chief?
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
What's going on with the ooze?
Meow.
Oh yeah.
And then the cat jumps up on the table, it like bows a little bit and then it moves its
head up and then it falls on its back and it like widens its eyes really big and starts
moving its paws around and then it flips back over on top of itself and then it looks right
behind it and it like freaks out and jumps up in the air and then it starts running,
right?
And then it runs over to the sink in the kitchen that you guys have in the station and it like
paws at the water.
The ooze is afraid of water?
Meow.
Boom.
That's why the animals are in the creek.
The ooze is killed by water.
Meow, meow.
Meow, meow.
We don't know, but the ooze does not lack the water.
Meow.
So we're making a run to Walmart and getting a bunch of super soakers.
Water balloons.
Oh my God.
Those kiddie pool.
Those guys are such assholes, but maybe we have to call the contention fire department.
Those pricks, every time they win softball, they're just dicks.
We should issue like an announcement to the city to stay in your bathtub or a pool or
you'll disappear.
Or your life is forfeit.
They might help with these angry mobs.
No, we can't, we don't have anything we can...
Sorry.
You're just like crunching chips and like moving the bag around.
It's impossible.
Keith, I don't know how you can eat those chips at a time like this.
This feels like we're moving towards a final game plan.
Really?
They're about to go bad.
The fact that like...
Keith would be eating chips.
That's exactly what I was just thinking.
Of course you guys are talking like, oh, it's a cat.
Is it afraid of water?
And you look back and Keith's just like, ah, no, no, no, that's faffenating.
He's trying to fit into those pants.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, so what do we do with this information?
Doug is the ooze.
Do you know if the ooze has an intelligence?
My mom, my mom, my mom.
Should we go to the mill?
Or James's.
Oh yeah.
That's where a bunch of shit went down at the last time we were together.
Wait, what about John Peter's secret room or was it James's secret room?
It was James's.
Oh, it was James's, yeah.
It was James's house, found weird writing in blood and guns all around.
Let's go there.
I didn't write down secret room in particular.
I think it was just that the guy went in there and saw it all.
It was James.
He worked at the mill.
He was last seen going into Maggie Cook's house.
Which one was he?
The one who ate his own foot or the chief's foot or the one who...
He was first seen with a vacuum in his front yard.
Yeah.
Oh, he's the galoshes guy.
Yep.
Already.
And then he was the one with the bullet in his head sitting at the dinner table.
Yeah.
Okay.
It was James's.
Doug, can you hold down the fort?
Meow.
Okay.
We could leave him a little tray of water and...
By the way, this whole time Drew is just like staring at this cat with his big ass gums
hanging out.
Oh, oh, oh.
That's stupid for me.
So rude.
Hey, Drew, this is Doug.
Doug, Drew.
Meow.
And Drew's just like, hi.
His voice gets normal for a second.
Drew, I know you've been through a lot today and so have we.
So just look after this cat and make sure nothing happens to it, would you?
Just trust us on this.
I mean, have we steered you wrong yet?
I will.
Thank you for trusting me, Clark.
You got it, bud.
I pat him on the back.
Hey, Drew, what's our secret word?
Bubble gum tree.
Bubble gum tree.
Yeah, bubble gum tree.
You could have just told that to the clones.
Oh, next time.
I'll get it next time.
And he pulls out his phone and your phone starts ringing.
My phone starts ringing?
And he's like, oh, okay, good.
It's you.
I answer him, bubble gum tree.
You're so funny, John.
Drew.
Okay, let's go to James's.
On your way to James the millworker's house, it's in the suburbs.
And on your way there, looking up into the sky on this chilly moonlit night, you see
a crop duster flying with sparkly lights all over the wings and tail.
And behind it is a massive banner that reads in bright lights, contention PD equals imbeciles.
I have never seen a protest get this fancy.
I've never seen contention united in such a way.
I know.
It would be heartwarming if it wasn't a united hate of us.
Fuck them.
That's impressive.
That's impressive, though.
I got to give it up to whoever ordered that plane.
Can I call Mr. Klinker?
Is it Harry?
Can I call Harry real quick?
The phone rings until you think that it's going to go to voicemail, and then it clicks
and you hear.
Clark.
Hey.
Hey, Harry.
It's Clark.
How you doing?
I'm well.
You, uh, you seen all that rabble outside?
People seem pretty mad at us.
You know about that?
Yeah.
I was hoping you might be able to put out the good word amongst the patrons there that
maybe we're onto something here and have some patience for us.
Hey, Officer Bishop.
You know, uh, Klinker's is always a safe place for you and your kind.
I dig it.
I was just...
I met you and, uh, the other officers.
Not bishops.
Oh.
I hate the church.
I knew what you meant, Harry.
I thank you for that.
I just, I just was hoping that maybe if anybody came in there and they were grumbling about
all the stupid pigs and blah, blah, blah, you might tell them that we're just some good
old friends of yours and that you trust us and that maybe...
Gary and I have been trying to put out the word that you boys are just trying your hardest
and, uh...
I appreciate that.
I've got an idea about another phone call we could make because I'm, I'm, this is, this
seems to have been...
Oh, are we still on the call?
Sorry, John was talking.
Sorry.
Uh, hey Harry.
Hey.
Tell Harry, hey.
Hey, John.
I mean, Clark.
Tell Harry I say hi.
How long have we been playing this game?
Uh...
Three days.
Harry, I'm glad to hear that.
I just, uh, just wanted to touch base with you and make sure that you knew we were doing
what we can to help out the town.
I appreciate that, Clark.
All right, good talking.
Bye.
I think maybe we should make one of those calls to the pastor too.
That's not me though, because I don't think he likes me that much.
That's exactly what I was about to say, you ideal steamed son of a bitch.
Well, he said it earlier.
He did.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, well.
Okay, edit that part out.
Edit that part out, edit out the part when he said it earlier.
Yeah.
Hey guys, I think we should call the pastor.
Just edit everything out until we're at the...
Good idea, John.
Yeah, that podcast was fine until that weird episode just started with him yelling.
Yeah, Thomas was just yelling at everybody.
Yeah, call the pastor.
Oh, is it staying?
Call the pastor.
Okay, anyway.
Who's calling the pastor?
I'll call the...
Yeah, Keith shouldn't call the pastor.
No.
I'll call the pastor.
Bring, bring.
Bring, bring.
When you call his office and when you call his home, both calls go to voicemail.
Uh, hey, pastor.
Uh, this is John Lee Pettymore III from Contention PD.
Uh, just wanted to talk to you when you have a moment.
Please give us a call back regarding these angry mobs.
Thank you.
Bye.
Have a blessed day.
That was good.
Anyway, I do think that the pastor organized all this trouble against us because he seems
like he can get this town going.
He's got the resources and Keith did so horribly insult him and steal his helmet.
Let's go to James' house.
Alright, let's take a break real quick.
No, my penis is bigger than an eighth of an inch.
I'm pretty sure.
I don't think it would even be...
Prove it.
Yeah, prove it.
He thought so hard about showing us his dick for a bit.
Just ask around.
I feel like there was a 40% chance we almost saw Luke's dick there.
If I had a couple more schlitzes in me.
Or a couple more inches.
Okay, so you guys are...
Actually, the only reason I have back problems is...
Because of my massive tongue.
Dude, you know how I make my penis eight inches long?
I fold it in half.
Gross.
That would mean I have a flaccid 16 inch penis.
Horribly way too long.
I'm not going to try right now, but I don't think even totally soft I could fold my penis
in half.
Oh, well then my penis is bigger than yours.
No, I just mean I don't think it would fold back on itself that much.
I don't think it's pliable enough to...
I think mine would.
Yeah, I can do that.
I can definitely do that.
Can you guys go wash your hands?
I can do it.
I can do it.
I folded my penis in half.
Okay.
I took a shower right before I came over here.
It was actually really easy.
I guess a soft dick is very soft.
Zach, I didn't fold my penis in half.
Thank you.
Do it.
I like to tie mine in a ribbon.
So, your characters are having this conversation after...
It's a good thing Clark didn't because he would have taken his hands off the wheel.
Hey, I'm driving it, aren't I?
It's my fucking cruiser.
Well, we're in your cruiser.
I don't know if you're driving.
I think he's driving.
Yeah, I think I said that I was.
I was sick of you.
Are you driving?
Okay.
Okay.
And you guys are having this conversation.
Clark just wrapped up a phone call and then John called the pastor twice and left a message.
Guys, I don't think we can calm down this mob.
We can only incite this mob.
Yeah, well then what do we do?
The best thing we can do is solve this case.
I hadn't even thought about doing that.
If we get this case cracked, get these people found, or at least some answers for the good
folks at contention, I think that'll get them out of the streets.
I agree.
We can only push forward at this point.
Also, we need to get Florence on the phones calling everybody who called about a lost
pet and telling them to get their ass down to the creek.
And also, fuck, we need to...
You know what?
Okay.
Hold up.
We talked a little bit earlier about telling everybody to get into a bathtub full of water.
Oh shit, we need the feds.
Yeah, we need to get like a...
Because they don't trust our authority right now.
But if the feds came to contention or at least issued some kind of order...
If we could do like an emergency broadcast system...
And it would.
I mean, people do need to be in their bathtubs or in the creek.
They could get in the creek with the animals and have a little animal party.
Oh shit, it's December though.
It's starting to turn to...
You think it's going to get pretty cold in these next couple days.
How about this?
Let's see if we have some funds put back to buy big kiddie pools for contention.
Keith, let me stop you right there.
We don't have any funds allocated for that.
That is not in the budget.
I know how we can get some funds.
What you thinking?
We do have a massive stash of...
Guns.
And white gold, if you know what I'm talking about.
Keith!
We're police.
With no money.
I can't believe you would suggest such a thing.
I'm shutting down conversation on this right now, Keith.
I'm not comfortable with this.
More people will die in contention than will die from cocaine overdose.
So we need to not be worrying about selling cocaine tonight and we need to be solving this case.
If you say so.
I do say so.
Speaking of which, I pull a little baggie out of my pocket and...
Well, okay, pass that over here.
Roll a D6.
Oh my god, guys, I haven't had a joint in like three days.
Three hours.
Alright, you're good for three more hours.
You won't have the negative 20 anymore.
Do I get a bonus if I take a bump?
Or what's if John Lee Pettymore is gonna take a bump?
But I don't know.
Yeah, you get an actual bonus.
Keith, because he's only at one willpower, his cocaine habit just negates.
My minus 20.
So yeah, I toss the baggie over to you.
Maybe I should get a malice to charm though or something.
That guy never shuts up.
He's just talking and talking and talking.
Is he on cocaine?
Four.
Alright, get four willpower back.
Oh, that actually really...
I forgot how down on willpower it was.
That helps a lot.
I went from six to eight.
Oh, wait.
I don't know.
I went from six to ten.
I'm back up to one, correct?
That is correct.
Math.
Oh, I did not...
Oh, and then I regain to two hit points, right?
Yeah, you should be at 20 health.
But I got one willpower.
Cool.
Clark.
I'm stink eyeing the hell out of him from the backseat.
Thank you.
I don't say anything though.
Okay.
Because me and Keith already had our peace on that.
So you guys are doing cocaine and Clark is stink eyeing you.
Not speaking a word.
As you guys pull up...
I'm probably even doing some real passive aggressive...
Bishop.
Rolling eyes real hard.
Hey, Bishop.
Look at me, man.
Tonight...
Reluctantly kind of shifting on it.
Tonight could be the last night of any of our lives.
And there is an evil loose in contention.
I mean, it's not the time for procedure, buddy.
You know what?
And this might be your argument and I can predict it and I'm on cocaine, but maybe now
is exactly the time for procedure.
The cocaine is going to John Lee Pennymore's head.
Role playing's hard.
I roll down my window.
Just listen to J.J.
Kale, buddy.
And that plays as we pull up to James' house.
Clark, just kick back and enjoy the ride, buddy, because life's not a guarantee.
I look back at Clark, give him a kind of an I'm sorry look and then a wink and then sirens
on speeding as fast as I can.
Down the street that the house is on, where are you parking?
In the yard.
Describe it.
I go into the driveway at an angle and just keep going all the way up to where the passenger
door of the police cruiser is like you need to take a step and a half to get into the
front door.
I roll out of my door as the car is still moving a little bit and I preemptively fire
two shots in the air to disperse any potential crowds.
Okay, sounds good.
People who actually do cocaine are like, you guys.
The car pulls up to a very rough stop right in front of the front door.
Everyone rolls out, fires two shots in the air.
Oh, whoa, John, what the fuck?
We're rolling, baby.
Let's fucking survey the neighborhood.
Like any reaction?
Cocaine.
As you look about the neighborhood, go ahead and roll search for me.
Uh, fail, 98 on a 20.
Uh, yeah, no, neighborhood is quiet.
Dude, Keith and I get dope alertness bonuses.
I probably just am normal.
Keith gets a negative 20 to all roles.
Gotcha.
He gets to stand, he gets to stand up and talk and move around and stuff.
I'm not at negative 20 still am I?
Oh, that's correct.
You're no longer.
Because I did drugs.
I am so sorry.
But you're definitely not at a bonus.
And the front door opens and you see an old man, a slightly bent over wearing a fancy
blue three piece suit.
Whoa man.
I got to point my gun right at him.
What are you doing in this guy's house?
Answer right now.
How do you know James?
I shouldn't have told you his name, that gave you a valuable clue if you were trying to
lie to us.
I'm the...
And he's having a hard time saying it because you got a gun pointed at him and he's a terrified
old man.
I don't see any threat so I raise the gun.
As soon as you raise it, he spits out, I'm the estate salesman.
Oh, hey buddy.
Hey guys, he called us.
Yeah, I remember.
Oh.
We were just goofing with you.
Yeah, just new boot goofing.
Oh, that was a very terrible joke.
And you walk up to him, he is...
We're cops, not comedians.
He's holding a cane that has a big tooth on the top where he's holding it.
Like a fake tooth or a...
A big fake tooth, like a giant that fits his entire fist.
Right, like a just molar.
Yeah, it's huge and it's on top of his cane and he...
Hey buddy, what's up with your tooth cane?
Oh, well, my name is Randy Angst.
And he hands you a card.
I don't see how that...
Yeah, I don't...
Randy Angst, dentist, estate salesman, founder of the Contention Historical Society, lover.
That last one's important.
Are you hitting on us?
I bet you get a lot of play.
Then it's got his phone number and his email.
This is his email.
Hey guys, I think the founder of the Contention Historical Society might be able to give us
some clues.
Do we still have those pictures?
Or do we have...
Pictures of what?
I'm talking to Zach.
This is Thomas.
I'm not Zach.
I'm Randy.
I'm sorry, Randy.
I'm on a lot of cocaine.
Who's Thomas?
69.
God.
He actually rolled 69.
Is it conceivable that we have copies of those pictures on our phones?
I think you would absolutely have pictures of the pictures.
Okay.
Mr. Angst.
Dr. Angst?
DDS?
It doesn't say DDS.
It just says dentist.
Nope.
You can just call me Randy.
Okay, Randy.
These aren't real doctors.
Wow.
A self hating...
An anti-dentite.
An anti-dentite.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Why else was surprised that the John Lee Pettymore has seen Seinfeld?
You thought I came up with that?
I thought you did.
Oh, gosh.
It's just a reference.
I was like, shit dude, Thomas is way funnier than I thought he was.
Yeah, I would have been.
Randy, I've got a picture here of a strange building and some people in old time of clothes.
I'm not going to say it's essential to...
Do you want to come in?
No.
I want to show you this picture right here.
There's some very spooky stuff happening inside.
I think you might want to come in.
I don't know if these pictures are spooky, but I can guarantee you, there's some spooky
doings in this hoose.
Hoose.
A very old school Anglo Saxon.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Randy.
Randy, there's spooky stuff inside that house, outside that house.
This whole town is beset with it.
But do you recognize the building these people are standing in front of?
And I show them the picture of the people in front of the jet black building.
Okay, so basically that building, it's literally just a wall.
It's just a black wall.
You can't actually see the building at large.
Do you recognize any of the people in this picture?
Are they contention founders, forefathers?
Well, I do see that the clothing is anachronistically correct with the time period of the founding
of contention in many of these cases.
As he points to some of the people.
Anachronistically.
It means it came from a tree.
It means the time period was from a tree.
It means it was wrong.
It's like a family tree.
Do you mean that people in this photo have clothing anachronistic to one another or to
the time period of contention's founding?
Both.
Okay.
Can you show us an example in this picture?
Who's wearing clothes that they shouldn't be?
These three are wearing clothes from a different time period as the rest of them.
You can tell by the stitching.
How different?
Oh, a hundred years or so probably.
This must be a reenactment of some sort.
Mr. Anx, that's very helpful.
Thank you.
I'm a helpful guy.
Just ask my lady friends.
Mr. Anx.
And my man friends.
All right.
We'll save it for NPR.
Do you remember an old orphanage in town called Cole's Orphanage?
Can we go inside, please?
It's very cold out.
You are quite old.
Let's go inside.
Thank you.
I brush past.
What is this guy's name?
Randy?
Randy Anx.
Not waiting for him to get out of the way, I just kind of blow by him.
Okay.
I mean, he did just invite you in, so.
Yeah.
You're doing what he asked you to do.
As he goes in, he kind of pats you, Clark, on the shoulder and he says, now as we're
headed inside into the warmth of this nice home in this weird place, you asked about
a orphanage.
Yeah.
It was called Cole's Orphanage.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I remember.
And he always remembers.
Do you remember?
Can you?
Keith.
Come on, buddy.
That song's a little after my time.
You can see he's quite old.
He doesn't know September.
Can you tell me a little bit about it?
We talked to some folks in town who had no recollection of it.
Yes.
It was not around for very long.
It is a little piece of trivia I keep in the back just in case someone needs to know it
at trivia.
What about it?
What is trivial?
Well, everything.
It opened.
It closed.
How quickly?
Very quickly.
I would say less than a year.
What year?
Oh, it was 25 years ago probably.
Somewhere about then.
25 minus the current year equals the early 90s and age.
Do you remember who opened up that place?
Um.
Cole.
Well, no.
She would have been...
He would have...
Either one of them would have been long dead by that point.
The Coles?
Yes.
They were dead by the time their namesake orphanage opened up?
Oh, absolutely.
Who named it for them?
There are many things in our town named after our founder and his wife, Silas Cole and Mary
Cole.
I get that.
I just wondered if you know who opened it.
Oh, no.
I don't remember.
Wasn't this town founded by beans?
Well, that's a point of contention.
Contention.
Hell yeah.
Did Silas Cole and what was his name?
Was it...
Cornelius?
Cornelius Beans.
Oh, what a mind you have on you, young sir.
I read a book or two.
I believe you read the right ones.
Do you remember where in contention Cole's orphanage was?
Well, the town has changed quite a bit since then.
I don't remember where it was now.
We could probably find more back at my research facility.
A resource facility?
Yes.
It's where all of my research is hosed.
Sorry.
It's where all of my research is re- fuck.
It's where all of my research is hosed.
Try it one more time.
Yes, of course.
It's where all of my research is hosed.
That makes sense to me.
So come on in and you guys walk into this incredibly nice and clean house.
And as you walk in there's a nice foyer in front of you.
And then to the right there's this huge living room.
And in the living room, well here in the foyer there is a statue of a man wearing a tuxedo.
And also there is a suit of armor.
And the helmet has been replaced with a white hard hat.
In the living room there is an empty grand piano.
And there's also a large oil painting of a red rose.
And he brings you over to the statue of the man wearing a tuxedo.
And he says, check this sweet shit out.
And he grabs the statue's bow tie and flips it.
And the coffee table in the living room flips over showing an enormous stash of weapons,
body armor, and a long plastic tube the size of a baseball bat.
And written in blood where one of the guns should be, it says, stop her.
I was pointing out the large plastic tube the shape of a baseball bat.
The size behind you.
There is an Ozzie Smith signed baseball bat in the room that we're in.
It's in a tube that size.
We are also in a completely St. Louis Cardinals themed room.
Fuck yeah dude.
There's an old drawing of, is that Old Bush Stadium?
No.
No that's New Bush.
That's New Bush Stadium.
It's a seat from Old Bush behind me.
There is.
Cornelius?
The third one.
Not Cornelius, fuck.
My name is Cornelius or is it?
Ooh.
Uh, guys.
Wait, is your name not Randy?
No, it's Randy.
Randy, uh, is your middle name Cornelius?
No.
Is this statue of somebody significant to the town?
No, I don't know who this is.
Can we huddle around real quick outside of Randy?
I mean, he actually, Randy can hear this, but I think we need to document this all.
Take some pictures real quick with our phones and then suit the fuck up with this shit.
Yeah, I'm gonna put body armor, like weapons.
Let's get loaded guys.
Yeah, uh, Randy, we're gonna take this for, um, you know, purposes.
Vital operations.
I don't think he cares.
Police purposes.
Hey, the estate will be compensated.
Honestly, hey, you know what Randy, I don't think this is in his will so that's why you
called us, right?
Oh, his will was very non-existent.
Okay.
Let's get into the game real quick.
He did call us because he wanted to know if he could sell it all.
The answer is a fucking no?
Oh yeah.
Hey man, I'm sorry.
This is all part of an ongoing investigation.
We're actually going to load some of this up in our cruiser right now so we can take
it to evidence as quickly as possible.
Oh no.
He can sell the cool statue, buddy.
Oh good.
Hey Randy, do you like cocaine?
Does the Pope shit in the woods?
I think so.
Yeah.
Hey Keith, give him, give him some of that.
Yay.
Just share your cocaine.
Just kidding.
We are police officers of the law.
Keith, this is the end of the fucking world.
Give him some cocaine.
Wait.
You know what I mean?
It's the what?
Nothing.
I feel fine.
You're going to feel a lot more fine if Keith would learn to share.
Five o'clock TV hour.
You know what?
It's probably past my years to do an upper like cocaine.
It might stop my heart.
It says lover on this card.
Yes.
That says to me that you do cocaine.
Do you know if cocaine reacts poorly with Cialis?
Oh you want Cialis right now?
I'll never not.
Don't you see his raging erection under his very loose pants?
It says lover right there on the card.
There is a full blown sideways tint going on on Randy Yanks and he immediately turns
and- Randy's got nothing to be ashamed of.
He turns and shows you.
Is sideways tint a tint that Merlot's not allowed in?
Nice dude.
That scene in fucking sideways tanked the Merlot industry for like a number of years.
Because they didn't explain that- It's actually because it's all his ex-wife
drank.
I'm fine with all varieties of red wine.
Hey did you know that Randy?
Randy did you know that?
Merlot's my third favorite.
Now we are realistically role playing cocaine.
Anyway I'm- I think we should also take that oil thing.
So you're saying I can't sell these guns?
No.
They're ours now.
Is this the only thing you wanted us to see in this house?
You said it was spooky.
He walks over and grabs the- or he like reaches for the oil painting and he's like can I sell
this?
If you move that painting is it gonna unveil another room?
Another what?
A secret place?
Or anything?
Yeah what happens when you move that painting?
Why would you ask us that?
Why would you want me to move- wait what is happening?
Can I sell it?
Why would you ask us if you can sell it?
Because I'm wanting to know if all of these things are from an active crime scene or if
I can sell the other stuff that isn't the guns, Keith.
Oh you just got the angst.
I grab one of the guns and I like am pointing at him and I'm like I don't see why you wouldn't
be able to sell that painting.
That's- what a weird vibe you're putting off there.
You guys begin to smell the faint smell of shit.
Give him some cocaine now man you made him shit his pants.
Come on.
I'm gonna excuse myself.
Hey do you want to shoot some of these guns before we leave?
Yeah do you want to do that?
Yes but I do need to clean up a bit first.
That's understandable.
And he walks off to the bathroom.
Wait wait Randy wait real fast before you leave.
He pokes his head back around the corner.
John did ask you like is there anything else here that you wanted us to see?
What do you mean I'm just gonna point at a bunch of stuff and ask you if I can sell it
as soon as I get out of the bathroom.
Is anything else fucking weird?
Does anything else lead to a gun door or something of that ilk?
That is the only trapsie that I found.
You call them trapsies?
What do you call them?
I've never thought of the word I would call them.
Go change your fucking britches.
That's just making me mad.
Yeah it does smell like shit in here Randy so if you could come back we can do some cocaine.
It's not my fault.
And he walks away.
You guys shitting himself just making me mad.
This whole house smells like shit.
What kind of guns are we dealing with here?
Well there's that.
Let's do that first.
Long ones.
Short ones.
Fat ones.
Tall ones.
Red ones.
Brown ones.
Sad ones.
Clown ones.
I got sniper rifle.
Assault rifle.
Six pistols and four body armors.
Yeah there's a bunch.
Yeah there's that.
Which should we let him shoot as a consolation prize for making him shoot his pants?
Let's let him pick.
Yeah.
While they're going through the guns I want to walk over to that painting and run my hand
around the edge of it and look for any kind of clicking mechanism.
Oh yeah let's move everything that's as conspicuous as a tuxedo statue or a rose oil painting
in this house.
Like Clark you walk over to the oil painting of the rose and as you put your fingers behind
it you actually feel space right behind the painting.
I pull that bad bitch down off the wall.
Behind the oil painting is a small hideaway big enough for one or two people.
Inside there are multiple kinds of spray bottles as well as different types of gloves
and materials.
There's also a list and on this list is materials and those materials are inside.
I got a room in here.
It's got a whole bunch of stuff.
It's got some tap water, some distilled water, some boiling water, some Windex, some CLR,
some soap, some bleach, some vinegar, some Drano, the works, coca-cola, and oil.
It's also got a whole bunch of like cotton and latex and vinyl and plastic and aluminum
and neoprene and lead and salt and candy and meat and ammonium nitrate.
I don't know about making bombs but...
Is there a chance that neoprene isn't in here?
For some reason on this list neoprene is the only thing that isn't crossed off.
This is the year of the terrible neoprene shortage.
What is neoprene?
I don't actually know that.
Neoprene is just a synthesized rubber.
Let me make sure that's correct.
Neoprene, also polychloroprene or PC rubber.
It's a family of synthetic rubbers that are produced by polymerization of chloroprene.
Cool.
The more you know.
Everything is labeled and there is a pair of neoprene gloves.
So everything's crossed off except neoprene?
Is there...
I can't discern why that would be.
If we do a Google search for like a number of these ingredients in concert, does a recipe
or anything pop up?
Nope.
Do you fellas know what CLR is?
Should I know what CLR is?
It's Calcium Lime and Rust Remover.
It gets rid of that stuff?
It gets rid of that stuff.
Also the works cleans the toilet.
Hey, CLR is a great product.
All listeners of pretending to be people, if you can go down to your local Walgreens,
get some CLR, it'll clean your calcium, your lime, your rust.
It's going to clean that bathtub up real good.
Your sink, I think you can use it on metal too, right?
That's the rust part.
Yeah, you got any white spots on your taps?
White spots, brown spots, yellow spots, red spots.
Put some CLR, mix it in with some water and just soak your shower head.
Your shower head's got some calcium on there, just soak it in there for a minute.
Pretending to be people.
You're going to have some good water flow here in about two or three minutes.
Oh, yeah.
You dip your shower head in some CLR.
That's a dream, man.
High power.
Surely it doesn't work on grease spots.
Oh, but that's where you would be wrong.
Can you roll to see if that all makes it in?
What am I rolling against?
No, because if it shows it, I don't know what CLR is.
It's a brain name.
Yeah, and it's not necessarily something you have to know.
Okay, also, Jon, when you Googled these ingredients, you would find out ammonium nitrate is a common
agricultural fertilizer and a deadly explosive agent.
Yeah.
It was used to blow up the World Trade Center the first time, I think, or was that the Oklahoma
City bombing?
Hey, Clark, why do you know so much about it?
I am Keith.
That's Keith.
I don't know anything about it.
I'm a cop.
I learned this in cop school.
It's the one thing you remember.
Making bombs was the only thing that interested you.
Which one was it?
Timothy McVeigh, Oklahoma City.
Yep, that piece of shit.
Do you guys know a brand name called The Works?
Yeah, it's used to clean your toilets.
Also if you put The Works and balls of aluminum foil in a water bottle and shake it up, you
can make a Works bomb.
It's not really a bomb as much as it is.
It just explodes and makes a really loud sound.
It'll make the grass not grow in that spot for a couple years.
Because it's full of chemicals, but yeah, the chemicals in The Works that clean your
toilet, also break the aluminum foil down into gas and then it explodes the bottle.
If you put it in a two liter, it's even louder.
I know this from lots of experience in Ozark, Missouri, where you do it and then you're
like, oh, we got to get out of here.
And then people call the cops and you're like, you've wasted resources.
My dad showed us how to do that in our backyard.
It's very fun.
If I wasn't a little drunk right now, I would suggest making one.
Hey, listeners at home, get a two liter bottle.
By this point in the podcast, we're all three beers deep.
Okay, so as you guys are talking about what kind of bombs you can make with these materials.
Honestly, yeah, I think it's in character.
John Lee Pettymore would know right away that you can make bombs.
He and Keith might even be bonding over this for the first time.
And as you're bonding, Randy Angst comes caning back into the room holding his underwear aloft.
Hey, Randy, could you not find a trash can, buddy?
I can pull my sidearm at name and I'm like, why would you bring that in here?
Go throw it away.
Oh, no.
And he looks really sad.
God damn it.
He looks so sad and then he says, it's not my fault and walks back out of view.
Well, that's fine.
Hey, Randy, I shout down the hallway, bad news, buddy, you can't take this oil painting
either.
Damn it.
What's the coolest gun here?
Oh, they're all pretty equal except for the sniper rifle, which should go to Clark because
he has the highest firearms.
No, but I mean, just like to make up for him, you know, doing what he did.
Oh, well, the sniper rifle.
Yeah.
I take the sniper rifle, I kick the door to the bathroom open and I hand it over to Randy
and say, here, let's go shoot this.
Randy is Winnie the Pooh-ing in the bathroom, AKA he's just wearing a shirt and his vest
and his jacket and he's wearing no underwear and no pants, but his socks are showing and
he just yells at you, what are you doing?
No, I, I spent some time in the hospital recently in a gown.
Don't be, don't be embarrassed.
I've, you know, he starts peeing all over the floor and he's like, oh, actually thank
you.
I can use it to shoot this pee for solid piss I've had in months.
Oh, hey, pee is not supposed to be solid.
Okay, well, uh, as soon as you get yourself cleaned up, come shoot this sniper rifle so
we can leave.
You just throw it at his feet and you're like, clean yourself up.
Okay, sounds good.
And Clark is still looking through this room.
Uh, I want to see if there's anything that isn't immediately evident.
Search rolls.
Yeah.
You can roll search.
10.
Nice.
59 on a die don't pass.
Ooh, I crit failed.
Okay, nice.
99.
Okay, so here I am about to open a trap door, stumble into me and break off the handle forever.
You stumble into him and break his nose.
Okay, so Keith, you come walking back into the living room, Clark and John began searching
over the house.
John, you were in the kitchen and you actually see there's a faulty square of tiles in the
kitchen floor.
What kind of tile?
They're like eight inch by eight inch and four of them are loose.
I go lift up one of the loose tiles.
Okay, so as you peel away these tiles, you would see that there is an empty cubicle space
right beneath you that seems to be about a foot by a foot and it looks like something
heavy was dragged on the tile from this spot toward the front door.
Okay, I snap a picture of that and tell everybody about what I just found.
Okay, so you're hollering about that as Clark is standing in the foyer and he's looking
at the suit of armor, which has this white hard hat on it.
I tap on it, knock on it.
That's exactly correct.
As soon as you knock on it, I need you to roll dexterity.
Oh, holy shit.
Some dark soul shit hasn't happened.
I pass with a six on a 60.
The floor drops out from underneath you and you grab onto the edge of a trap door that
leads to a pit beneath you and as you're holding on, you look down into the pit and you see
two dead bodies.
The smell is overwhelming.
I need you to roll sanity in order to keep holding on.
I do not pass.
Okay, you're going to lose one sanity.
I am at 29.
And now it's just me and you, Jon.
Yeah, sorry listeners that the most capable part of this team is about to die in a pit,
but blame Zach.
You fall down, however, you kind of brace yourself against the walls on either side
of you as you go down and you just barely come down a little awkward.
You lose one hit point, but you're now 12 feet down in a pit with two dead bodies.
One is male, one is female, but they're basically indistinguishable outside of that.
Do they have clothes on?
Yes.
I'm going to holler up, boys, I'm falling.
Well I hear all of this like happening.
I don't see it, but I run over and I see the hole in the ground and look down and I see
him.
Hey, uh, there's, there's bodies down here.
I'm going to, I'm going to go through the pockets.
Can you guys start looking at it?
Get me out of here.
Yeah, dude, I can help you out.
I got an idea.
This shit smells worse than Randy.
Yeah, that's, that actually, that actually factors into my idea.
Um, I get Randy's shit pants and hold onto one leg and lower the other one down that
hole.
Okay, so Clark is stuck in the bottom of a viscerally foul smelling 12 foot deep pit
next to two corpses looking up at Keith and John, who is lowering down one pant leg of
Randy Ang's shit spoiled slacks.
Just then a brutally loud noise erupts from outside in the front yard and items in the
house begin shattering.
You are being fired on by some large artillery weapon.
Your ears are shot and your vision clouds as dust billows about the room.
The drywall is ripped to shreds, letting cold air and moonlight into the house.
How am I the only one trying to fool?
