Hello my students, it's your professor Wolf the Dog and I'm here to teach you all about
what's synthesizing here on 694.2 PTBP, Contentions only form of education.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf comes from AtKCruise36 on Twitter who tagged at PretendingPod, an
A plus thing to do my students.
The people of contention are fed up with our incompetent gun-crazy police force.
We the committee to unite the nearby townsfolk refuse to let good, hard-working folks be
terrorized by the likes of a petty more firing wildly into the sky.
The good lord knows we've suffered enough and the overflow in the offering plate shows
this to be true.
Head on down to the first church of contention to salve your soul and enjoy some casserole
prepared by our lady's auxiliary.
Coffee is always hot and so, so black y'all.
Speaking of the first church of contention, go ahead and send thoughts and prayers to
Pastor Adam Cain.
We all know he's going through hell today.
However, Professor Wolf is here to talk facts with y'all.
It's time for the news my babies.
Earlier this evening, the officers cleaned themselves up after fighting a large robot
man with feelings, perhaps.
Is it a robot if it has feelings?
What are the rules here, I don't know.
Keith Wigner found a single piece of music called The Rise of the End in the bench of
the stringless piano.
If that's true and I'm sober, that's high strangeness.
Clark Bishop found, in the flipped over coffee table, blueprints for calm, comfy campground.
A suspiciously planned out set of seven buildings, six encircling a large one in the center that
sits on Lake Combe.
A similar design was found drawn on a piece of paper in the pocket of one of those two
corpses they found in the pit under the trap door that Bishop fell into.
Then in James the Millworker's house, the officers remembered that he died in Chief
Maggie Cook's house with a bullet in his head, face down and a plate of foot meat.
They also remember the contents of the present that she received from an unknown source the
night she took off.
A red rose, a white hot hat, and a black silk bow tie.
All of which were present in this home in a painting on a suit of armor and worn by
statue respectively.
After undressing the bottom half of the still standing robot man, the gang finds a logo
on the smooth pelvic area.
It is an M made out of four double helices.
They voted and decided to store the legs in Keith's cruiser's trunk.
Is it just me or is life getting stranger and stranger around here?
An educator of the masses, Wolf, had another scary dream.
Today on December 4th, during a nap, I was eating a glass of water and began bleeding
all over the floor.
I looked down and my dog Wolf was lapping up the blood.
So then he looks up at me and he has a fish in his mouth and it's flopping around.
The blood from my mouth pours all over my wolf and then my dog's face is the face of
that fish and in the fish's mouth is my face.
Now class, find a partner for this next assignment or work in a group or fly solo.
It's your life and it also cuts you with no back bone.
Alright, maybe, maybe we should just get a good night's sleep and check out the mill
in the morning.
Because nobody's going to be at the mill right now.
Yeah, it'd be a good time for snooping but not a great time for investing.
I think it's a better time for snoozing than snooping.
That's the second smartest thing you've ever said.
I could get a few winks in, that's for sure.
Okay, hey John, do you want to just crash at my place because I think, I mean it's closer
than going all the way out to your house.
Keith, man, you know that's nice but hotel rooms just depress me and I'm really looking
forward to getting back to my home, just how I like it, you know.
Maybe we should all stay, maybe we should all stay at Clark's house so that we're together
just in case something dangerous happens.
I got plenty of beds.
Yeah, he does, he has plenty of beds.
I know we're just not a giant robot but are you a little, maybe you should go sleep with
Clark buddy, that's fine, there's no shame in a grown man being afraid after a robot
encounter.
No, I'm not afraid, I'm just thinking that we should probably all stick together at this
point.
You know, some weird shit's going on.
No man, I like-
What if the ooze, what if the, what's the closest waterway to you, you know?
Well there's actually, there's a beautiful little creek that runs right through my property.
Okay, well-
You guys can come, do you want to come stay out there, Keith?
No, not really.
Okay.
Oh actually, yeah, I forgot, I kind of have, well I'm going to call up this girl later
so.
Okay, well-
I'm pretty excited to show her my-
Also-
Zeke's a Hazard DVDs.
You guys have your-
And Smokey and the Bandit.
You guys have your cars at the police station?
Well-
I don't think we have cars in, I think-
Yeah, there's some cruisers but we need to get replacement cruisers.
The cruisers are still destroyed, right?
That is correct.
Yeah, I've got my-
You've got a truck out at your property-
Yeah, for sure.
That we talked about.
Oh wait, and then do you have a-
I don't think I do.
So you know, guys, I think it'd just be easiest for us to all stay at Clark's house tonight
since we only have one car.
You get pretty easily-
Yeah, I mean, the station's even easier to get to and we can just get new cars, buddy.
You have an impound lot so you can just take cars that have been impounded.
Okay, well, I guess I'll take you to the impound lot.
Hey Clark, man, can I talk to you for a second?
You know, I think Vigna's afraid of something and maybe just invite him over for a little
sleepover or something.
He doesn't seem like he wants to-
He seems spooked, you're right, you're right.
I'll put a word in his ear for sure, let him know he's welcome.
Yeah.
Oh, hey, so you sure you don't want to have a sleepover over at Clark's?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
Keith, you're more than welcome, though, to hang out for a little while, you know?
Well, I mean, I just, you know, I don't-
Buddy, this is cute, but I'm going back to my house.
You know what?
I'll take you up on that.
You got a spare bed?
Yeah, I got a spare bed, Keith.
Okay.
You like Salisbury Steak?
It will probably be safer for you tonight if you're with Clark.
Do you have Game Show Network?
As a matter of fact, I watch Wheel of Fortune every night.
Dude, I'm down to watch whatever's on Game Show Network, whether it be Match Game, Cash
Cab, Wheel of Fortune, whatever's going on.
I like that Cash Cab.
We're going to watch Wheel of Fortune, but I gotta warn you, I get a puzzle sometimes
a time.
Hey, well, let's see if I can't bestie on at least one round.
Ooh, good luck.
Okay, so I drive the three of us to the impound lot.
What kind of car do you get?
That is the question.
Yeah.
John Lee Pettymore is in the mood for the classics tonight, so I'm going to take a dope,
I don't know, cars, a cool 70s car.
How about like a Stingray Corvette, dude?
Do we have one of those?
Probably not impounded.
A 91.
There's a pretty sweet 91 Toyota Corolla.
Is it all modded?
No.
No.
Okay.
No.
When I said sweet, I was lying.
What about like a...
There's a cool lime green GEO over there.
No, I'm good.
I'll take the Corolla, I guess.
I'm going to take a 1990 Lincoln Town Car.
Nice.
Whoa.
I'm going to just stay in my cruiser.
My stepdad had one of those.
Really?
I think that year and everything.
He had one.
I remember feeling like it felt like a boat inside.
It was so wide.
It super is, yeah.
Okay.
And here are the keys for those.
And yeah, as soon as we get the cruisers back in working order, I'll make sure that you're
in them.
But for now, maybe let's not let the town know that you're cruising around in cars from
the impound lot, probably.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, definitely not a great idea.
I mean, don't like, you know...
Hey, Drew, I'll see you around, buddy.
And I drift out of the parking lot.
Okay.
Hey, Clark, I'll just follow you back home.
Follow me back over there?
Yeah, of course.
How old is it?
Nine.
Nine thirty, maybe now.
Sure.
Are there any late night food spots open?
Yeah.
I mean, you can always get a burger at Burgatory.
And Daily Fuzz is still open.
Well, I mean, you offered me Sal's Berry Steak.
That sounds...
I tell you what, I've been looking forward to my chicken nugget dinner.
So...
Okay.
Bring me a burger, bring it over.
That's fine.
Well, I mean, really what I'd like to do is have a bishop night.
Do you have an extra for me?
I got you.
I got a Sal's Berry Steak I've been holding back.
You can have that one.
Okay.
I'll just follow you home, then.
Who wants to go first?
You guys?
Whatever you want.
If you want to go first.
I think maybe...
Yeah, we'll have you guys here first.
I pull up into my driveway where you coming straight behind me?
Yeah, I was falling right behind you.
So I wait for him to get out of his car and I go up the steps, unlock my door and...
You got a driveway that's two cars wide, right?
I picture it one car wide.
Okay.
So I park behind you then.
Yep.
And I go up and unlock the door and I just kind of leave it open, but just walk straight
in and head toward the kitchen.
I get out of my cruiser.
I go to my trunk, I pop it open.
I see the legs of the robot in there and I forcefully pull up the false bottom and I
grab a bag of chips and a couple of Slim Jims and I drop it down, close my trunk and I walk
in and I walk in the open door, close it behind me and I look at Clark, I go, I brought a
couple of snacks.
I know we got a couple of meals going, but you know, I figured for maybe, maybe we could
watch a couple episodes and I put that on his coffee table and that'd be a good snack.
I go to my freezer and I pull out the chicken nuggets and I pull out the Salisbury steak
and Clark has always ever done one frozen dinner at a time.
So he's kind of baffled right now and he thinks about it for a while and then he puts both
of them into the microwave and just doubles the time.
I sit down, uh, Clark, could you describe, well, not Clark, but uh, could, could you
describe Clark's like a furniture situation?
Yeah, there's a couch that is along the window next to the door and there's a recliner right
across from the TV and everything is kind of dated.
So if I, if I sat on the couch, it would be in view of the television, view of the television,
but perpendicular to it.
So it's a little off kilter.
So, uh, I sit down on the side of the couch, closest, you just make yourself at home over
there Keith.
Mi casa, su casa, as the Spanish say.
I sit down on the side of the couch that's closest to like the, the, the, the best view
of the television cause I know that I'm in your house, you're cooking me food.
I did bring snacks over, but I don't, I don't feel like I should sit in your recliner.
So I sit down on that side of the couch, but I also do scoot the couch up a little
closer to TV.
I walk in and kind of pause.
Uh, did you move it?
Did you move the couch there?
Yeah, I just, you know, I figured if we're watching TV, I might as well, is that, I,
and I, I immediately, I move it back, scratching up the floor again as I move it back.
Clark winces.
I'm sorry, man.
So I get up and I, um, no, it's, it's, it's fine.
You're just Clark, just sit down.
Just sit down.
No, I got to keep an eye on these.
You know what?
I'm the guest here.
I'll, I'll keep an eye on the food.
You just sit down in your recliner, pop, pop the legs up, sit down.
Don't worry about it.
I, you know what?
I'm the guest.
I'm, I'm here to take care of you.
Clark uneasily sits down in the recliner.
I sit down on the, the, uh, the arm of the recliner and I'm like, you know, I'll just,
as soon as that microwave goes off, I'll, I'll get our stuff.
And I, I put my arm around Clark and I, I'm like, you know, turn on that game show network.
You know, this is a nice little bonding.
Clark leans forward real hard to get out of the arm and grabs the remote.
And I, I kinda, I pull my arm up and understanding how uncomfortable he is, I'm like, is this
good?
Now, how is the couch placed within the room?
Uh, I do want to emphasize that the house is immaculate.
Like I keep it pretty Spartan and clean.
I flip on the game show network and uh, I instantly kind of do the slack jot in front
of the TV face for, Oh, Hey, um, I kind of start to pop up.
No, I, I almost smells like plastic burning.
I almost forcefully like put my hand on Clark's chest and push him down into his comfy chair.
I kiss Keith.
I'll get it.
The microwave goes off, I get up and I, I go, I don't really, okay, um, ding.
I get up off the arm chair of the lazy boy and I go to the microwave and I open it up
and um, I see two microwave dinners stacked on top of each other and the plastic on the
top part is just melted into my Salisbury steak.
So I pull them out and like the chicken nuggets are cooked well and like I peel the plastic
top off of that and I'm like, Oh, these look good.
So I grabbed the chicken nugget, I swish it around in the mashed potato part of that and
I pop it in my mouth.
I'm like, yeah, that's pretty good.
It burns the fuck out of your mouth.
Yeah.
So did you pass your constitution check?
I did actually.
Yeah.
All right.
You can, you can deal with it.
So I, and then I get the Salisbury steak, the plastic is melted onto the Salisbury steak.
I try to peel the plastic off, but like I, it takes me like eight different peeling off
the edges to get in.
There's still a plastic on there, but I'm like, yeah, what, I mean, I'm a guest in this
house.
Fuck it.
So, um, yeah, so I bring, um, both TV dinners in there and I sit back down on the arm of
of Clark's chair and I'm like, okay, let's watch.
Uh, what is this like a, like jeopardy or something?
I only have one TV dinner tray stand that I use.
So I go over and grab that and I kind of start setting it up in front of me and I look up
at Keith sitting on the arm of my chair and I'm, Hey, you know, you can, you can use this.
Go, go take that over to that couch over there.
No dude, that's okay.
You can.
I stand up and start setting up the tray in front of the couch.
You can use it.
And I put it back in front of him.
Just lay, lay down and, and don't worry about it.
I'm just going to sit right here.
I I'm real, I'm, I'm starting to get a little weirded out that he's wanting to hover around
me.
So this is uncomfortable.
And I looked down at my chicken nugget tray and Hey, he, these usually have eight nuggets
in them, but this one only has, Oh yeah, that's, I was gonna, and I, I like
use my plastic fork to cut a little piece of my Salisbury steak out and I put it on
his chicken nugget tray, but it's the one piece of Salisbury steak that has like the
plastic still melted on top of it.
You know what?
I will take that tray and I take the tray.
I go sit down on the edge of the couch and I'm like, okay, let's uh, let's just play
wheel fortune or how are, you know, that goes right buddy.
I uh, those chicken nuggets are cooked very well by the way.
I, I, I, uh, I kind of fumble with the, uh, the plastic on the Salisbury steak and I popped
that into my mouth first and I'm like, I do like that.
I do really like that.
Salisbury steak.
It's a good one.
I gave you just so you know.
Yeah.
I mean, and I, um, I, uh, take, I take like a little bite of it and like, it's okay.
I, for the sake of time, I finished my entire meal real quick and I like without a word
stand up and start walking back to the bedrooms and I go into like a linen closet and I get
out like a pillow and some sheets and I go into the spare bedroom that has a bed in it
but is bare and I get the sheets all on it.
Hey, uh, Keith, uh, I got your bed ready.
Dude.
This show is kind of like hangman real quick.
I need you both to roll an intelligence check against each other.
I got a 39 on a 55.
I got a 73 on a 50.
Clark wipes the floor with Keith while playing along to wheel of fortune.
Nice.
Anyway, that was happening.
Oh, I mean, I tell you what Keith, I watch this about every night, so don't feel bad.
You came up against a master.
Yeah.
Okay.
I think I might go home honestly, but oh, you don't want to.
I got the bed ready and if you're feeling, if you're feeling comfortable on your own
tonight, I respect that you should, you know, I think I forgot why I came over here initially.
It wasn't to, it was to hang out with you, Clark.
That's that I'll, I'll stay here.
It wasn't for any other reason other than I just wanted to hang out with you.
Yeah.
Of course.
I had a great time.
He knows deep inside that Keith was just real scared tonight about all the things we'd seen
today and he knows that he's, this is his way of reaching out for comfort and this is
time of need.
Um, I go to sleep in the bed that Clark has made for me.
I wait until Clark goes to sleep.
Yeah.
I go ahead and go to bed like right, like after that conversation, I'm like, I want
to, I want to pass out.
I call my landlord at the hotel and I say, Hey, is there an open room that I can stay
in besides my own tonight?
Cause I've got somebody that might be after me in the morning.
There's definitely an open room.
So I, um, I clean up our TV dinners.
I move the couch back.
I quietly leave Bishop's house.
Keith, when you may get back to hotel motel, you are getting out of your police cruiser
when a young girl approaches you.
She seems to be a high schooler and you recognize her.
This is your niece.
It's Ferguson's daughter.
What's her name?
Oh, my niece is Francis beans.
Okay.
So Francis Francis, she walks up to you and she puts a finger over her mouth and hands
you a note.
Yeah.
If you want to read that aloud, no one hates my dad more than you.
So I'm coming to you first with this opportunity.
I know you have no love for your parents, especially after they left everything to Fergie,
but I recently found out their deaths for no accident.
He killed them when he needed the money.
I found his will all of his money.
Some of which I think you deserve goes to me upon his death.
I will give you $1 million to kill my dad, please.
We deserve it.
He deserves it.
Follow me in your car, but don't make it obvious.
And she holds a lighter underneath the note and she lights it.
She kind of motions.
I throw the note off to the side as it's burning.
And she goes over and hops in her Chrysler Sebring and kind of motions for you to follow
her.
I look around.
Can I do a search for anyone around us?
Sure.
Yeah.
Six.
You see that no one is out and about right now.
No one's watching.
I reluctantly get in the passenger side of her car.
When you get into her car, she looks at you and she rolls her eyes and she's like, um,
maybe get in your own car.
Maybe follow me in your car.
Like it said on the fucking note, maybe.
No, take me to where you're going to go.
Okay.
And she drives up and hops on the highway and heads toward the city.
John Lee Pettymore, as you were driving north through contention on the way to your home,
you go over the bridge that travels over Coles Creek.
Looking out the window of your borrowed and pounded vehicle, you see animals of all size
and type filling the waters below, but you notice there are fewer and fewer animals the
farther north you drive.
After passing the highway and leaving the city limits of contention, you turn down a
long gravel road that eventually leads to the isolated home of officer Pettymore.
What do you do upon arrival?
I'm going to give Drew a call real quick.
Bring, bring, bring, bring.
Hey.
Hey Drew, is everything set for tonight?
Everything's ready to go.
When do you want me to come out?
Uh, what time did you tell them to meet?
2 a.m.
2 a.m.
All right.
Why don't you get here around midnight?
Okay, perfect.
All right.
I'll see you then.
All right.
Okay.
I'm excited buddy.
Me too.
We're going to be rich.
Hopefully.
Okay.
Okay.
Like John Lee Pettymore gives himself a moment to, uh, to imagine that just like, what if,
what if it does all go well?
What if I do get that money and he, he sits in the, the Toyota Corolla for about five
minutes just like letting himself feel that and kind of trying to de-stress a little bit.
He's going to try to get a little nap before, before, uh, everything goes down.
So yeah, he's just excited to get back to his home.
Absolutely.
As you walk into your house, however, your entire home has been flipped over.
It looks like someone broke in and rifled through all of your shit.
What the hell?
What the fucking hell?
As you're going through room by room, trying to piece together what's happening with your
gun out, you notice that you're, uh, Smokey and the Bandit DVDs and all the memorabilia
has been knocked over.
Some of it's been stepped on.
Smokey's!
I would do such a thing.
God damn it.
First this whole fucking town goes to shit and then somebody steps on my Smokey DVDs
and now it's fucking, what a goddamn horrible day.
And as you are looking about, you see, there is a Burgatory Rewards card for Keith Vigna
on the floor.
I'm, I'm gonna kill him.
I'm gonna fucking kill that son of a bitch.
That idiot, incompetent, coke-addled, motherfucking ransacker, I'm going to kill him.
You say to an empty, turned-over home.
Ah!
I fire my gun several times into the ceiling.
Dust and, like, the popcorn from the ceiling starts coming down around you.
You had popcorn in your ceiling, right?
Yeah, I keep several.
It's cheaper than insulation.
You just go to the stadium.
So the sprint car racing, they just used to give me big ol' bags of the popcorn.
If you keep it in plastic, it doesn't go bad.
And that is, yeah, the squirrels had chewed through all my old shit, so.
They definitely won't chew through the popcorn.
Well not in plastic.
They can't smell it.
It does, I mean, now that it's raining down on me here, it does look like the squirrel,
yeah, like, it's mostly just kernels, so, I think that, yeah, I think they got into
it.
Yeah.
He lets his frustration out, shooting, shooting his gun into the roof, and then he just collapses
onto the couch, dejected.
Would you run and try to make sure that the cocaine is still where you put it?
Would you be worried about that?
No.
Well, it was dark, but it would have taken, like, excavation to get it, yeah, and I don't
think I saw any signs of that.
How are you prepping for the deal that's going down?
I don't think he would sleep now.
I think he's too angry to sleep.
John Lee Pennymore just needs to stay focused, and he is unspeakably angry at Keith, but
he's going to rechannel that anger into just energy for tonight.
What he's going to do right now is smoke a big ol' bowl and put on smoking the bandit
and just de-stress for a minute and just fucking try to forget it all for a minute.
I'm going to be a rich man in two hours.
I just got to fucking, er, four hours.
Drew gets here in two hours.
I just got to calm down, watch Smokey, and then tomorrow I'm going to kill Keith Igna.
Then the credits roll on Smokey and the bandit extended cut.
The doorbell rings.
Gun draw, and I go to the door.
Yeah, it's Drew.
I peek through.
Hey, hey, buddy.
Hey!
Come on in.
Okay, cool.
And he is holding a pistol, and he is holding it, like, by the top.
Hey, Drew, you ever shot one of those before?
Nope.
Okay, we got a couple hours.
I'm going to give you a quick rundown on all this.
See, here's the safety.
You got that off.
Yep.
Yeah, you want to put that on.
Oh, okay.
Let's go.
I got a shooting tree.
Let's go back and shoot the shooting tree for a minute.
You guys go back and shoot the shooting tree for a minute, and he's not, you know, he's
not good.
I at least want to teach him how to, like, hold it.
Yeah, you don't think he's going to shoot you.
No.
Unless things get really bad, I want you to just keep that safety on, but I do feel like
we've taught you how to hold this and look more intimidating to the mafia.
I couldn't agree more.
I look very intimidating.
She says with four inches of gums just hanging out.
Man, Emmett made the right call.
Emmett's so cool.
What'd you say?
Nothing, buddy.
Okay, cool.
You're, hey, you can get a billion gum surgeries with all the money we're going to have.
I didn't even consider, oh my goodness.
Think about that, buddy.
John, what's sex like?
That's not bad.
Okay.
Maybe one day.
How old are you, dude?
I'm 57.
No.
He's in his early 30s.
God, you must moisturize.
We're getting you laid.
We're going to get you laid tonight.
Okay.
Probably not tonight.
I'm very tired.
I should not be making a cocaine deal at two in the morning.
I'm extremely wounded and this town is beset by unnatural horrors.
So maybe we'll have to wait until next week, but we'll get you laid, buddy.
Okay.
Oh my goodness.
Okay, cool.
Is there a strip club in town?
No, there's just a, there's an auto mechanic called sassy reds.
Okay.
It's a pink Cadillac.
It's coming up on, that's so much better.
So it's coming up on 2 AM.
I'm going to go ahead and have you lose two willpower for me.
Okay.
I'm down to eight.
And then what do you want to do last minute?
Get ready.
You think they could probably be rolling up whenever.
So drew, I've, I've made some arrangements here.
I'm just going to check to make sure that's all on place.
Just out to the woods.
I just kind of make a bird call and a similar, but slightly different bird returns.
The call.
I love the great Northern collar.
It's my favorite bird.
Drew.
How about you?
Oh, I've never heard of that one.
I'm a fan of pigeons.
Okay.
Those sure are birds.
Uh, I'm going to do a little bump too.
Okay, cool.
Go ahead and roll a D six, four, four willpower back, full.
Yeah.
12.
It feels to you like right before lunch, I'm ready to start my day.
That's a joke, but that's also just true to John and Thomas.
Well, we've established that John goes to work at like 7 AM.
Okay, so you hear a car turn down your road, you've got a long driveway and you see the
lights and it is a large white 15 passenger van that is pulling a white trailer behind
it and as it pulls up to your homestead, you would see painted on the van as well as the
trailer in large block letters, it says Jesus Christ ministries.
Oh shit.
As you're looking at it, it looks like the 15 passenger van is filled with children.
Hey, uh, uh, Drew, what the fuck are all the kids doing in the van?
I have absolutely no idea.
Um, who are we meeting exactly?
His name is the Duke.
He's with the mafia?
I don't-
How do you know the Duke?
I-I-
God, we should have covered some of this before.
Probably.
As you guys are having that conversation, the van passenger door opens up and the most
handsome man you've ever seen gets out of the van.
He has perfect hair, perfect teeth, a perfect jawline and he is wearing the fuck out of
a bright white suit with a red rose pinned perfectly to his lapel and he begins walking
up to the two of you on the porch and he just stands there.
He's the Duke?
Yes I am.
Are you Drew?
Drew's here.
Uh, yes, I'm Drew and I believe you've got some cocaine for me, is that correct?
I believe you have some money for us?
Uh, that is certainly correct.
Alright, well we'll point your boys where to dig in.
We got the cocaine on the property here, store it away, uh, why don't you show us the money?
You give half of it to us, we'll show you the first hole, give us the other half, we'll
show you the second hole.
Seems like a deal.
He is going to turn around and walk back into the van.
He kind of leans in, you hear him say something, and then he comes back out with a briefcase
handcuffed to his wrist.
I've got half, which is five billion dollars US currency, in this briefcase.
And you see a bunch of children run out, they're all carrying shovels, and they stay pretty
far away, they're like on the other side of the van, they all kind of line up, like staring
at you, all holding the shovels in the exact same way in front of them.
And he says, where do you want me to dig?
Drew, go take a look at that briefcase, make sure everything's alright.
Okay.
And he pops over there, looks into the briefcase, he cracks it open, closes it right back up,
Drew walks back, I don't know, it seems like a whole shitload of money in there, John.
Alright buddy, hold onto your britches, you're not Keith.
Keith, his britches too big.
Yeah, I think they're too big.
Too big.
Yeah, so they fall off.
Fucking first.
Anyway, alright, just hold onto your britches buddy, we're not through this yet.
Alright Duke, you see that maple tree over there?
Get to digging.
And he points, and the children in a beautiful single file line, all with the same movements
run over, and all at the exact same time begin digging.
Mr. Duke, while you got your children there digging, can I ask you a couple questions?
Go for it.
Uh, why you got children out here digging for cocaine at two in the morning?
I didn't have anybody else.
How'd you get them?
Um, well, I made those children.
They're yours?
Yep.
Same mom?
Uh, yeah, yeah, you can say that.
And he walks back over, and these kids are digging so fucking fast, dirt is just like
flying everywhere, and they get down and, I'm assuming this is where the cocaine is,
is that correct?
Okay, so about half of it.
And they start piling the cocaine into the trailer that is being pulled behind the van.
And the Duke walks over and unlatches the handcuff from the other end and hands you
the briefcase.
There's five million dollars in it.
Alright.
That's, wow, that's a lot of money.
Duke, uh, Duke, Duke, show us the other case.
You're a stickler.
And he walks back to the van and hooks another case onto his wrist and walks back over to
you and gives you a peek.
Looks the same.
Alright, just round back behind that woodpile.
Your boy should see the hole.
Well, alright.
And he sends the children over to behind the woodpile, and they begin digging just as furiously
as they did the first time.
Drew, can I speak to you for a minute?
Yeah.
You don't know nothing about, what kind of crime is this Duke involved in?
I think he's a drug dealer.
Alright, yeah, that's fair.
That's fair.
Uh, how dangerous do you think he is?
I mean, he just brought children.
I haven't told you this, but we've got about a dozen petty moor cousins watching us from
the trees right now.
What?
Yeah, man.
Overwatch.
Like...
I thought it was just me and you.
That takes so much stress off my shoulders.
I should have probably told you, yeah.
Oh my goodness.
But I don't see a fucking, I don't see any goons or muscle, just all these children.
And, you know, I don't want to take candy from a baby, but it seems like we could just
take the ten million dollars and all the cocaine.
What kind of retribution would that bring down upon us?
You want to fuck with a drug dealer from the city?
Maybe.
I'm just saying, it seems like the opportunity has presented itself.
But then we'd just have to sell the cocaine again.
This was really stressful.
I've been pooping all day.
Yeah, but imagine how easy you would poop from now on if you had ten million dollars.
I honestly don't see that much of a difference between five and ten million dollars, but...
It's twice, there's twice a difference.
Yeah, math was never my strong suit, but I just think...
I don't know, it's just a thought I had.
Maybe he's got somebody watching us, I don't know, but...
John?
Fuck, yeah?
I'm down with whatever you want to do.
Just give me a signal, okay?
Yell bubblegum tree.
What's that mean?
Just kidding.
Oh my god, I got so scared for a moment, and he like hits you on the chest with his hand
and he's like...
Oh man, you're so silly, I like doing this with you.
Me too Drew, you're a fun guy.
And the children are now taking the second pile of cocaine and loading it up into the
trailer behind this van.
And when they are finished, the Duke walks toward you and undoes the lock on the handcuffs
to the briefcase and hands you the briefcase.
Well this is just fucking great.
I love it when a deal goes off without a hitch.
Me too.
This went off far smoother than I expected it to.
I do have a couple questions though.
And I understand I might have to grease your palms to get you to talk, but you just gave
me a shitload of money.
It seems like I'm in a position to give a little bit back and I slip them like a grand.
What is this for?
That's a down payment for some information.
I wouldn't give me any money until you have the information you think this money is worth.
I think the information I'm looking for might be worth a little bit more than a grand.
You ask the question, I'll name the price, and we can figure it out.
What do you know about Marvin Glass?
Well, I don't fucking like him.
I would consider him my competition, I suppose.
Although he is also a customer, I guess it's a bit of a mixed bag, my relationship with
Marvin Glass.
A personal customer, or he buys in bulk from you?
That'll be one thousand dollars.
Done.
He buys in bulk.
Do you know anything about his boys?
Like his uh...
His two sons.
Oh, I don't know.
He has them, I don't know, he has them run muscle for them sometimes, he has them shake
people down.
I don't fucking know.
Neither one of them have ever been much of a threat to me.
What are y'all hearing in the city about what's been going down under contention?
Anything making the news up there?
Well, I have heard, uh, you know, it's a bit on the news that the contingent police department
is uh, doing a pretty fucking terrible job, and they're probably gonna get eroded real
soon.
So, you know, I don't know, seems like a bunch of death and murder, it's gotten a lot of
the fuzz off my back, I'll tell you that much.
The city fuzz is focusing their attention down here?
Well, I don't know, things have been pretty smooth for me recently, I'm not sure what
that's all about.
Hey, Mr. Duke, is there any significance to the rose you wear?
I like the way it smells.
I can't smell, I don't have the sense to smell, it's a joke.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
I look fresh as fuck, don't you think?
You're pretty fly, I mean, it's a good thing you had all those kids to do that digging
with that white suit.
I absolutely agree.
These are all your kids?
And he turns around, Drew, it's good doing business with you, I think we're done here.
And he opens up the passenger door of the van.
And the children all load in with military precision before the Duke gives a quick bow,
hops into the white van with Jesus Christ Ministries painted on the side, and begins
the wide turn necessary to head back down John's long gravel driveway.
The van drives away into darkness, and Drew looks at you with wide eyes.
Drew?
Yeah?
We're fucking millionaires, buddy.
Oh my god, we're fucking millionaires.
Oh my god.
This is incredible.
We just gotta get out of this town alive first.
Should we leave tomorrow?
I hadn't, I hadn't thought about it.
Drew, you wouldn't, would you leave the boys at a time like this?
Cause fuck it, man, now that you said it, I think I might.
Well, I definitely don't need the paycheck anymore, and honestly, you know, our relationship
has gotten stronger over the past couple days through all this.
You know, I like Clark, Keith can certainly kiss my piss.
Kiss my piss?
Kiss my piss.
He hands you, he hands you the firearm that he brought, and he's like, I honestly feel
really weird holding this.
Hey buddy though, listen, you're a cocaine millionaire now.
Hold onto it.
You might need it for protection.
Okay.
And he takes it back, and he's holding it correctly this time.
He actually checks and makes sure the safety is on.
John doesn't say anything, but like he wells up with pride just a little bit.
Jimmy whistles and calls the Pettymore cousins out of the woods.
Awesome.
I'm trying to remember your cousin's name that saw the oil.
Oh yeah.
I don't think I've invited him.
Jimmy.
Not him.
Not the shrooms guy?
No.
These are younger cousins.
Fair enough.
Like the youngest one is probably like 15.
Okay, yeah.
Oldest?
40.
Nice.
Okay, so they all come out of the woods.
Do you want to describe that?
Yeah.
So about eight very clearly Pettymores just step out from behind some trees in a circle
around everywhere, and the youngest is 15, the oldest is 40, but they all are unmistakably
of John's family.
Like the blood is strong and perhaps intertwined.
Oh yeah.
And yeah, John-
Nothing stronger than incest blood.
Nope.
John gives them each 10 grand out of his suitcase and says, good work boys.
I'll see you all at the reunion.
They all like-
Oh yeah, and I toss them a 24 pack of keystone light.
Hell yeah.
They all like do a jump in the air and like high five each other.
Yeah.
We all take our pistols out and fire them into the air.
Fuck yes.
Freeze frame.

Clark, after you go to bed, you are having a little trouble sleeping.
This is the first time someone's slept in your house in a long time.
And you actually hear Keith open his door, walk out and you hear him open the front door
and then you hear him leave and you hear a car start up and then you hear the car back
out of the driveway.
I want to get up and go to the front door and lock it.
You do so?
And I'm going to go back to bed.
Okay, cool.
So as you go back to your bed, looking out the window, you see Coles Creek which runs
alongside your house and it flows down south from the lake at Centennial Park up north.
You see the whole thing is packed with animals and a fair few people have been out and about
looking for their pets.
There's maybe one or two people out there now.
But then you see another human and this one is in the creek hobbling down the frigid waterway
in your direction.
It's running, but it seems to be fighting through a limp and when he reaches the point
in the creek closest to your house, he leaps from the water and begins screaming and waving
his arms all while looking in your specific direction.
I need you to roll Sanity for me.
I pass 23 on a 29.
Okay, cool.
You're going to lose one Sanity and I don't know how you're going to rationalize this.
Your brain is like having a hard time processing this, but this man making his way toward your
house is you.
Oh shit.
All of a sudden you feel a warm pinch on the back of your neck and your vision tunnels
to a close.
You come to as a black bag is being snatched off your head.
You feel hung over and your chest feels weird and tight.
It smells damp and earthy and there's a haze around the torch above you shedding partial
light from the middle of this small stonewalled room.
You are sitting in a chair across a stone table from a man with grey hair under a white
hard hat in a charcoal suit with a bolo tie.
He looks relaxed as he tosses the black bag onto the table and begins to speak.
Okay, so after Richard III's coronation, he was visited by a seer from Leichster who
called himself the overseer.
The seer claimed that the now king was to hold some very important knowledge but would
need to have the restraint to not abuse this power.
See, Richard was given this knowledge, but he couldn't handle it.
He lost his mind and killed his two nephews.
The overseer, disappointed, eventually passed the same knowledge down to a Henry Tudor so
he could whoop Richard at Bosworth.
Henry VII held this power and eventually passed it down to a reliable and trusted confidant,
thankfully not his piece of shit son.
This knowledge was passed down repeatedly, abused and respected, respected and abused
until it made its way over the Atlantic to the colonies.
Eventually landing with a high order of masons, a select few held this information for generations.
But a grand purpose was never found.
Until Paul Simon.
The politician, not the singer.
Soon after being elected to the Senate, he was walking near his home when he came across
the first known xenonimatode.
He sought out Robert Byrd, the Senate minority leader at the time to share his newfound understanding
of the world.
Thankfully for the world, Byrd was among those carrying the knowledge of the overseer from
centuries before.
Together they formed a small circle of men to hold the weight of this realization.
Now today, we carry on their tradition by keeping the darkness out of this world.
We are the opaque rampart delaying the destruction of life as we know it.
Welcome to the circle of knowledge.
Now you have questions, I'm sure.
And I know this sounds hypocritical after that lengthy oration, but as my high school
English teacher would always say, show, don't tell.
And he immediately reaches under the table, and as he stands, he holds up an unspeakable
worm-like abomination with one hand away from his body.
The thing is two feet long and tube-like, covered in a squeamish black partially translucent
membrane.
Its body is segmented, and toxically green, pulsating arteries and veins can be seen through
its thin looking exterior.
It has no identifiable eyes or nose.
Its cavernous circular mouths, one sitting just inside the other, are lined with hooked
teeth and it spits out a saliva that is somehow darker than black.
How am I the only one trying to fool over How can you have enough drowning out of the
