Hello to all my friends and all my enemies, it's your boy Wolf the Dog growling at you
from Contention's best radio station, 694.2 PTBP.
It's time for our first segment, the unveiling of Howlin' with Wolf, where we get to hear
from y'all, my pups, my babies, my children.
I'm only doing this out of the love in my big ole wolf heart, sharing airtime, fuck,
but my pups are that important.
Alright let's kick it off with this one from an anonymous listener.
Dear V-cell, do not enter the mirror room.
Do not let John enter the mirror room.
Destroy the mirror room.
Destroy Orotech.
Destroy John.
Destroy the world.
Dear V-cell, nothing is real and everything is alive.
The end has come and will come and come again.
Find my bones, hear it and see.
No, wait for me.
I'm coming, but time moves so slowly.
Wow, uh, that's uh, that's real something y'all.
So if you want me to read whatever crazy horseshit you gotta say, submit a 5 star review on your
podcast app, screenshot that shit and send it to us, or tag us on social media, at pretending
pod on instagram and twitter, pretending to be people on facebook.
Now let's hear some news y'all.
Last time, the roving gang of tunnel vision cops left Mildred Mitchell, sans granddaughter
and information.
They went to Forgotten Treasures and bullied the nice lady there until she put her own
life in danger by telling the cops about the drunk man who threatened her.
Upon leaving, the white Toyota they'd been searching for peeled out onto the road.
After a short, dangerous pursuit, Keith Vigna gunned down Charles Donovan and John Lee Pettymore
fired warning shots into the air as well as Clark's tires, and they found a bald man
tied up in that old trunk.
I'm surprised they didn't shoot this old boy too.
Keith is riding with the bald man to the clinic as he is unconscious and in critical condition.
Wolf wants his pack to keep this old boy in your singing bowls.
Now rub your hands together so fast it makes a weird sound for kudzu with no backbone.
Is he still bound in that chain?
I'm gonna try to take the chain off and put like actual handcuffs on him.
Okay good.
Zip tie.
Citizen's arrest style.
You can never break the chain.
Alright Keith you are in the ambulance.
You have replaced Billy Harrison's chain with handcuffs and you guys are heading to the
clinic.
I want to ask one of the paramedics back there, hey is there anything you know maybe for this
pain in my foot so maybe I can I know I'm supposed to keep off of it but you know in
case I ever need to be on it like stay in the pain.
No pun intended.
I don't I don't know if I'm supposed to just give out medication.
Who's gonna get you in trouble?
I'm a police officer.
I'm gonna get you in trouble.
I'm a police officer.
Gotcha bitch.
Are you saying this to a terrified like 19 year old EMT?
Roll Persuade.
Nice.
13 on a 70.
Oh my god.
Um yeah okay just uh.
Shh this is our secret.
Like the crazed look in your eye right now is like you actually are like intimidating
some of your drugs.
You look so scary.
Yeah I guess you could.
And he reaches into a bag of pills.
Yeah he just pulls out a handful.
He's like take one to four of these.
What did they do?
Roll a D4 and see how many you take.
I take D6 again.
I'm a cheater.
Take one.
I take one.
What does it do?
It's not effective when you take one.
It's Oxycontin.
He just gives you like a bottle full of Oxycontin.
Can I want to ask you if I take these?
I'm thinking I probably get a plus to something and a minus to something if I take one.
Yeah.
Can you tell me what that is right now before I take one?
So your trap rap game is now off the hook.
I am the least knowledgeable about prescription drugs but if he's actually in pain won't it
do good more than it does detriment?
Like it'll attack pain receptors?
It'll do more good for the pain than...
But I don't think...
But he's gonna be...
Like he's not using it recreationally.
I'm gonna be on Oxycontin.
He's gonna be like every housewife you know but don't realize.
They're all so happy.
Fake happy.
Who does that?
Fake happy.
Don't worry.
Oh shit.
Fake happy.
Okay I'm looking up the side effects of Oxycontin.
Like you'll be loopy right?
Yeah you'll be a bit loopy.
You'll be a little scratchy.
Kind of a little bit of a goof.
And maybe sleepy.
I mean like if I take like one...
Fake happy is by Paramore.
Okay.
Awesome.
Common side effects of Oxycontin include constipation, nausea, stomach pain, loss of appetite, vomiting,
sleepiness, tiredness, drowsiness, dizziness, lightheadedness, weakness, itching, headache,
dry mouth, sweating, and decreases the ability to feel pain.
Ask your doctor if you want some.
Okay I'll keep these for later but I'm probably gonna take them all the time sparingly.
Alright Clark and John what do you guys want to do?
Check out Dr. Marie Jacobs.
See where she fits into this mystery.
What was the doctor's scrubs we got?
Zaboomafoo?
Zabrowski.
Dr. Zaboomafoo.
Doctor between the lions.
Dr. Marie Jacobs was she in contention or was she in the city?
She's in contention.
Do I know her?
Have I heard of her?
Do I know anything about her?
She's Clark's ex-wife.
No you probably wouldn't have any reason to know her.
She's got a private practice and that's all you know about her.
Family practitioner.
You do have an address and she lives in the suburbs which is in the northeast part of
town.
Are you taking both vehicles there?
Probably yeah.
Let's get a burger first.
Okay.
What is the burger place called?
Burgatory?
It's on the other side of the highway.
It's like five minutes out of your way if you want to hop up there and grab a burger.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I kind of need a, you know, in the salon I work you can't take like too many mental
health days off, but I need a mental health hour after watching Charles explode all over
that work.
For sure.
Frosty root beer.
That might soak me all right.
All right.
So you guys grab some grub and then you head down back into town into the, yeah.
Number one.
Burger.
Oh, I'll have that.
Number two.
Vegan burger.
We have a vegan burger.
Absolutely not that.
Yeah.
I already ordered some.
I'm not reading anymore.
Number three.
Oh, I don't want to even hear this.
Yeah.
I'm editing all that up.
I remember when we ordered waffle house for 30 minutes.
Do they really not have pancakes at waffle house?
No.
No, they don't.
That's fucking crazy.
I just kept trying to order pancakes.
It makes sense though.
They don't like covered in some other for your browns and capped.
Capped is what Charles is now.
He's covered in mushrooms.
He's covered in mushrooms.
Well, eventually he would be since we probably buried him on the side of the roof.
Does Dr. Marie Jacobs run her practice out of her home?
No.
Is it midday?
Will she be at the clinic?
I feel like we should go to go to her wherever she is.
No, that like the sun just went down.
Okay.
Then yeah, we'll head to her house.
On the way to Dr. Marie Jacobs home, you guys pull onto our street in the suburbs.
And as you are going down the street, you see kind of off to the right.
There's a man with extremely unkempt hair and facial hair standing in his front yard,
wearing a white tank top under some like rubber looking waders.
And he is messing with a vacuum, holding the hose with one hand and pointing the wand like
of the vacuum cleaner to the ground, kind of like he's challenging his yard to a duel.
And he begins to hold the wand with both hands and his arms shake violently up and down and
all around before he drops the vacuum wand and begins sprinting out into the street in
front of your car, not even paying attention to you whatsoever.
What do you want to do?
I was texting, so I just run him down.
Did you say, did you say it was vacuum like or it was a vacuum?
It was a vacuum.
I was messing with that like hose wand thing that comes off the side.
And it doesn't look like a fucked up vacuum.
It's just a normal vacuum.
No, normal vacuum.
I wrote down disheveled man vacuuming his yard, so let's just keep going.
Okay.
Yeah.
So yeah, I slam on the brakes and I say, sir, this might sound crazy, but were you trying
to vacuum an oil creature out of this guy?
He's like running away.
He has not even paid any attention to you whatsoever.
As you slammed on the brakes, he begins running down the street as he's running.
He begins to float off the ground and his legs are still flailing in a desperate gate
roll sanity.
Man, you really don't want us to see Marie Jacobs.
I pass nine on a 52 47 on a 53 neither one of you lose any sanity.
Basically you think maybe it's the air currents from the,
he must be a Poppins.
Yeah.
Perhaps he has jumped very high, but what you do see is a young boy and girl standing
in their front yard across the street and their jaws are dropped.
They failed the rules hard and they are watching this dude as he begins to float into the air.
So what do you do?
How far in the air is he?
Two feet.
Like I run up and I try to pull him back down.
Okay.
Is not coming down.
You are actively fighting against a force that you cannot see Clark.
What do you do?
I grabbed the other leg, his pants fall down.
So I need you guys to both a roll strength pass 23 on a 65 fail 76 on a 50 John, you
lose grip and slide down his leg.
As you are pulling on his shoe, as he kind of begins to get higher, you pull a shoe off
of his foot and Clark, you are holding him, but you feel a force actively lifting him
upward.
He is three feet off the ground at this point.
And you are the only thing holding him from floating away.
And he is screaming.
Oh, Holy.
Oh, you have to, you have to get the, get the, get the shit, get the fucking, get the
vacuum, get the vacuum.
I turned to John.
John, get the vacuum.
He says, get the vacuum.
I turned to those kids across the street.
Kids get the vacuum.
The two kids run and grab the vacuum from this man's yard.
I'm kind of like, I'm overseeing the children now I'm as I'm in a supervisory role.
Yeah.
I mean, you're delegating right there, right there.
And, uh, these two children, uh, are running over with the vacuum on an extension cord
that is like extremely long and they're bringing it out into the street.
Clark, I need you to roll strength for me one more time here, 46 on a 65 while I'm holding
onto them.
We got, we got you, bud.
They're coming with the vacuum.
Get the, get my feet, my feet, it's all around.
It's all around.
It's everywhere.
What is it bud?
What is it?
And these kids bring the vacuum to you, John suck, suck those feet up right there.
Just put that hose to his feet.
You two are heroes.
How old are these children?
They're like nine.
Both of them.
Yeah.
So the girl is holding the wand and the little boy is holding the vacuum, like hugging it,
like holding it up.
And he reaches over and flicks it on.
And the girl holds the one kind of up to this man's feet and they're both like, yeah, what
do we do?
You're doing great kids.
But is this, why, why is how you stop people from flying now?
Keep going.
I'm making you both honorary deputies.
You're vacuuming the hell out of that.
This man's shoes.
Just keep going.
Do we have fake badges at the police station?
I was already thinking that I've got them in my car.
I've got little that I hand out to kids.
The wand starts to move in jagged motions.
Oh my God, there's something.
I'm sucking up something.
No.
No, yeah.
I can't do this.
I think it was worse with the hand gestures, but it might play better on audio.
But that was, uh, yeah, John, John very quickly like grabs the end of the hose and was like,
you're doing great.
I got that from here.
The boy holding the vacuum is like, I can feel it too.
It's inside now.
What are you?
What are your names?
I'm Aiden.
Aiden.
I'm Aiden.
And she's, I don't know.
Like yeah.
Brooke.
No.
Brooke is a decent.
What's like a millennial's kid's name.
Kids in contention probably still have good biblical names.
Yeah.
They're, they're not worried about their names right now.
Yeah.
They are.
Cutback.
Cutback.
Clark, you actually feel the pressure is releasing and it is easier to hold this guy closer to
the ground.
And he is looking down.
He's like, you're doing it.
Oh, you're doing it.
Clark is feeling really good about being able to pull him down.
I'm strong.
John is watching all this like hands on hip satisfied like, yes, team.
Yes.
Clark, you get him all the way to the ground and he just begins sprinting.
He is sprinting.
He's like, run.
Run.
Run away.
Run.
Can I do a check that I don't let him go?
Yeah, absolutely.
You can roll strength or unarmed combat.
I'm using my unarmed combat skill.
Okay.
I pass.
53 on a 70.
He rolled an aught.
Aught.
It's a critical fail.
It's a critical fail.
His legs fall.
So you can do whatever you want to him.
I want to grab him, like bear around the shoulders and pull him to like the nearest lawn.
I just want to get him away from that area that he was floating in and off the road.
And then if he's still struggling, I want to get him to the ground.
Okay, yeah, you can get him to the ground and you're holding him and he's still screaming
like, get away from me.
Get away.
Now I need both of you guys to roll sanity for me.
Fail.
62 on a 53.
61 on a 52.
I also fail.
You guys are both going to lose a D4.
Oh, fuck.
Four.
Two.
So my sanity is now at 50.
Mine's at 49 and I'm one away from my breaking point.
I am two away from mine.
You guys can actually see on the street where you were, flashing in your vision is a thin
layer of this viscous, like writhing ooze.
And it is moving down the street into one of those drainage.
Storm drain.
Yeah.
Off the side of the road where the sidewalk meets.
And all of the ooze that was on the street is going down that drain.
What happens when you shoot it?
I shoot it.
Okay.
Kids, get out of the way.
And roll firearms.
67 on a 60.
Okay, so you just fire a few shots.
Those kids are dead.
I told them to get out of the way.
The kids both like completely-
Probably think it's pretty cool to see a cop she's killing, right?
They're completely blank faced and they're backing away.
The boy is still holding the vacuum.
Hey, junior deputies, get back here.
Drop that vacuum, first of all.
And as the two of them are being talked to by you,
you see the bag on this vacuum just explodes.
And you see both of these kids are immediately just covered in this black viscous goo.
They are gone.
Not necessarily from your vision because you can currently see this mass of ooze.
So more so you see the limbs of these kids inside of this ooze struggling to get out.
God, I mean it's so dark that it seems to dampen the brightness of everything around it,
all the lights shining down and stuff.
And it kind of melts down into the ground and begins slowly at first,
but surely gaining speed flowing toward you, John.
What do you do?
Do kids count as one kill or half a kill?
John just got two kills.
Also go ahead and roll sanity.
No way. Yeah, 92 on a 49.
So this is going to be a breaking point moment.
I critically fail.
66.
John, roll a D6, cut it in half and add four.
Oh, fuck.
Okay, cool.
Five.
Clark, you lose seven.
So that's a breaking point for me.
Same.
Also, man, I am bonkers now.
What are you down to?
44.
That's not too bad.
I have 40.
I'm at 43.
I'm fucking crazy.
What accent was that?
It was all of them.
I was doing all of them.
How do you calculate the new breaking point?
Okay, so yeah, let's do that real quick.
Keith Vigna, you're at 40, correct?
I'm at 40 and my last breaking point was 40, so how do I do my new breaking point?
Right, so yours is easy because your power is 10, so you just subtract your power from
your current sanity.
So what's 40 minus 10?
Clark, your sanity is currently 43 and your power is 12, so your new breaking point is
31.
And John Lee Pettymore, your sanity is 44 and your power is 12, which means your breaking
point is 32.
Hitting your breaking point will begin to change your character through the use of a
new disorder that your character has gained and it will affect your willpower.
I will discuss this off-microphone with you.
I feel like John's definitely going to be a lot less cavalier with the lives of children
after this incident.
It's too late to try to vacuum them out of it.
You kept describing how horrible it was and I was like, I want to vacuum, but I guess
I hit my breaking point and froze.
Losing that much sanity?
10 or 5.
I've lost 9 this session.
I need you to roll against your power in order to act.
And hey, this is really important.
58 out of 60.
You lucky son of a bitch.
As this flowing dark ooze is moving toward you, you can move.
I'd die for the vacuum.
Oh, the bag burst.
Yup.
Yeah, I run.
Yeah, this guy in Clark's arms is freaking the fuck out and he's like, no, I fucking
told you to run.
I don't know.
And Clark, what are you doing?
I'm like, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm getting up and running.
Maybe following wherever he runs, but running away.
Oh, we should run to our cruisers.
No, I'm sorry.
I want to follow the guy who's been sucked up in the air.
See where he's running.
No, I know, but maybe we should get in off foot.
This thing seems quick.
Okay, so he begins to run down the street away from you and also toward Marie Jacobs'
house.
John, do you want to head to your cruiser or are you following after this unkempt man
and Clark Bishop as they haul?
Are they running down like an alley or the road?
What was that?
I was going to say hot footed or something.
I don't know what I was going to say.
Hot footed is a weird thing.
I was like, hot footed?
What do you want to do?
Are they running down a street or alley?
They're running down the street in the suburbs.
It's honestly a nice neighborhood.
Yeah.
I get in my cruiser and I take off after him with the ultimate goal of collecting them
both and getting to Julie's.
Jacobs?
Yes.
As you get in your cruiser, you'd see this writhing mass and it disappears from your
vision.
I mean, it was there.
It didn't move anywhere.
It was moving, yes, at the time, but it didn't move out of your sight.
It just disappeared and you can't see it anymore.
I'm not afraid of silly putty.
I'm not afraid of silly putty.
I'm not afraid of silly putty.
You hop in your car, take off down the street, and make it to Clark Bishop and this unkempt
man wearing a white tank top and rubber-like waders.
You look to your right and you see the address for Dr. Marie Jacobs' house.
Keith Vigna, you are at the clinic in contention where the ambulance has brought you as well
as Billy-
Billie.
Was that his name?
Billy Harrison.
Billy Harrison.
And you are standing in a hallway waiting and a doctor comes to you and lets you know
that he has woken up.
He has a concussion.
He took a pretty huge blow to the back of his head and he was unconscious for quite
an amount of time, which leads them to believe something might have gone wrong neurologically.
So they did some scans, they're waiting on the report back, but he is currently awake
and you can go talk to him and he's cuffed to the bed.
As you walk into the room, he is laying in the bed, one cuff, yep, onto the bed.
Is he like hostile or is he just like kind of confused?
He's just sitting there.
I'm gonna go into the room and, hey, Billy, uh, do you know where you are right now?
He kind of looks around.
H-h-hospital.
Yeah, so you're in the contention hospital.
My name is O-Officer Vigna.
I have a couple questions for you.
You're not in trouble.
He kind of moves his hand.
Yeah, I think, uh, so you suffered a concussion, so you might be a little confused, but I just
want to set a timeline of what you remember meeting up to what I know.
Does that make sense to you?
Yeah.
Okay, so can you tell me your name?
Billy Harrison.
Do you know where you are right now?
You said contention.
We're in contention.
Are you from contention?
No.
Where are you from?
I'm from, I'm, I'm from, I, I don't remember.
Do you know how old you are?
I'm 31.
I'm 31.
Close enough.
What is the last thing you remember before you remember talking to me?
I was, I went to my friend John's.
John?
Uh, Peters.
John Peters.
How do you know John Peters?
We were in the army together?
No, I'm, I was in the army.
We're just friends.
So John Peters was not in the army with you?
I don't think so.
No, he's an old friend.
Okay.
Do you remember why you went over to his house?
He, he, he hadn't responded.
He hadn't responded to any of my messages.
And how long?
A couple of days.
I tried calling him.
Yeah, I tried calling him.
He didn't, he didn't respond.
I got worried about him.
How often do you usually see John?
I don't see him very often.
Or how do you, how often do you keep in contact with him?
We talk a lot.
We play video games together.
Okay.
He didn't respond long enough for you to be worried about him.
Right?
And that's why you went and checked on him?
Yeah, I was on my way through town.
Did you get to his house?
Yeah.
And did you talk to him?
No, he wasn't there.
I was, I was looking in, something happened at his house.
Did you look into the windows or did you get into his house?
I was looking in the window.
That's that's the last thing you remember or can you think any harder?
Is there anything?
Have you seen anybody in the house or do you remember anybody coming up to you?
No, I was looking through the window and now I'm here?
What happened?
Do you know a man by the name of Charles Donovan?
No.
Okay, so what's happened here is that we were chasing after a man named Charles and we found
you tied up in the back of his car and he gave you, he must have hit you with something
while you were looking through John's house or looking into John's house and he gave you
a concussion and that's why you're here just for some tests and some just surveying to
see what your health is like but do you know any one that would have wanted to hurt John?
Did John ever talk about any enemies or any people he might have owed a debt to or anything
that he might have been caught up with?
Any kind of trouble that he was in?
No, not that I can think of.
What kind of video games did you play with him?
Online or with him?
Online.
So did he ever tell you much about his personal life?
I mean we just knew each other growing up and stayed in touch because we both played
Call of Duty.
Okay.
Do you know anybody that drives a white Toyota?
I mean...
What kind of car do you drive?
Probably.
Let me start over.
What kind of car do you, what car did you drive to John's house?
White van.
White van.
Okay.
And when did you go over to John's house?
The third?
What day is it?
Today's the third.
Thank god.
About what time did you get there?
I don't remember.
I think the sun was up.
How late is it?
It's about eight o'clock in the evening.
So had you eaten lunch before you went or?
Yeah.
Okay, so early afternoon probably.
Yeah.
So about six.
Okay.
About six hours you've been out.
Oh god.
Um.
That's really bad for you, isn't it?
Well, we'll let the doctors decide that.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm just a very good police officer.
So you can trust me.
You can tell me anything that you want.
What kind of line of work are you in now?
I'm on leave from the army.
Okay.
You don't happen to know anybody that works at a dog grooming facility, do you?
You're asking some weird questions.
I know these sound weird, but you've got a concussion, so you might not.
None of these questions are weird.
You just might think they are.
Okay.
I don't know anyone who works at a dog grooming establishment.
Okay.
I guess, uh, you know, I, I got, I'll give you some rest and I'll talk to the doctor
to see how you're doing.
I'll, I'll let you, I'll leave you to it and kind of moves his hand with the handcuff on
it.
Is this still necessary?
Kind of feel like I was the victim and I mean, you're not treating me like I'm arrested.
No, you're not under arrest, but I'm, I'm going to stick around here at the clinic until
I get word from the doctor that you're okay.
Um, you know, we don't want you getting up and walking off and you know, dying out there.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Okay.
Well then can you at least take this off for now?
I don't, I don't know about that.
I am I under arrest?
Should I put you under arrest?
No, sorry, sir.
You've been pretty cooperative so far, but you're making me question whether I should
be done with this interview.
Why were you at John Peter's house for real?
I was just checking.
You were checking on your friend that you play video games with?
Yeah, I thought he might be in trouble.
Why would you think that he was in trouble?
There's times where I text my friends and they don't text me back or call me back for
a couple of days and it's for no reason, especially my close friends.
I don't know about if you're that close with him.
Tell me why you were at John Peter's house and I pull out my other pair of handcuffs
and handcuff his other hand to the other side of the bed.
Out of game.
Is this something I should pursue or am I wasting time?
You can do anything you want.
Here's what we're going to do.
As you walk up to his bed with the other pair of handcuffs, I need you to roll unarmed combat.
I got a 54 on a 40 and he got a success.
So as you approach him in one swift motion, he pulls your gun from your holster and immediately
has it drawn on you and he says, uncuff my hand right now or I'm going to shoot you.
Can I roll humant to see if he is just scared or...
Absolutely.
40 on 80.
Yeah, not only is he not scared in this moment at all, it looks like he has done this before
and he is going to shoot you.
What would I roll?
I'm thinking of like, I want to like jump and just tase him, but I like, do I have the,
I'm thinking I have a taser gun, but do I have like a stick it in his neck kind of taser?
Oh, I don't know.
You probably have the gun.
I think that's what they carry these days.
Hey Luke, he's going to shoot you.
Okay.
Okay, I put my hand up.
Okay.
I'm reaching down to my pot, to my, what do you call the little thing they wear?
Tactical belt.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm reaching down to my belt to pull out the key.
Please don't shoot me.
He kind of moves the handcuff in a position to make it easy for you to unlock it.
I put the key in the lock, I twist it.
It unclicks.
I put the key back on my belt and the handcuffs are unlocked.
He says, turn around.
I turn around.
He stands up and he's behind you.
He's got the gun pressed firmly against the back of your head and he says, all right,
here's what we're going to do.
Fuck.
Okay.
I guess roll alertness for me.
Pass.
53 on a 60.
Okay.
72 and your lights go out.
All right.
Thomas and Joe.
John Lee Pettymore drives his cruiser down the road of the suburbs and makes it to where
Clark Bishop and this haggard looking man are running down the street and you guys kind
of slow down as you're looking behind you and the guy says, it's gone.
Oh, it's gone.
Yeah.
I can't, I can't see it either, man.
What the fuck was it?
Oh shit.
It's here.
And he turns and he kind of bends down and looks inside the cruiser and he sees John
Lee Pettymore and he backs up immediately and he's like, I can, what are you, what are
you?
And he looks at both of you.
He's like, what are you doing?
And he just fucking starts running back toward his house immediately.
Whoa, whoa.
Hey, but whoa.
And I'm trying to chase after him.
If I can get a hand on him.
You can get a hand.
I mean, do you want to like, he's, he's really trying to get away.
So I would just like to grab him so we can't get away.
Whatever that would take.
Yeah.
I mean, you could do unarmed combat or strength.
I'll do an armed combat.
Okay.
I fail fucking 91 on a 70.
Okay.
He passes.
So he gets away from you and he starts running down the street and he looks crazy.
I mean, this guy's wearing a white tank top with big rubber waders on and he's just like
hoofing it down the street.
I don't know.
Squeak, squeak, squeak.
Uh, yeah, I don't think I'm going to pursue.
I think I'll watch him run away.
Same.
Okay.
So he runs back to his house.
I know where he lives.
We, I, we know where you live.
He looks back over his shoulder, crazed the look in his eyes like dips into his house.
Cool.
All right.
So you guys are like right in front of the Jacobs home.
It's a beautiful modern home with a large front yard and a recessed interest entrance.
Just like every home on this street and in this neighborhood, you are in the suburbs.
Honestly this, this part of town seems a little nice for waiters, like the waiter guy, not
waiters.
This part of town does seem a little nice for waiters.
I mean, we've all, no servers live in this neighborhood.
We've all waited tables, but I'm realizing suddenly that it's a little weird roleplay
wise that we shrug our shoulders and go investigate Dr. Murray's house.
I don't know what you're talking about.
This seems convenient and perfect to me.
I don't feel great about those kids.
You know, they fucking, they're fucking gone.
All right, listen, Clark, we never saw two kids, but they were, they were just, you understand
that we cannot have like, we can't be on the hook for the death of two children.
Nobody's going to believe the crazy guy and the waiters.
There were never any kids.
Yeah.
Yeah, there weren't.
We don't know what happened to those two, those two, those two children.
There weren't, there weren't, there weren't, there weren't no children.
There were no children.
Let's uh, let's see what this doctor knows about our cases.
You guys mark up to the front door?
Yeah, I'll knock.
This is good knocking.
This is much better than Luke's.
You hear scuffling from inside and then you can like very clearly hear someone approaching
the door and you hear some heavy breathing, like right on the other side of the door.
It's just like Dr. Jacobs, we have a few questions for you now.
We'd just like to talk ma'am.
If you could just even open your door, we could just have a word with you right here.
We can talk through the door.
Go away ma'am.
We're the police.
We, we need to, we need to talk to you.
I know who you are.
You have a warrant?
Maybe.
Uh, we don't, we don't need a warrant to find out.
You can come back with a warrant.
No, that's not her voice.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Do you want to?
Yeah, I do.
Restart?
I do.
Okay.
She has a nicer house than that.
Yeah.
Fuck.
Contention PD.
Go away.
See, I thought you were going to go less witchy.
Yeah.
Nope.
John, it's a witch.
It's a witch.
What'd you say?
You said contingent PD?
Yeah.
Uh, we just, we just need to, I wasn't doing that, I didn't care.
Do you want me to say that?
Clark's mind is preoccupied.
What?
Did you just say contingent PD?
Uh, would you, uh, we just need to ask you some questions ma'am.
Okay.
Can you open the door for me?
You can ask your questions through the door.
Pausing the role play.
What do we want to ask her actually?
Yeah.
So her, she was just circled in the phone book at Julie Maxwell's place.
That's the only real lead we have to come here.
So maybe if she knows her.
I thought we had a couple other things though.
I thought other people had, I thought there were two or three vectors to her.
Nope.
I do have something else to her.
Oh, do you?
Yes.
Uh, she bought the radio from the treasure shop.
Yes.
That's important.
Good.
Good fucking call.
John and Thomas.
So then what do we want to ask her like, radio repair.
What were you saying?
I put it together in my head that Julie might've just circled her name in the phone book as
another person who bought a crazy item like her camera.
So she might not know who Julie Maxwell is either way.
Ma'am, we just wanted to, uh, did you purchase anything from the, uh, oh shit.
What's it called?
Sorry.
Did you purchase anything from forgotten treasures in the last, uh, let's say month.
I buy many things from forgotten treasures.
Did you happen to buy an old radio?
No.
We think you did.
And we're just kind of interested in it.
Go away.
You didn't do anything wrong.
We just, uh, we're just curious about that old radio you bought.
You want to open the door for us?
Why?
So we can take a look at that old thing.
It sounds cool.
It's not here.
Uh, where, where'd it go?
It's gone.
Did you sell it?
No.
What'd you fetch?
What kind of price you fetch for that?
Can I hement her to see if she's lying?
Yeah.
I do not pass.
83 out of 50.
You don't know.
Uh, so if you didn't sell it, why, why is it not here?
A man came and took it.
A man came and took your radio?
A man came and took it.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Did you get a good look at the guy?
We can, we can go and get that for you.
He said no cops.
Oh, we can be discreet.
Oh, can you?
Knocking on the door, yelling about radios.
Who's got us there?
We can be discreet from here on out for you.
It's a lot easier to be discreet when you let us inside, ma'am.
There's nothing here for you.
Go away.
Was that man John Peters?
I don't know who that is.
Can you describe the man who took that?
He was tall.
He was drunk.
He was very mean.
Did he break into your house to get that radio?
Yes.
Did you watch him carry it away?
He had a gun.
Did you see him drive off?
No.
Is he still here?
No.
He's gone, as is the radio that you so desperately desire.
I turned to John.
John, I mean a tall, drunk guy stealing a radio.
It's gotta be Charles, right?
There was the description of the menacing, drunk, mean guy with the gin blossoms.
That wasn't Charles, right?
I think it was.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I think you're right.
Because he was at Treasure, fucking, what's it called?
Forgotten Treasures.
I'm forgetting the word forgotten.
He was at Forgotten Treasures.
He was drunk when I saw him.
It's gotta be Charles, and he's dead.
Well, we need to follow up on his hotel room, then.
He's staying at the same hotel as Vigna.
Go away.
Just to satisfy our curiosity while we're here, what kind of doctor are you?
I am a doctor.
I am a family doctor.
That's a noble profession.
Thank you, ma'am.
Thank you.
Okay.
Hey, Salem.
Oh, God.
I think she might be a witch.
As she says that, you kind of see, so she's got one of those doors that has the glass
pane at the top, and so you can see movement through there, and you didn't see any shape
or anything earlier when she came to the door, but there is kind of the shape of a taller
person there, and she's like, I have to go.
If you would like to continue talking, I will be back post-haste.
Ma'am, is there somebody in there with you?
Clark, I don't think we need a warrant anymore.
I think we have reasonable ...
You know the words.
Okay.
We can't start doing takes and shit, though.
Clark, I think we have reasonable ...
John, are you trying to say reasonable suspicion?
I sure am, Clark.
I think we might as well.
All right.
I kick down the door.
Okay.
Go ahead and roll law.
How about that?
35 on a 50.
Yeah, you've done this before.
You know how to do it.
Okay.
I mean, they train you how to kick in a door.
For sure.
I figured it would be a strength test.
Not like a cop test, but I like it.
I'm trying to change things up.
The cop test was so that you knew you were in the right to do this.
Exactly.
You had the force of the law behind your kick.
So, I've kicked down the door at gun drawn.
We're here to protect you, doctor.
You kick in the door and you immediately see the house.
The house is a complete wreck.
It smells weird in here.
There's a haze in the air, but she's not there.
But you can kind of hear yelling like ...
Like from the basement.
There's a door very clearly kind of around the corner that leads to the basement and
it's open.
Do you guys want to start going there or do you want to look around the rest of the house?
I want to do just a visual scan as I'm walking toward the basement door.
What can I see from ...
An ocular pad.
An ocular pad and of the premises.
So, there's not a lot specific up here.
All over the house, there's a bunch of random stuff.
It's on the counters, the tables, any surface is full of stuff and not clean.
There are beakers and other types of like containment objects all over the place as
well as mini jars, which is another thing that I just said.
Something you can contain things in.
Also, some bowls.
No, I'm just ...
So, lots of stuff like that around.
Just kind of like all around a mess.
There's shit everywhere and in fact, it smells terrible and it kind of smells like shit in here.
People or animals.
Which is weird.
Well, when you ...
Just general.
Both, yeah.
However, good question because when you go around, you do see a litter box, but there's
poop in it, but it doesn't look like cat poop.
Is it too big?
It's too big.
She is a fucking witch.
She's got a giant cat man named Salem.
Can we discern anything that she's yelling?
As she starts walking up the stairs.
She's like, did you kick down my door?
We thought you were in trouble, ma'am.
I am in no trouble.
Please leave my home immediately.
Ma'am, we believe you are Harvey and a legal giant cat man in this premises.
Do you hear the words coming out of your mouth, officer?
I just point to the litter box.
She looks over at it and she says, Salem is going to get some licks for that.
Can you show us Salem, ma'am?
Yeah.
And she points at a picture on one of the countertops somewhere.
It's a picture of her and her husband and their cat.
They have a black cat.
Ma'am, there was somebody else in this house.
Do you know where they went?
That was just Doug.
Who's Doug?
Doug's my husband.
She points at the same picture.
Where'd Doug go?
He's downstairs.
He does not want to be disturbed.
Well, tough titty said the kitty.
I brush past her and start walking down the stairs.
No.
I holler down the stairs.
Doug, I need you to come up here.
You hear?
Meow.
From downstairs?
Yeah.
It's a fucking cat man.
Oh my God.
All right.
Cover me.
A cold chill runs down Clark's spine as the joke that they were having suddenly becomes
very real.
This was never a joke to me, Clark.
It was to me.
Don't go down there.
And she kind of like tries to get in front of you and close the door to the steps to
the basement.
I hold the door.
She's just looking up at you.
By the way, Dr. Marie Jacobs is an older, short, plump woman.
She has mascara smeared all over her entire face.
Her hair is a complete disaster.
And she is wearing a white coverall with long neoprene gloves.
Does it look like if you smeared the mascara off her face, she might actually be a cat?
From what you know about both humans and cats, I would say no.
Okay.
As she does this, she looks at John and she says,
Actually.
And turns to Clark and says,
You can go downstairs.
And looks back at John.
Join me in the kitchen for a moment.
Sidebar, Clark?
One moment, ma'am.
Doctor.
Thank you.
I didn't go to seven years of school to be called ma'am.
Of course not, doctor.
Hey, Clark.
You're not going to let me go down there alone, right?
No, no.
We got to arrest her right now, right?
Like this is suspicious as hell.
Yeah.
She's like dissecting a cat man down there or something, right?
Yeah.
Something unholy is happening in this house.
Things are real weird.
That's against the law, right?
At the very least, the guy downstairs ain't coming up.
And after I told him to come up.
So.
Handcuff her?
Yeah.
I just started handcuffing her.
And I started reading.
Ma'am, you're under arrest for suspicion of harboring an unholy cat man for impeding the
investigation of two officers for just being creepy as hell.
Clark, you got anything to add?
No.
That was it.
All right.
Yeah.
I'm real sorry, doctor.
But you are just under all kinds of arrest.
Salem!
And you hear just this like boom, boom, boom, like coming up the stairs.
I cuff her as quickly.
I try to cuff her like very quickly.
All right.
Roll.
You can either roll law or dexterity.
Dexterity.
Okay.
58 on a 65.
Well done.
You get the cuffs locked and you are ready for whatever is about to happen next.
Thank you.

