Hello people in this airplane we call life, it's your captain speaking Wolf the dog, and
I'm here to airdrop some news on y'all while flying drunk.
We are taking over the skies here at 694.2 PTBP the sky kingdoms newest and best and
only radio show.
Look out skybound geese I'm hungry for bird bones and these propellers are awfully sharp.
I've got an announcement here from my producer it seems that a few days ago on the first
of the month the third patreon exclusive episode dropped for all of our honorary police officers.
Joe Luke Taylor Thomas and Zach got together and played a disgusting and delicious game
of the end of the world.
You can hear that as well as our first two bonus episodes, a Q&A session, and a game
of everyone is john by following the link to our patreon in the show notes or going
to patreon.com slash pretending pod and becoming an honorary police officer by pledging 5 bucks
a month to keep the show alive.
Honey might help wolf's bowels but honey right in to help wolf's howls it's howling
with wolf.
This week's howling with wolf comes from at the underdash millennial c who tagged at pretending
pod in an instagram story y'all know how tickled I get when you take time out of your day to
share the show with your friends.
At the millennial c he writes
It dumb, so much to do, so much to see, so what's wrong with taking the back streets,
you never know if you don't go, you never shine if you don't glow, y'all wolf rarely
lets his emotions get the best of him but when someone takes the time to write up something
so personal and meaningful it just... stop it wolf, stop licking up my tears, remember
if you wanna write up something for your wolf to howl tag at pretending pod on instagram
or twitter tag pretending to be people on facebook or write a 5 star review and email
us at pretendingpod at gmail dot com fuck all that dumb social media bullshit after
all it only dictates whether wolf gets to eat trash or has to eat trash and wolf has
a distaste for mistakes that dicks fake to get milkshakes.
It's time for the news
Last time, Clark Bishop, John Lee Pettymore, and Keith Vigna came to the dark mausoleum
of their former co-worker Ari Manstein.
They all had four names burned into their skin, Marvin on their chests, Maggie on the
bottom of their left foot, Drew on the backs, and Tilly on their dominant palms.
Keith Vigna called the number left by Agent Kennedy and he answered a few questions from
an automated voice.
John drove the three of them in Keith's cruiser to Jim Cook's house.
In the neighborhood, every light pole was fitted with a sign warning residents about
Clark Bishop.
In Jim Cook's house, Clark showed his partners the book he found and slowly realized he might
be the overseer that Maggie Cook and the Circle of Knowledge is intent on bringing back.
A slow drip of vodka from the ceiling led the three sort of officers upstairs to search
for a room without a door.
Keith knocked on the wall to avoid kicking a stud and then put his foot right through
the wall in the hallway.
It is December 6th, 3pm, and Keith Vigna has one foot in.
I've got one foot out.
And shaking it all about is kudzu with no backbone.
It's all really funny to me.
There's some really good ones, yeah.
I saw there's like a Zuckerberg one that was like, not verbatim, but basically it's like
he was, he's the one like pushing a bunch of money so that people will go storm area
51 so they can go find his dad.
Oh my god.
Fuck Mark Zuckerberg.
Alright, so Keith gets pushed through this wall by John Lee Pettymore and Clark Bishop.
The drywall folds.
Also Midsummer Spoilers.
And Keith Vigna lands on the other side covered in debris and the hole opens up wide enough
for you guys to look in and in this secret room is a small living room set up.
There is a chair with an end table facing a small TV VCR that is sitting on top of a
pile of thick books.
There's a desk with a chair and there is a handle of vodka sideways on the floor next
to the end table poured out onto the rug that barely covers the makeshift floor beneath.
When you say makeshift floor, yeah, I'm picturing that this room is kind of like haphazardly
constructed and therefore the floor is this like plywood.
Like walking.
Just like sitting on the joists.
Yeah.
Like walking through an attic where you only want to walk on the planks.
Yeah, but they've made it so that they can at least like walk around.
Like he's made the, all of the floor load bearing for the most part.
And you said on the TV it's static or?
Yeah, there's static on the TV.
Are there any VCR tapes lying around?
There are no VHS tapes lying around.
What are the books the TV is sitting on?
The books that the TV is sitting on are thick textbooks on radiation and physics and quantum
mechanics.
Just a lot of lofty shit.
A lot of light reading.
The end table or any of the tables, do they have drawers in them?
No, but as you walk in and look further into this room, you see that on the end table there
is a small vial of clear liquid, a scalpel, and a box of tissues.
The vial.
When I pick it up, how heavy is it?
About as heavy as a glass vial should be.
Real fast, now that we're kind of standing in the room, taking a look around, could I
see another way into this room that wouldn't have needed to be knocked through a wall?
Yes.
What do I see?
There's just a small door in the corner of the room.
When you open it up, you kind of see on the other side that it was just a false wall.
So this was a secret room.
This is a hidden room.
So I open that door and I see a wall in front of me and I can push on it to open it?
Yeah.
Got it.
Where do I pop out?
Just in the hallway.
Upstairs.
Okay.
I have this vial in my hand.
I'm like, what do you guys think this is?
I'm not going to taste it, but I haven't opened it up yet.
With all the weird shit we've been dealing with, I feel like if I open this up, two things
could happen.
One, absolutely nothing, and then we wonder what happens, or two, some fucking something
crazy is going to happen.
What if you become like a Batman?
I don't want to be like Batman.
I want to, I don't know.
And I opened it up.
Sorry, I mean a man bat.
As you hold on to the bottom of the vial with one hand, your other hand kind of slowly goes
to grasp around the top of the vial and it's shaking a little bit and slowly twist off
the top with the rubber dropper on top.
As you lift it off, absolutely nothing happens.
As I learned in science class, as Keith Fignan learned in science class, I waft it into my
nose to see if I smell anything.
I love the wafting.
It's important for science.
That way you don't fall over and die in eighth grade science class.
This liquid seems to be not noxious in any way.
Well, I'm going to screw the lid back on and put that in one of my big old pockets
for now.
Okay.
There was a label on it, was there?
There was no label on it.
Is there anybody else in this room?
Yes, there are.
There's a man standing there.
There's a hundred people wanting to fight you.
Asking you to stop touching his things.
Please sir.
Can I do a search to see if I see anything else that I didn't just immediately see?
Well, as you guys continue to look around this room, you would notice that on the desk
are three folders and an envelope and the TV VCR itself, there is no antenna on it and
there's no coaxial plugged in.
It's just the power cable.
Hey John, you mentioned a TV in one of your visions.
Is this the TV?
It doesn't seem, no, it doesn't seem like it.
Can I unplug the TV?
Yeah.
When you unplug the TV, the static stops.
Like a TV.
I want to feel inside the VHS slot.
There is a VHS in the TV VCR.
Ooh, eject it please.
I plug the TV back in.
When you plug it in as John Lee Pettymore is clicking eject and a VHS pops out and it
is labeled Bishops WOF.
Stick it in there and see if we can not.
Wait, is the VCR plugged into the TV or is this a TV VCR combo?
It's a combo baby.
I go and look at that tape.
Is there anything in the WOF that, is it an acronym?
Is it periods between them or capitalized?
All capitalized periods in between.
You guys know what WOF could mean?
We're about to find out.
Put it back in there, see if it'll hit play.
An episode of Wheel of Fortune, of course.
Well hell man, this must have been where old you was hanging out.
And as the episode begins to play, you meet the contestants.
It's couples week on Wheel of Fortune and one of the set of contestants, Clark Bishop's
parents.
A very young Clark Bishop's parents.
They say that they had just gotten married and they are trying to win money for their
honeymoon.
Have I ever seen this before?
Nope.
Clark is maybe real sentimental about seeing this and sits in the chair opposite the TV
and watches intently.
John tries to see if there's any more vodka left.
There is some.
You know in the reservoir on a handle where I wouldn't have poured out the spout, there's
that much vodka left.
I take a swig and then pass it to, I offer it to Vigna.
I kind of put my hand up not wanting any of this spilled vodka, but I look at Clark sitting
down and watching this, I'm like, Clark, I know that you like Wheel of Fortune, but is
this really the time to sit down and start watching an episode?
Keith, those are my parents.
I've never seen this before.
Those are my parents on Wheel of Fortune.
That couple right there?
And I look at it and I look at both of them and I look at Clark and I'm like, my God,
those are your parents.
The resemblance is uncanny.
Yeah, I've never seen your parents before, but Jesus Christ, are those not your parents?
Is it canon that my parents look like me?
Oh shit.
You quoted earlier that that might not be the case.
I know I'm adopted.
Do you look like your parents?
I mean, I, yeah, I would say you've always seen it.
I've always seen it.
I want to keep watching the show.
I don't know how to, is there a role I can do to say, is there anything significant to
their play or maybe the puzzles they're doing or anything that would ping for Clark as a
thing that's interesting to note?
Do you want to watch the whole episode or are you just going to fast forward through
trying to catch like what each puzzle is and who solves it and how they do or honestly,
I'll probably watch as much as the boys will let me, what if you just try to fast forward
to your parents' parts?
I think pause and fast forwards have fast forward, but yeah, let's just, let's just
fast forward.
I'll just check out my parents' parts anytime they're on camera, push play, you keep going
through.
They seem to be doing quite well, so we'll fast forward until just your parents' parts
and watch that.
Fellas don't mind, I haven't seen this before and it's nice to see them moving around.
Yeah, and it's just weird as fuck that this is happening right now, that those are your
parents.
While he is watching it, I'm going to continue searching around this room.
Yeah, absolutely.
So you would notice that there are the three folders and an envelope that are on the desk
that you haven't touched.
Yeah, I would like to open up each of those starting with the first.
Okay.
Alright, so you open up one of the folders and on the inside you see a large stack of
papers.
It is labeled Operation Stapler.
How thick of a stack of papers?
Quite thick.
On the second page, there is a massive logo that you recognize.
It is an M that is made out of four double helices.
Is there an appendices?
What's the thing at the very beginning?
Index.
There is an index at the beginning as well.
So basically the front page says Operation Stapler.
On the second page, it's got the logo of the M with the double helices and under it, with
the same M spelled out, it says Myriad.
Myriad?
M-Y-R-I-A-D.
Can I go to the index and see what the highlights of the paper?
Yeah, absolutely.
So this is basically a program respec.
So this is someone who is going through and rewriting an existing program to create androids.
And the whole respec of this program is to cut down on cost and sell to private companies.
Is there anything in this about cutting costs, of where they cut costs on these androids?
Yeah, pretty much all across the board.
They cut it in staff.
They cut it in research.
They cut it in supplies.
Every aspect.
But not anything that indicates in the new androids, specifically like a certain thing
they really cut costs on?
Nope.
Mostly just an overall cut.
Is there any indication of what private companies they thought they might be able to sell them
to?
There are no indications.
I want to Google Myriad.
Not the word, but the...
When you Google Myriad, go ahead and roll.
Do you have a computers skill of some sort?
Yeah, I have 50 in computer science.
Oh, yeah.
Use that.
69, which is a success.
Oh, it's...
Fuck it, 66.
It's a fucking critical fail.
Critical fail.
Oh, no.
Myself, my smartphone explodes.
Actually looking at your phone, which is the phone that was just in Kevin's clothes.
It's not a smartphone.
All right.
Fuck.
You texted Google.
Cha-cha.
Cha-cha.
What is Myriad?
I'm just trying to remember what that was called.
It just gives the description of the actual word.
Cha-cha was awesome before you could just Google things on your phone.
Cha-cha was awesome.
The screen on your phone wobbles in a very strange way and covers your phone screen before
it just goes back to normal.
Real fast, are androids something in this world that we know about?
Okay.
It's weird how often that you've interacted with them in the past six days for them to
have never been a thing in your life previous, aside from film and television, right?
Which I think maybe we might get copyright stung on this by George Lucas.
Yeah.
The inventor of androids.
He's a go-getter.
I think he's droid, not android.
Clark, as you keep fast forwarding through, your parents are killing it.
They took a commanding lead in the very first puzzle.
They were always good at it.
The second folder on this desk, it's the exact same setup with the papers, and on the front
page it says Operation Hole Puncher.
On the second page, there is the logo for the Circle of Knowledge, and then underneath
it it says Circle of Knowledge.
This one is a smaller paper, and the index is just a list of companies.
Myriad is not on that list?
As you go through them, Myriad is not on the list, and they are mostly non-profits, charities,
think tanks, and universities.
Is it small enough that I could maybe flip through to the first few, maybe like an introductory
page and learn what this is, what it pertains to?
It is a list of companies, and then each page of the company has a date, and an address,
and a phone number.
How many companies are there?
There are hundreds.
Okay.
On to the third folder.
Clark, your parents keep winning.
They just keep winning.
They're knocking it out of the park.
Both of them have now succeeded at calling out a puzzle, and they make it to the bonus
round, the final round.
Final Jeopardy, if you will.
I figured they would.
The third folder on the desk is called Operation Three Ring Binder, and it is empty, but inside
one of the pockets in this folder is this item, and you pull it out, and it is a dirty
dog grooming key fob.
Okay.
Keith has a crazy idea.
He opens up that first folder again.
I slip the ring on my finger, and I press it to the page with the M embossment or image.
As you move your hand closer to this page with the image of the M on it, your hands
start shaking, and you get close, and then you press the ring onto the paper, and nothing
happens.
I knew that's what was going to happen, but I wanted to try.
I'd like to open the envelope.
Okay.
Clark, the bonus round starts, and they put the clue up on, but they don't do the letters
yet, and then the bonus letters come on.
RST, that will mean.
Thank you.
Yeah.
And your mom turns to your dad and says, we're already given the best letters.
They solve the puzzle, and win the prize of the wheel of fortune, and the prize is
a honeymoon.
It may as well be.
They win a honeymoon.
Where do they go?
Branson.
Yep.
It's an all expense paid trip to Branson, Missouri.
Four nights, three days.
That's back in peak Branson, mind you, before Andy Williams die.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Thomas, John Lee Pettymore goes to the envelope, and I am now handing Thomas an envelope.
Keith looks at John, Kevin, and I'm just hoping that he just reads it out loud.
He doesn't.
What's it say, dude?
Hold on.
Oh, cool.
You know the wheel of fortune theme song?
That's Jeopardy, right?
That's Jeopardy.
Wheel of Fortune.
I don't know what there's.
That's it.
Wheel of Fortune is mostly like, it's a bunch of the stuff, and there's Wheel of Fortune,
and then it goes into Pat Sajak.
It's wheel.
It's motherfucking Pat Sajak up in this.
Can you just read it out loud though?
It starts with the symbol of the circle of knowledge, and it says faith through knowledge
is just called knowledge, which is the start of Jim Cook's letter disputing the revelations
of the overseer.
All right.
Faith through knowledge is just called knowledge.
Fellow keepers, it is with great sadness I write to you.
I fear a change is coming.
I cannot be certain, but I suspect there is one among us scheming with treacherous intent.
I have recently grown a tail.
He is not particularly skilled in going unnoticed.
He is an odd little man with round glasses on a fat face with no hair and no chin.
He is a journalist fired for trying to write an expose on Marvin Glass.
Stay alert.
Step carefully.
We are being watched, Jim Cook.
And a lot of the letters are either over or underlined.
So I'm just trying to write those out right now.
Round glasses, fat face.
Yeah.
Would that remind me of John Peters?
Didn't he have a round face?
A lot of people have round faces where I come from.
Who was the food guy?
What food guy?
Behind curtain number three.
Harold Dorsey.
Oh, yeah.
Behind curtain number three.
Behind Dorsey.
Yeah, he was a food critic.
I don't know.
I guess he could have been lying.
That was just the first thing that popped into my mind.
It probably isn't, but.
Yeah.
Because I looked up his website.
He was a food guy.
I guess he could have maybe stumbled on something and decided to run with it for a Marvin Glass
thing.
Yeah, probably not.
I don't know.
He was following around.
God damn it.
Who was he following around?
He was following.
He was trying to get.
Maggie Kirk.
But why?
Why was he following Maggie?
Why was he?
Maybe because she's Jim's son and he was following Jim.
But there was a reason.
Well, fuck.
I don't remember.
Probably my notes somewhere.
God damn it.
Okay.
I can't.
Here's this letter.
I can't make heads or tails of the underlying letters.
I got a Macau a GAC.
Is that anything close?
Macau a GAC.
Yeah.
You nailed it.
10 bonus points.
Some of them are overlined.
Some of them are underlined.
I will post a picture of this letter on our Instagram at pretending pod and on our Twitter
at pretending pod.
All right.
So I think I've got to figure it out.
Listening along at home and you want to try yourself, you might want to go to the pretending
to be people Instagram page now and take a look at that letter at pretending pod.
Hop on there.
Pause this.
See if you can solve it yourself because Thomas is about to break this motherfucker wide open.
All right.
So it's two sets of letters.
What was that about Instagram, John?
I don't know.
I was speaking in tongues.
There's two sets of letters here.
Half of them are overlined and half of them are underlined.
The overlined letters spell out Maggie.
The underlined letters spell out Cook.
I think old Jim was trying to tell us that his daughter Maggie is the, the trader he
suspects is among us.
Will you read, will you read that opening, that part where he, dear keepers, it is with
great sadness.
I write to you a fear of change coming.
I cannot be certain, but I suspect there is one among us scheming with treacherous intent.
And then he also, he mentioned his, uh, Oh hell, what did we decide his name was?
The reporter, Harold Dorsey, Harold Dorsey.
So I was, I was mulling that over.
I don't remember exactly why he was following Maggie, but he, he came in and told Drew that
he was going over to Maggie's and Drew said, I'd help you in.
Now that I think about it, Keith, Harold Dorsey just ran a blog.
I don't know.
He was old enough.
He could have had a life in journalism before that.
They said he got axed because he was touching a Marvin thing.
Well, let's look into some of the stuff he was writing about before he started talking
about Marvin.
Did he have an interest in the supernatural?
Talking about Harold, I stepped over Harold with Drew's body to pull him out of that exploding
building.
Harold was following Maggie.
Just Harold, H A R R E L L.
Harold?
Harold.
Okay, let me start that all over again.
Like a man, Carol?
I thought it was Harold Dorsey.
Yeah, I definitely did too because Harold's not a fucking name.
H A R R E L L.
I wrote down Harold.
Hey.
Okay.
Shit.
Kiss ass.
We're going to get you.
Luck, please.
We're going to get you after this podcast, Joe.
Joe gets five luck.
What's that put your luck at now, Joe?
If you're really giving it to me, it makes me 60.
Oh, I'm giving it to you.
I found out the Maggie Cook thing.
It just licked your tain a little bit.
Well, you're really taking a lot of the role play out of this for me.
This has all been an elaborate sexual fantasy for a sec.
Power fantasy, baby.
Anyway, Harold Dorsey, I stepped over him with Drew's body.
Everything is about sex, except for sex, which is about power.
Harold died in the explosion.
Or was he dead already when he walked in?
No.
When I walked in, it was Harold and Drew laying next to each other, puke all over the place,
Maggie's foot cut off, James, the mill worker's foot cut off.
I don't know if he's eating it or not, but a plate full of foot meat in front of him,
bullet in his head, tripped some sort of wire, and I had a split second decision to make.
I drug drew out of there.
I stepped over Harold Dorsey's body.
So our theory right now is that Harold Dorsey, turns out, was tailing Jim Cook, and Jim Cook
surmised that he was a disgraced journalist who had been searching for Marvin.
It's kind of two things that are kind of going against each other.
He was fired for writing about Marvin.
Now we know he had a blog, right?
Have we looked into that?
I thought for the most part it was a food blog, because I remember how we found out
about Harold was the Daily Fud.
Maybe he was obsessed with finding out what foot meat tasted like.
But also, I gotta admit, haven't you been wondering?
This just occurred to me.
He was a food writer, and Gary that runs the Daily Fud was following him around, but Gary
also had images that relate back to the circle of knowledge in the Daily Fud.
He had a bunch of photos up, you're right.
I'm trying to think now, was Gary really trying to get a food review out of him, or
was he following him around because of the circle of knowledge or something like that?
Was Gary following him around?
Gary was following Harold around, and Harold was following Maggie.
Well then I have a little theory then.
It seems that Harold might have been an amateur enthusiast in this sort of otherworldly knowledge,
but perhaps he wasn't really accepted by any of these groups.
The circle of knowledge probably didn't let him in, but he had some suspicions, so he's
following these people around.
Maggie's identified as this traitor perhaps in this note, and maybe he got some word of
that and that's why he was following her.
What if you, as another theory, take out the supernatural elements that we've discovered,
and he just found some connection between the cooks and Marvin?
That could be too.
Not bad, actually.
Occam's Razor.
Well, talking about Maggie, and I know we're bringing a lot of stuff up now, but you told
me, us, I suppose, that Maggie inducted you into this circle of knowledge.
If her dad is saying that, I mean, based off this envelope, that Maggie's not to be trusted.
She's gone rogue, perhaps.
What do you think about that?
What do we think about the order that our two Jim Cook's letters were written in?
Do you think that he suspected Maggie and then decided that the circle of knowledge
was full of the writings of a madman, or the scrawlings of a crazed man, or something like
that was in the first letter that we read?
Do you think, so, I'm sorry, do you think one led to the other, and which way do you
think it went?
I'd imagine that one came first, since he quotes his own phrase, faith through knowledge
is just called knowledge, at the start of this letter.
And perhaps his doubts in their book led Maggie to turn against him.
Well, I think the faith through knowledge is just knowledge is a circle of knowledge
slogan.
Maggie said it to me, actually, herself.
That's not a very good slogan.
Maggie said that to me pretty much verbatim.
She was telling me that she knew I had faith, and she needed me to have knowledge.
That's when she showed me that creature I told you about.
So, when I met Maggie, that's who I would be, that's who I would trust, but learning
all this new stuff, if her own father, if we've deciphered this correctly, her own fathers
may be saying that Maggie Cook can't be trusted.
How much trust do you have in Maggie Cook?
She's the chief, Keith.
I've always trusted her with my life, but the chief died.
We don't even know the focus Maggie Cook is.
I saw Maggie Cook, I don't even know what I saw.
I saw Maggie Cook dead, but you're saying that you saw her alive, and she inducted you
into this thing, and now I've got this letter telling us that she is not to be trusted.
What do we do about this?
Here's the thing is that whether or not she can be trusted, should be trusted, whether
it's her or not, the thing she showed me was real as day in my eyes.
I saw the thing.
It scared the daylights out of me.
But what if she's not showing you the whole truth?
They're only telling you part of her plans.
I'm just saying, if she's telling me that she wants to stop the thing, I would want
to stop the thing.
So, I mean, I guess she could be lying about wanting to stop it?
Well...
I don't know.
I want to stop the thing, fellas.
I agree with that as well.
I mean, we gotta stop the thing, and we can figure out all this, where any alliances lie
later on, but I think at the end of the day we gotta stop, you know, whatever's going
on.
I think Marvin Glass is our biggest problem at this point right now.
Well, he's our most addressable problem.
Exactly, John.
It's something we can do.
Well, and it's something that basically my alliance lies with him at basically blackmailing
me into being his ally.
You've just incurred a debt to him.
Right.
Well, and Kevin John, I mean, what's...
I don't have any loyalty to him, but...
And neither do you, so I think this is who we should be focusing on right now, and I
think we gotta head that way, and I still like our original plan that...
Is there any more documents in this room?
I'll tell you what Clark is wondering about, and so maybe he'll rifle through papers.
Can he find a connection between Jim and or Maggie to Marvin?
The only connection that you would be able to find in this room has already been laid
out, which is a folder that is labeled Operation Three Ring Binder, and has a dirty dog grooming
key fob inside of it.
Didn't Maggie have one of those?
I don't know.
Just John Peters.
How do we reckon that that's a connection?
Oh, I was just giving you a connection between this room and Marvin Glass.
Yeah.
Well, we're operating under the assumption that this room was Old Me's room, right?
Isn't that what we...
That's what I'm thinking.
Or it'd be pretty weird if it wasn't.
So he was collecting stuff about Jim Cook.
No, he wasn't.
He's living in Jim Cook's house.
He's just living in his house.
You're right.
It's probably a letter Jim Cook wrote to him, maybe, if he's part of the survey.
Boy, what the fuck?
Seconded.
Keith walks out the Keith-shaped hole in the wall and says, come on, boys.
Let's go.
Let's go to Marvin's.
This hole was made for me.
Let's go to the glass.
Let's go to the glass.
Let's do our plan.
We have a lot of new information.
There's nothing else that tells me we shouldn't just do this.
Do what exactly?
Do we have a...
We're going to Chewbacca you.
We're going to Chewbacca you.
We're going to...
But then what?
Oh, then we're going to probably kill everybody.
Yeah, I think we're going to have to have a shootout.
So maybe before we go to...
Well, what are we armed with now?
I got my small, powerful gun, but I've just got my service pistol.
Can we hit up a gun store in the city?
Yeah, for sure.
When you guys go downstairs, you would see we had those items sitting out on the kitchen
counter.
Make sure that we got that all accounted for.
The leather holster was grabbed by Jon.
The ring was grabbed by Keith.
Which is around a shoestring on my neck.
Absolutely.
One pube still hanging on.
And there is a Ziploc bag containing the single tarot card of the devil with several bullet
holes in it and a taxidermied baby squirrel.
And as you guys are re-looking over all this, you would notice now that you've seen Clark's
parents when they were young on the TV, you would recognize that there is a picture of
them on the fridge with Jim Cook.
They are posing with silly hats and Jim Cook is begrudgingly smiling.
Does that mean anything to you, Clark?
What?
This picture.
Oh yeah.
I didn't know that they knew each other.
No, I'd never seen that picture before.
Do you think that maybe they had... that maybe your parents weren't just Wheel of Fortune
players?
Maybe, I don't know, maybe we may all be connected in this somehow.
I just, yeah, I just don't know.
Seeing that picture on there, I just was surprised that they knew each other.
I just kind of thought it was neat.
It helped me believe that I was on the good side when Maggie showed up.
That's for sure.
My parents, it was nice to see the parents smiling once again.
Clark, did you grab that VHS tape?
I did not.
Okay.
I finished it though, right?
I saw everything that was on it.
Yeah.
Was there anything in it?
There's nothing like in the episode or anything that sparked any imagination there, but other
than just, you know, seeing your parents.
But you would notice when you looked at the tape itself, it has been played so many times.
That just made me sad.
Right on.
Maybe even like lifetimes of playing over and over again.
If we pretend that this baby squirrel is for sure from Julie Maxwell, does that mean anything?
Does that change anything for anybody or mean anything for anybody, if we take it as fact?
When I saw attacks at everything, I thought of Julie Maxwell, but it didn't really ping
anything in my brain.
Have we had any indication that she was in the circle of knowledge?
Was she in the circle of knowledge?
I don't...
Well, here's another thing.
I don't think so.
Speaking about that baby squirrel bag, that devil card, the devil tarot card, there was
a file at Marvin Glass's plates labeled Satan.
And all that was in it was a picture of a woman with short curly hair, shoulder length
maybe, and a mouth that took up half her face with a look of unbridled pleasure on it.
Did you know her?
No.
But I remember she had a big mouth because that's one of my favorite Netflix original
series.
It really gets to the heart of the torrid storm that rages in a young person's heart
and mind as they go through adolescence.
It gets to the hard on of the matter.
Yeah, there's a lot of boner stuff too.
Surprisingly, Keith Vigna does not like that television show.
You don't like Vigna?
Not really.
Edit, edit, edit, edit, edit.
It's like the only good show about middle school ever.
So devil, Satan, shot, tarot card...
Hold on, that just pisses me off because it makes me feel like you had a really chill
and easy adolescence.
I don't want to talk on this right now.
I want to keep playing the game.
I do want to talk on this.
I don't.
We can talk about it later.
How was your 8th grade just like really nice?
I just want to play the game.
I want to play the game.
Fuck you.
Luke never went through an awkward phase.
Why are you funny?
I just want to focus on what we're doing right now.
I'm into it.
Devil card with bullet holes through it.
You saw a Satan file.
I mean, I don't know what that means.
Well, it's just the last time I saw something, you know, tangentially related to the devil.
So I thought I'd bring it up.
Gotcha.
Seems like maybe both sides of this are eyeing someone.
Hail Satan.
That they, yeah.
Can I inspect the card a little more?
Is there anything else I can glean from it that maybe I missed?
As you pull the card out of the bag, your fingers go over each ridge where the bullet
holes have struck through it and you feel the ridges and you look at the card and it
is a tarot card with bullet holes in it.
Got me again.
Those two things are on my person.
Oh, so back to my hypothetical, does, does Jim Cook owning a thing that Julie Maxwell
might have made change anything for anybody?
No.
I mean, nothing actually connect indicates that they knew each other, but maybe I can't
think of anything.
All right.
I pocket that bag with the contents inside.
Okay.
Boys.
I'm about to storm the gates.
You want to go?
I mean, we had a arm ourselves and, uh, I think we play it by ear once we get inside.
I mean, we, we got our, we got our, we got our, our idea of getting into the depths of
Marvin glasses compound, but once we get in there, Clark, you're probably not going to
be armed.
Cause I mean, unless, unless there's something that you can hide away, cause you're our,
you're going to be our, our, we drag them in there.
He can be loaded to the teeth.
I mean, the second we reveal our, our deception, he starts firing too.
So I think you should be as secretly armed as you can.
But if they disagree, I mean, it should be hidden, but it's not like we should send them
in lightly armed.
No, no, I don't think so either.
But at the end of the day, you, you may be unarmed.
You won't be unarmed Clark.
Don't worry.
I'm going to fucking, but that's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm, I'm just preparing for the worst is you get stripped of your arms.
We are armed up enough.
We throw you something, but we're going to have to fight our way out of the middle of
what I'm saying, man, is the second anybody comes at him to like search him.
That's when we start shooting.
I don't think so.
I think we get all the way to Martin glass until we start shooting.
Yeah.
If it's, if they frisk us at the front door, I don't think we're not going to start shooting
through the front door.
We're going to wait till we get to our pass a speech check or something.
Again, we can come to it when we come to it.
Okay.
Preparing you preparing for the worst.
That's all I'm saying.
I think you worry too much.
I'll put a, the world's going to hell.
I'll put a, man, John actually kind of a group of Keith on this one.
If they frisk us and I've got guns on me, if they're going to ask why you didn't take
them, we just kill those guys at the door.
I don't like, no.
And then we start a shootout and we don't win it.
I think we need to get all the way.
I think we get all the way to Martin glass before we do anything.
We throw a couple of guns to him at the end of the day because they frisk him.
They look at us and they, I mean, they trust us enough, but not more than they trust anybody
else that works there.
So I'm thinking he goes in unarmed.
We go in real armed.
If they ask us why we got arms on us, then we say, cause we got this guy.
He's he's not armed, but he's dangerous.
The other members of the glass family or his henchmen or whatever, does everybody know
that you're John Lee Pettymore in Kevin's body or that no one knows that.
So you, it seemed when we were up in our cages, had a kind of the run of the thing.
Exactly.
You're like captain to him.
Yeah.
I'm way higher up than new Charles.
I think they're going to trust me.
And the only exception is if Rosemary has come back and she thinks we're working against
them now, which that might make it hard to get in in the first place.
But I think we can bullshit our way past anybody trying to frisk you.
You can throw it.
Yeah.
You could throw your perceived weight around.
Exactly.
If they, you know, if they find the guns on you, we just say, we're getting you here in
a hurry and thanks for finding them and taking them off of them and we'll collect them and
move on.
I agree.
Okay.
I'm good with that.
Let's go buy some guns.
Let's head over to the glass compound.
What's that?
The gun store first.
The gun store.
The gun store, I mean.
And then the glass compound.
Welcome to large Eddie's gun emporium.
What's the largest gun you got?
Large Eddie.
Oh, this one right here.
It's the, it's the cutter in half.
Cutter in half?
Barely newer in half.
I step up to the counter.
I've got my only gun on me is my large and powerful gun, but I'd like to have like a,
like an assault rifle on me, like military fully auto assault rifle.
I want to purchase one of those.
Okay.
Do you have a money?
I.
I've got a, I've got a Marvin glass company card.
Yeah.
Well, we're okay.
I've got the credit card in my wallet as a, as John Lee Pettymore says that the guy, his
ears kind of perk up and he's like, Oh, uh, actually if you guys want to come on back
here and he, uh, kicks the back door open.
Thank you.
Large Eddie.
You guys walk into the back room and it is right into his trap.
It's literally, it's just a trap door.
Next week on pretending to be people, it's just us falling for 30 minutes, spy kids.
They're going to talk about what to do next.
Uh, as they're falling, you guys walk back into a room that is a plethora of a madman's
dreams.
What kind of guns do does Keith, does Keith see that he, that he likes?
I don't know anything about guns, but it's all the cool ones.
You get big ones and small ones, red ones and blue ones.
There's some with cool sights on them and others have silencers and there's some big
ones.
There's some shotguns.
So Keith, Keith eyes, a large submachine gun and it's kind of glowing and I stepped up
to that one and I touch it.
It's kind of like cold to the touch and I asked big Eddie, what's this one?
Oh, uh, yeah, sorry.
And he flips a switch and turns off the light that's right behind it.
And he's like, oh, it's just, that's just a real big gun.
That's a nice cold gun.
Cold fusion gun.
It works in cold weather.
Is it, is it a fusion?
Is it a fusion?
Good.
No, it just means it works good in cold.
It's the cold fusion brand firearm.
You never heard of cold fusion?
The most murderous pieces this side of the Mississippi.
Capital C, capital F.
I pick it up and it's about a, it's like a two ARs combined into each other.
Fully out.
Oh, I pick it up, throw it on his card and I sling it across my back because it's already
got a leather strap on it.
Ooh, that's nice.
I want to grab just a few pistols.
You grab a few pistols.
You got him tucked into the waistband and maybe one in the boot, one in the butt, one
in the boot.
I want to grab a powerful pistol with a, with a large magazine and a semi-automatic shotgun.
You grab the two of those large Eddie bows in reverence and you all leave.
Before we leave your gun emporium, do you have any, any smoke grenades, regular grenades,
flash bangs?
Yeah.
I'd like two of each for all my friends and me.
Two of each for all your friends, smoke, flash, and bang.
What are the?
Smoke, flash, bang, and regular fragmentation, original, original recipe.
Original flavor.
Yeah.
All right.
How are you guys approaching this concept to get into the glass?
That is, I think we go right into the front wherever.
Yeah.
So I know pretty well how to get us through there if we go in through the den of sin through
the dirty dog room and uh, the street access.
Okay.
So I, I think I can sneak us pretty deep into this place if we, uh, so we wouldn't even
have to like meet some folks at the front door.
I like that idea.
And then we can walk in there and as soon as we do, as soon as we meet any kind of resistance,
we just say, Hey, we're taking this man personally to see Marvin Glass.
He murdered, uh, not to be the broken record here, but then what say we get all the way
straight to Marvin.
We shoot our way out.
We kind of want to talk them a little bit, don't we?
I mean, yeah, we just got to prove that we can kill the people protecting him.
So we might have to do that, but I honestly, there's like a, there's probably a 66% chance
that this ends in our glorious deaths.
I'll take the 34.
You think it's that high that we, well, I think here's the deal.
We, we have a shoe that we don't kill Marvin Glass.
We shoot everybody around him.
If we got to shoot him, we injure him, but we talked to him.
Maybe he's valuable.
Maybe he's not.
We kill him.
We shoot our way out or sneak our way out and then we head straight to contention.
It's what I think.
Try to find Drew.
You guys are discussing this as you drive into the heart of the city where John Lee
Pettymore knows the alleyway in order to get in to the den of sin and the three of you
strapped up exactly how you want to be prepared for what you're diving into.
You go and step on this large grate on the ground in this alleyway.
John Lee Pettymore pulls the dirty dog grooming key fob out of his hand and lifts it up.
And with that, the three of you do fall through a trap door and begin falling.
