Hello friends engulfed in flames, it's your local firefighter Wolf the Dog and I'm here
to spray your burning bodies down with all the hot gossip and news from Contingent at
694.2 BTBP my babies.
Now this week on Howlin with Wolf, your firefighter Wolf the Dog read some dope shit on the Glass
Canon Podcast subreddit, user BFEvans19 recommended 694.2 BTBP writing, among other lovely things
they quote, wanted to bring these guys to everyone's attention because I think they
bring the same energy to gaming that the GCP does and I expect that a lot of GCP fans would
also enjoy pretending to be people, y'all that shit means so much to your living Lexington
Wolf the Dog.
Speaking of tragedy, it's time for the news.
Last time was basically combat from the time the Robotman blasted the door from its frame,
to when the Robotman almost cut off Officer Bishop's arm, to when the Robotman froze at
the command of Officer Pettymore, to when the Robotman's torso flew out the window gripping
the throat of Officer Vigna.
Thank beans, he poked that terminator top in the eye just in time to escape before the
metal fella exploded like fireworks.
Speaking of fireworks, we got a musical mortar for y'all today and they're here to blow y'all's
brains up with their sound, it's kudzu with no backbone.
You got shit on your balls?
I got shit on my balls, you're exactly right.
I was leaning forward.
That's good luck.
Yeah.
Well, it took me like three wipes of just my balls to get the poop off of them.
Because it like hit full on, I was like, oh, I don't know that that has ever happened to
me before.
I think it's because it's a hot day and I'm wearing black jeans, so I had long balls.
I got two Cadbury eggs today.
At the end of the last episode, the large metal man's torso unattached from its lower
half and a small jetpack began shooting flames from the bottom of its torso.
It grabbed Keith by the throat and flew through the window of the living room into the front
yard.
Keith bit into the mechanical hand and two of his teeth broke off.
Keith then poked its one good eye.
The thing dropped Keith onto the front lawn and then flew up into the night sky where
it exploded like fireworks.
What do you do?
I cheer because I love fireworks.
I think I just moan in pain for a while.
Yeah.
I might be real close to passing out from pain.
I try to get up off the ground, but having, I assume my ribs broken from that crowbar
and then dropped on the ground, I lay down and just kind of like, oh, and just like,
if you can in post, just repeat that like eight or nine times.
That's what I do.
You need to role play that.
Don't though.
Yeah, please don't.
I want to make my way to the front window and just look out.
Keith, Keith, you out there?
Hey.
Oh good.
It didn't take you.
I'm okay.
As you look out, the window is completely broken open and you know, some wind is hitting
the curtains and blowing them about and the cool night air is blowing in on your face
and you're now, after all of the adrenaline of the situation, you all are starting to
feel the extreme pain this metal man has put you through.
Ow!
That metal man put me through extreme pain.
Would first aid help me at all since I'm not like bleeding or anything, I'm just...
You're also just like laying in a yard so you don't really have anything with you.
That's true.
I want to pull my shirt off and try and first aid my arm with it.
All right, go ahead and roll first aid for me.
Uh, fail.
71 on a 30.
Okay.
So I just casually drape it over the blood.
I would like to pull off my cell phone and call the EMTs and have them roll first aid
on us.
That makes sense.
I'm going to get up on my feet out of the yard and try to, as quickly as I can, get
into the house or close to the house.
That way any falling debris doesn't hit me from the beautiful explosion that just happened
above me.
Absolutely.
I'm going to go inside and I see Clark attempting to do his arm up and I'm going to go up to
him, grab his shirt, and try to finish what he started.
I got a 31 on a 60 for first aid.
All right, roll a d4.
Pyramid.
Clark, you get three.
Three hit points back.
It's feeling better already.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You owe me.
That's what any a contention PD officer would do.
I would hope.
I feel like I'm at about seven health.
It's just barely above me, Clark.
And I start to laugh and then immediately my ribs just hurt and I lay on the ground.
John!
John, you okay?
He's like five feet away from you.
Oh.
No.
No.
What about you?
Keith, patch me up.
Keith, go see if you can help him.
Help me up.
Grab my left arm.
I use my good arm.
Guys, you can just stay there, the EMTs are coming.
Wait, what's wrong with you?
I was attacked by a giant metal man.
Yeah, I mean we all were.
What happened specifically to you so that I can first aid you and maybe get you a couple
hit points back?
He tried to pinch my ribs together, but a lucky surgical screw.
I believe there's actually still a hand, a metal hand halfway inside John Lee Pettymore's
side.
Yeah, so instead of answering, I just point to the metal hand sticking in on my side.
Can I tell, is it like broken the skin or is it like...
Yes.
There's a hand in me.
Okay.
Tried to make me its puppet.
I am going to attempt first aid on him as well.
I would like to wait for the EMTs.
Yeah, you should probably wait for the EMTs.
Keith, no offense man, but I want the professionals to remove this hand from my side.
That's yeah, I agree.
Yeah, I'm going to wait for them too because there's nothing.
I look down at my side, my just side is bruised.
I can walk, but it hurts to move my arms and to laugh, which is something I love doing.
Did you guys see a robot?
That was a robot.
I mean, I watched him fly up into the sky and explode like a beautiful firework.
So either he was a robot or...
I'm pretty good at his job as a firework technician.
Can you guys all roll sanity for me?
Ooh, I crit pass.
I crit pass.
Shit.
This isn't the first time I've confronted the terrifying truth about robots in our world.
Ooh, pass.
14.
I failed.
Okay.
Because I was first hand.
Saw it.
Clark, you lose.
No sanity.
I get it first hand.
Nice.
Right, John Lee?
First hand.
Yeah, I get it buddy.
I'm gonna lose one sanity.
And Keith, if you could roll a D6 and have it for me.
One.
I love fireworks, so I was more just stoked than scared.
Before the EMTs get over here, I do want to go sit down at that piano, play a little chopsticks.
When you walk over and sit down at the piano, you start playing it, but no sound comes out.
And when you kind of lean forward and looking inside, there are no strings inside this piano.
Can I do a search to see what I do see?
Yeah.
What do I see?
You see no strings inside the piano.
He rolled an 80 on his search.
You see the inside of a piano.
Is this a guitar?
So I want to stand up and I want to open the bench that I'm sitting on.
Ooh, nice.
As a piano player.
Yeah, I know a couple piano songs.
I saw Billy Joel and Elton John on tour.
There is sheet music for a song entitled The Rise of the End.
Can I put the sheet music up and attempt to play it?
Yeah, I'd do that.
You kind of remember reading music and you can kind of plunk around on this thing, but
it's honestly, it's really hard to play music when you can't hear the music.
Is there anything else in the bench?
No, it's just that one piece.
I want to hobble over to the coffee table and you mentioned there's a tube.
Yes.
I want to look at that tube.
Looking at the plastic tube, you see that there's a cap on one end that screws off.
I'm going to do that very slowly.
Okay.
Snakes pop out.
Exactly.
I thought it was peanuts.
Inside is just a rolled up paper, a bunch of paper that's all rolled up.
I want to unfurl it and glean what I can real quick.
When you unfurl it, you see these are blueprints for a place called Calm Comfy Campground.
Blueprints.
It looks like there is a large lake noted that it is called Lake Calm with an island
on it.
It's spelled with C's, right?
Yes.
On the island is one large building with six small buildings surrounding it.
Ew.
Ew.
Call back.
Comedy, right there.
No, it's mystery.
We're a mystery podcast.
They're very similar.
Yeah, this isn't funny.
We're not supposed to be funny, Luke, and many would say we're not.
I want to check on Randy Angst.
Okay.
As you go to the bathroom, you see an elderly man laying in the bathtub with a beautiful
three piece blue suit on his upper body and no clothes on his lower body.
Hey, Randy, did you poop those suit pants?
When you speak, he kind of like twitches and it smells vile in here and you can kind of
see that the bathtub is a bit dirty.
Yeah, Randy, I'd love to give you a hand, but listen, I think it's a good thing you're
in that bathtub, buddy.
We're going to scare you up another change of clothes.
Why don't you just get everything on you wet and scrub that all off and we'll talk in a
minute.
Okay?
Okay.
Does the water still work?
Did artillery shells take that out or just give that faucet?
Just try to wash the shit off yourself.
Oh, no.
It doesn't look like it.
It's getting hot very quickly.
Okay.
Well, there you go.
Hot shit water.
It smells great now.
The aroma.
Good luck, Randy.
I closed the door.
All right.
Maybe hit that fan on the way out.
When we first came in here, we just looked around the living room and then shit kind
of hit the fan.
I want to explore the house a little more and see if I can find any like specifically
an office.
Maybe.
Gotcha.
Was there a fan in Randy's pants because he shit his pants twice.
Oh, man.
Wow.
Yeah.
That was a weaving avenue.
Cut that out.
Yeah.
Whew.
Not a joke.
That was pretty good, guys.
You know, the last session was really good, so this makes sense.
Yeah, it's okay.
It's okay if this one sucks.
So walking around the rest of the house, it's a really nice house, but it's not that big.
It's only one story and there's no basement to it.
It's a two bedroom, two bath.
Everything is fucking immaculate.
This is an extremely clean house.
As you're going through stuff, it looks like James, who lived here, lived very minimalistically.
Except he's got a statue with a tuxedo and a suit of armor and a giant rose painting
and a piano.
Yeah.
He spent all of his money on nice things.
He didn't stand out starkly in contrast to his minimalized stuff.
He has no furniture, just impressive for us all right.
He was a collector.
Clark, I don't know if you've ever thought about getting into contention real estate,
but this place is now officially a fixer-upper.
The owner's dead.
We've got the estate agent in the bathtub with shit all over his pants.
I think we could negotiate a pretty good deal on this if you ever want to.
Yeah, all you got to do is rebuild the entire home.
Keith, I'm not trying to get in on ... I'm sorry, man.
I don't want to buy a house with you.
Clark, if you want to buy a house, man, I think we should look in on this.
You want to flip it with me?
I want to flip this, yeah.
I don't know how to ... I don't know anything about houses, so I don't find anything that
would pertain to maybe his work at the mill?
No, nothing.
Okay.
Yeah.
No, this is ... Honestly, it's pretty weird how bare and spartan the rest of this house
is.
I'm going to set fire to this fucking place.
You think so?
Not until we own it.
I was personally thinking when you guys were talking about flipping this house, John would
probably know how to fix it.
My guess is that Clark has a pretty dope savings account because he seems to not spend his
money on anything.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I come up, I'm like, guys, is this really what we want to be focusing on right now?
You're all bleeding everywhere.
I put my hands on my head.
John, I do distinctly remember you hours ago saying the only way to fix this situation
is to solve.
Hell yeah, man, but look where we are.
You got to keep your mind open to possibilities.
You just got to keep thinking.
Who is going to buy a house from two contingent PD officers if we don't solve this case?
Nobody.
All right.
That's the smartest thing you've ever said.
I agree.
I'm not a smart man.
I know what house flipping is.
That's where you're not ... You just turn it over, right?
It's like raising a barn.
It's like ... In reverse.
You know how you got to get tires rotated?
Raising a barn, not in reverse, but in a 90 degree angle.
House flipping, yeah.
You flip that on its own.
Actually, house flipping shows would be so much more fucking popular than they are if
they actually just flip the house, yeah.
Do you guys remember when you were a kid, you saw people move houses?
Did you ever see that?
Yeah, we moved houses.
When they moved it off.
Doing the big, yeah.
That's insane.
Yeah, where they get the foundation or whatever of.
How do they fucking do that, and why don't I see that more often these days?
I don't know.
I used to see it all the time.
I feel like I saw it a lot when I was a kid.
I feel like now it's just, I don't know, something about the bubble market, man.
The housing bubble, maybe.
Yeah, the market.
Oh, because they had a bubble around the houses, and now the housing bubble bubble popped,
and now you can't do that anymore, because if it falls off the trailer, the bubble can't
protect it.
The bubble can't protect it.
You're right.
That's it.
When I was a kid, I used to always think in any room that I was in, how I would leave
that room if the room was upside down.
Oh, cool.
That's fun.
That's dope.
Through the door.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's almost always a doorway.
It's like-
We all stop to look around the room we're in, and it's just like, oh, you just have
to reach up a little bit higher for the doorknob.
Higher for the doorknob, and then step over the exit of the doorway.
If you're like a five or six year old, you could probably reach that.
It would be a leap.
If you were in a foyer, too.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, sure.
You've got a taller ceiling going up.
You'd be screwing a McMansion.
Yeah.
I love to talk about those weird high ceilings in McMansions and how pointless they are.
Love tall ceilings.
By the way, the ceilings in this house, very tall.
Yeah, but they-
No, no, no.
Not the house we're in.
The house you're in.
Oh.
Ew, gross.
The house you're in.
The house always you're in.
Oh, that's why the walls are wet.
Okay.
Hey, did I show you guys what was in that hole over there that I fell into?
No.
Oh, yeah.
No.
What is it?
Also, are your legs okay?
Did you break your leg or something?
No, I actually landed with cat-like agility.
Wow.
No, but what was down there?
Was it like-
There's two dead people down there.
Oh.
Oh.
How dead are they?
Yeah.
How dead were they?
Were they decayed?
They looked to be maybe a week or two old.
They're a little musty.
I mean, they're not infants, sorry.
No, no.
I know what you mean.
Yeah, we knew what you meant.
Okay, cool.
The all prevailing and inescapable odor of the dead did pervade throughout the house
when you fell through that hole, but I just assumed, you know, it was Randy.
Wait, so do you think James kept those people down there or do you think-
It looks like they fell into the armor trap, right?
Could they have died from that fall?
You said it was 12 feet, right?
Do you die from a 12 feet drop?
I don't think you die.
Well, you break your legs and if you're down in a pit-
And then you can't get out, sure.
But you don't die from falling 12 feet.
Sure.
You could if you were upside down or something.
He just didn't let them out.
Yeah.
Well, so that's what I'm thinking is, do you think James could be some kind of crazy H.H.
Holmes killer?
Well, so I fell down there and then all hell broke loose, but I used my steely cool to
go through the pockets before I tried to get myself out of there.
I do.
I really get a more, um-
Hold on.
Can I get Ramona out of here?
Ramona, Ramona, let me hold you while you're going in here, baby.
Damn, your house is clean.
Yeah, it is, dude.
Not this room.
Fucking my man cave.
More like a man's grave.
Whoa.
This man cave is more like a man's grave.
So I found a subreddit-
I forgot all about that.
I found a subreddit called man caves and every number one post is somebody doing more like
a man's grave.
Doing more like a man's grave.
Yeah.
That's incredible.
Fuck.
That is shit.
So yeah, I went through the pockets down there on those bodies and they had one of those
symbols in their pockets.
It's the circle with the circle surrounding it.
The six around them, yeah.
Just like these blueprints over here that you also found.
You're right.
That lake has an island on it with a building in that same configuration.
I think it's a clue, boys.
Smells like a clue.
Wait, where was the CCC?
I feed Clark a Scooby Sniff.
Where was the CCC?
Does anybody know where that is?
Oh.
Randy might.
Yeah, I take the blueprints back to the bathroom and like-
Hey Randy buddy.
You getting cleaned up in there?
Warm water is pouring out from underneath the door and it has a slight color to it and
it smells just awful.
Randy, I notice there's a lot of shit water out here.
You doing okay in there, buddy?
The drain is clogged.
Okay, why don't you just try to rub your hand over it and get some of that shit out of the
holes, you know?
I'm trying to stomp it down.
Oh no, that's the opposite.
Do you have any- Okay, listen.
Don't worry about that.
Do you know about the- What was it called?
CCC.
Calm Comfy Campgrounds.
Do you know where the Calm Comfy Campgrounds are?
No.
Okay, well thanks for your help, buddy.
No problem.
Thanks for coming and checking on me.
Can I get some pants?
Why don't you figure out this- Yeah, we'll get you pants, but it really doesn't seem
like you're at pants stage yet if you're still at drain shit stomping stage.
The water is no longer- We're definitely not getting you socks.
The water is no longer running.
And you just hear this like- You just doubling down on that stomping, huh?
I'm trying.
Okay, well, yeah, just keep that up, I guess.
All right, well hey guys, yeah, he didn't know anything about that.
What is that smell?
Oh yeah, that's all the shit water Randy got everywhere.
Probably the corpses too.
Oh yeah, that makes sense.
You look down in the pit, yeah, these two bodies, very, very super dead, skin is already
turned, you know, whatever color.
Hey guys, is there anything else in this house you want to look at, otherwise I'm gonna go
outside and wait for the ambulance, because I think I'm gonna throw up, and I feel like
if I throw up, the pain from my ribs is gonna make me throw up.
Yeah, there's also already a lot of shit water in here, so if you could not throw up on our
new house, that would be- I go out in the front yard and just sit down
on the ground.
The ambulance is coming down the street and pulls into the driveway, which is not where
your cruiser is, because your cruiser is in the yard.
Correct, I might know.
The cool way to park.
When I see the ambulance pull up, I'm probably heading out too.
I'm in a lot of pain.
I stand up and I wave with my left hand, because I assume my right side got hit, yeah, I wave
and call the EMT guys over, and I put them in Clark's direction because I feel like he
has the biggest injury.
I got a sloppy arm, folks, I say to the paramedics as they walk up.
Oh my god, that's incredible.
It hurts real bad too.
What happened tonight, guys?
This is crazy.
Are you related to Drew?
No, you've asked me that before.
This is just what I sound like.
I talk to the paramedic, I'm like, pretty good tourniquet on his arm, huh?
No.
It made me feel better, Keith, don't worry.
We'll get him next time, buddy.
I just look down at the ground and I just wait for my turn to get treated.
We'd love to tell you all about the weird robot shenanigans that happened here, but
we need help.
What?
We'd love to tell you about him.
Yeah, don't listen to him, he's just screwing with you, just help us, just help us.
I look at the guy and I kind of eyeball down to the robot hand still stuck in me, and I'm
like, hmm?
He looks at it and he's like, uh, yeah, okay, we can definitely take care of all three of
you at the same time.
Cool, what should we roll to make that happen?
I take three healing potions.
Yeah, I actually have a Phoenix down, so I kill myself and then put that on me and I'm
back to full health.
Final Fantasy.
Hey, folks out there, you ever play Final Fantasy?
That was a Final Fantasy joke.
I win 95.
Jon is going to regain three hit points.
Yay.
I'm at 12.
Keith regains one hit point.
God dammit.
And Clark regains four hit points.
Nice.
Um, can I ask them for some of their hit points since I did give them some, well, I gave you
four back, huh?
I'm just kidding.
Just kidding, I'm good with six hit points.
I'll just be careful.
I'm at 11.
I'm at, I already said, but I'm at 12.
Okay, boys, what are we going to do next?
We've explored the tuxedo statue.
Did we check out the painting yet?
Yeah, we checked out the painting.
Remember it had all the, uh, we bonded over the bomb making.
That's right.
Oh, do you fellas remember, uh, there was some blood writing in there.
It said, stop her.
Who do you guys think her is?
Who wrote it even?
Do you guys have forensics at all?
Yeah, but not much.
I have 40.
I got 50.
We should maybe like swab that DNA, the blood and see if it's anybody.
If we can like stick it into the database and see if it's DNA that pops up of anybody
that's yeah.
I want to do that.
I want to run in there and take a sample of the blood that says, stop her.
Okay.
Do I need to roll for that?
Cause that just basically, I just want to put it in.
That's very easy.
Yeah.
I'd like to research the piano, I guess.
How 33, what are you doing?
I am, um, re searching, researching that.
So I go into the, um, the inside where all the strings would be and I'm just feeling
around for like loose keys.
I run my hands over the keys.
I'm just kind of checking everything again thoroughly, but this time I did get a crit
success.
33.
You did indeed.
And as you are looking through the empty piano, you would make note of the fact that there
were piano strings in here at a certain point in time.
However, those strings are no longer here.
By God.
Boys, I don't know what it means, but.
And in one small corner now, dammit, uh, were there any other pieces in here?
We got the painting of a Rose.
We looked at, okay, we got tuxedo suit, man.
We got suit of armor.
Did we search the tuxedo?
The tic, the tuxedo statue was the bow tie that moved, that popped up the look at the
pockets though.
Might as well run a hand through.
It's a statue.
It was a statue.
I was picturing a tuxedo on a statue.
It was a guy in a tuxedo statue.
That's gaudy.
Oh yeah.
All this shit is horrible.
He's got the rose paint.
Wait, hold on.
Yeah, let's try his glasses.
Bow tie that moved, Rose painting.
It was a hard hat on the suit of armor.
If you remember what present I acted like I got cook.
It had those things and it had a Rose, it had a hard hat and it had a, was it a bow
tie in the package?
It was indeed.
A silk bow tie.
Do you think the package came from James?
I'm thinking this.
We found James dead with Maggie cook.
She got a gift box with those things in it.
We are at James's house with two dead bodies and a 12 foot pit.
I forgot that she was with him when she died.
Having some kind of foot feast.
It's probably just a coincidence.
I wonder if there's a connection between Maggie and James other than her dad working
at the mill and him working at the mill.
I wonder if they knew each other before all this.
Guys, I think it's pretty clear this is all just one big coincidence.
So I mean, what do you think?
I mean, that is the mysterious present that I took credit for, which you know was a lie,
right?
You know, by this time.
My eyes narrow.
It's like a key.
I go to my gun.
By this time, you know that I'm an incompetent fool, which I would never say if it didn't
benefit me.
It's the perfect cover, though, for a criminal mastermind.
Okay, so how?
We put together the pieces of a puzzle that we don't know what the puzzle was.
Why would he have sent this stuff?
I think we need to go to the mill.
I think the mill's a really good place to go.
I think we need to go to the mill and interview some people.
I feel like we've been trying to go to the mill for half our lives.
I think we need to go to the mill.
Mighty Ducks on three.
One, two, three.
Mighty Ducks.
Mighty Ducks.
Is it quack?
It's quack.
It's quack.
That's super not what they did in that movie, guys.
I know.
I used to do that.
That's my fault.
Mighty Ducks on three.
So looking around this house, do you want to make sure that it's, you know, is it a
crime scene?
What are you doing?
Well, obviously it's a crime scene, but I don't think that the public needs to know
about a...
Two more disappeared bodies.
I don't think the public needs to know about an artillery-shelled robot.
Yeah, I bet a few people do though.
We should get that handbag from those paramedics, run some tests on that bad boy.
The handbag?
The handbag.
The handbag, yeah.
Hey, a guy who claims he's not related to Drew.
What's your name, buddy?
I'm the EMT.
Sweet.
Hey, can I have that robot hand?
Yeah, absolutely.
Thanks, man.
Hey, Mr. EMT.
There's a...
Emmett.
I'm Emmett, the EMT.
Hey, Emmett.
We've got a crime scene here.
We've got a couple bodies at the bottom of a pit that we can't get out of.
Could you send some guys with ropes to pull those up for us and get them over to the corner?
Yeah, I'll call the rope ambulance and they'll be right over.
You're good people, Emmett.
I'm gonna set up some caution tape all around this scene.
You make sure nobody else gets in here.
Yeah, hey, Emmett.
Will you just keep an eye on things?
Listen, we're deputizing you.
Does that sound cool?
Actually, I'd like to not be...
Too late, buddy.
And I'll pin a little Sheriff's Star sticker.
Let's just get Florence over here to...
Who?
Flo.
Florence?
Florence.
Yeah.
Sure.
Let's get Flo over here to patrol until we tell her not to.
Sounds good.
So you're calling Florence directly or...
Bring, bring, bring, bring.
She doesn't answer.
I'll send her a text.
Damn it.
Drew, tell them to relay the info to Florence.
Sounds good.
Yeah, it's not gonna happen.
Hey, Drew, what's the deal with your cousin, Emmett?
What?
Ever since he got gum surgery, he just thinks he's better than me.
I know who that goes, man.
I got some cousins.
It's like, we get it.
You're pretty now.
I do legitimately want to set up a caution tape over the perimeter of the yard, and then
even over the doors and the windows and stuff.
And maybe we could set up some kind of scarecrow cop in the window.
We'll put the tuxedo statue up in a window and put a little badge.
I'm thinking if Florence isn't answering our shit, I would like to have some sort of surveillance
here.
I don't know how we could do that.
Somebody could leave their cell phone.
Oh, no.
I do have a GoPro that streams to my phone that I could just tape up on a wall.
Do it.
I go to my cruiser, and I'm hoping that my other two officers aren't looking at me.
And I open up the trunk, and I look around, and I open up.
My trunk has a false bottom that the spare tire goes in, but I don't have a spare tire
in there.
I just have a bunch of snacks.
And then I have a GoPro in there, and I close it.
So I get the GoPro, and I tape it.
Where is the statue, the suit of armor?
Is that in the foyer?
Those are both in the foyer.
Kind of above and to the right of both of those, I put it up in the corner, and I tape
it up there, and I have it feeding to my phone.
Sweet.
Done.
And I'm kind of sad, because I was going to do some cool ... I've been trying to learn
how to skateboard, so I've been putting it on my helmet while I skateboard, but none
of the footage is useful, because I'm not very good at skateboarding, so.
I think that footage could be useful.
I'm going to go check on Randy again.
I'm going to say, hey, buddy.
Listen.
Splash, splash.
I was thinking about you.
Hey, man.
You know, it's all about keeping that attitude positive.
The door flings open, and steam starts just pouring out of this room.
Oh, you're enjoying this now.
Well, I guess it's good that I caught you in a good mood, because hey, it does seem
to me like the estate has a real fixer-upper on their hands, and I'd be willing to take
this off your hands pretty cheap.
We can talk about that later.
Glad you got the shit taken care of.
Here's some pants.
Hey, buddy.
I need you to do me a big favor.
Why'd you get sweatpants?
So you could shit them again easily?
Okay, you know what?
That all adds up.
So, hey.
We're going to send an officer over here, but we really got to get going, so please
don't sell anything in the next seven hours or whatever, and could you just keep an eye
on things for like 30 minutes, and hey, here's my card, and if any robots come back, do let
us know immediately.
Any?
Oh, God.
Okay.
Officer of Contingent, the Contingent PD will be here to relieve you, uh, presently, but-
Presently?
Yeah, that means soon.
But don't relieve yourself presently again, Randy.
All right, well, thank you, Officer Pettymore.
Yeah, uh, no problem, Mr. Anx.
And he walks out and into the living room, and he points at the legs with the pelvic
area, standing-
What?
Standing on the ground.
Oh, yeah.
And, uh, he just kind of points at them.
Yeah, man, we kicked a robot's ass.
That's all the commotion.
He just, uh, he just sits down on the couch, all right, and just pulls out his phone.
I want to go through the pockets of that robot's legs that I forgot were in the middle of this
room.
Yeah, I would like to thoroughly examine the robot legs for markings or manufacturers.
Maybe even look inside the wiring and sit there in the air.
I also want to check out his robot dick.
Yeah.
What's he got?
Okay, when you go through the pockets of his, like, tactical pants, you find a couple knives,
a bunch of ammo for the weapon he was using earlier, and that's it.
That's all that's in the pants.
John unbuttons those pants, unzips those pants, and starts bringing those trousers
to the ground, and there is, hanging between the mechanical legs of this thing, it's a
real penis.
Look at that, boys.
Okay, so hold on.
I was not expecting-
I was hoping for, like, a key to the end of the game.
I thought it was going to be, like, John Peter's face stares back at you.
Yeah, right.
You see his dick, and branded on it is, a fool.
It's his dick, but there's a green light on it.
Weird tubes extend from the shaft.
Okay, so when you take his pants down to the ground, he is smooth like a Ken doll.
However, on the penis spot, the spot where a penis and balls would be, there is a little
symbol etched into the metal, and it is an M, the letter M, as in Mancy, made of four
double helices.
I would like to do a reverse image search on that logo.
Okay.
Full luck.
No dice.
76 on a 45.
Okay.
If I look at it, do I- does it ring any bells for Clark?
Nope.
Can we get Drew to come down here and take those legs to evidence?
That sounds like a flow job.
No, we won't-
Flow job.
I think we won't-
Flow's coming down here, but eventually she'll leave, so she'll take the legs with her.
Well, we haven't gotten in contact with Flow.
I contacted Drew to get in contact with Flow.
I want Flow to stay here.
I think we should have Drew come down here, take the legs back to evidence.
But then they're just sitting in a room.
It's not like Drew can do anything with them there.
Yeah, but we can do with them at some point.
I'm with you.
I think we should do that.
If they stay here, then they're just going to go by the wayside.
There's three of you and one police cruiser, so you can take them with you if you want.
Yeah, we can just take them.
Ooh, let's take the robot legs.
Yeah, but I feel like if we take the robot legs with us, they're going to attack us
at some point.
Then we can get them at a jump point.
And-
No, let's take them.
We might be able to figure out a way to ride them.
Scarecrow cap.
Well, it's two against one, so all in favor of having Drew take them back to evidence,
say aye.
Aye.
Aye.
All in favor of taking them with us to the mill.
Aye.
Aye.
Okay, so I-
It's cute that you think this is a democracy, Keith.
I-
We'll throw them in the trunk there, Keith.
That way they can't get to them.
We'll take real good care of them, buddy.
Yeah, we'll throw them in the trunk of my cruiser.
Great, guys.
Okay, well-
What, are you afraid they'll ruin your snacks?
You don't know that I have snacks in there.
We know about your snacks, buddy.
I sit down on the ground, I'm like, you guys can do whatever you want to do.
Apparently this isn't a democracy, so I'll just do whatever you guys want to do.
Why'd you say it like that?
He's mad.
Keith is angry.
I will stand up when we go to the mill, but I'm driving my fucking car.
He's got the best drive.
Me.
I have 40 drive.
70.
Yeah, well, it's my car, so I'm driving.
Actually, I don't sit down on the ground, I go sit in the driver's seat of my car and
wait for the other two officers.
John, you want to help me lug this into the trunk?
No, but sure.
Yeah, we lift it and carry it over to the trunk.
Oh, that makes the ribs sore.
Right before they get-
Oh, yeah.
Right before they get to my car-
I don't think I can carry it.
Taking one arm.
One arm.
Yeah, I get to the ankles underneath the armpit there.
Right before they get to my car, I do the lock, unlock game with them.
I lock the trunk right before they try to open it.
I fire my gun into the air several times.
Keith, do not play this shit with me today.
You hear from inside the house, oh, no.
Sorry, Randy.
I hear the gun shoot off, I'm like, ah, I don't want to test it, so I unlock it and
then-
Oh, I put the legs in the trunk.
No, I lock it right before they open it.
I'm laughing, but it hurts.
The first time I do it, it hurts my ribs to laugh, so I just unlock it because I'm like,
I can't keep doing this.
It'll be too funny.
So it's unlocked.
I open it.
And then I lock it right before.
No, it's unlocked.
At this point, I'm just like hurting and tired and mad.
Delta Green.
Why you do?
Oh, how can you have enough drowning out of the noise?
With no mind at all.
No mind at all.
No mind at all.
Fight, fight.
Stream it out.
