Hey y'all, it's Zach. Sorry for not being wolf, he'll be on momentarily, but first I have a quick announcement and a request, a plea, I'm begging, it's a bag.
The announcement, you may have noticed we released a trailer for this first season of pretending to be people here on our RSS feed.
We've also uploaded said trailer to YouTube, yeah! I'm so abso-fucking-lutely stoked.
This has been on my to-do list for two years now and crossing it off,
I won't go into detail, but it feels good. I have poured everything I am into this show and I'm
immensely proud of the result. And the fact that my best friends and I have been able to stay close
and create this story together, it's really meaningful. Shit, okay, on to the request, the plea,
the bag. Please, please, you've listened to so many hours of this campaign and like
three and a half years of our bullshitting banter, so I beg you, please share our trailer
for pretending to be people season one everywhere. Reddit, Discord, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook,
fuck Mark Zuckerberg, everywhere. It would make me feel good. And as Wolf says, the link
is in the show notes. Seriously, thank you all so much for listening. We have horribly delightful
things in store for you after season one, so hold on to your horses by their sick BDSM gear
and get ready. Now over to you, Wolf. I have a question for y'all, my adoring fans. Do you
prefer your bread to be moist or unmoist? Before I answer, you should comment down below what y'all
prefer. And don't forget to like, comment, and subscribe. And before I answer, this question
was brought to you by Wet Bread Incorporated. They make bread wetter. So anyway, I, of course,
like my bread moist and sloppy. You throw a couple of slices of that good year old bread
into a bucket of room temp milk, let it sit for a month to 10, and you got a damn stew going.
And oh yeah, this is live from 694.2 PTBP, the only channel that offers you at least a baker's
dozen of new songs every week. This Howlin' with Wolf is from Brendan, who lives in San Diego.
They tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pod. Just one of the many ways
you can help to make sure your favorite wolf's trash stays good and wet. They write,
Wolf, it's me. I was able to use the gun again, and I think this is the right time stream.
Things are really messed up. We have to make sure we keep those myriad monsters from stopping the
contention boys from fulfilling their destiny. Remember to keep checking the trash for the
updates from the head office. Your friend, Dog the Wolf. Head office? Head office? You think there
are powers that are above my own in this world, Dog the Wolf? Dog the Wolf, if that even is your
real name, what a stupid piece of shit name you have that no one would ever take seriously.
If you write this show again, I'm gonna find you, Dog the Wolf. And when I do,
well, I'd probably give you a big ol' hug. But then I'll banish you back to your own time from
whence you came. And remember, I don't make the rules, except for when I decide to. If you want
to write up something for your sourdough damsel, Wolf to Hal, tag at PretendingPod on the dadgum
internet, or write up a five star review on Apple Podcasts. And let my producer know you did so by
dropping an email to pretendingpod at gmail.com. Fuck Mark Zuckerberg. Follow at PretendingPod
on Instagram though. Fuck Jack Dorsey. Make sure you follow at PretendingPod on Twitter.
And fuck Jack Conte. Subscribe to Pretending to Be People on Patreon. Discord sick though,
no doubt. Follow along with our little community over there. All the links? Guess where they are.
Hyrule? No, you fucking nerd. The links are in the damn show notes. I am the segue, and the truth,
and the life. No one cometh unto the news but by me. Last time Rose Mary performed its predictable,
prepared, profusive prose. Though the production proved powerless due to a pitiful pun,
John stood his well-lit ground, shed the skin of his father, and began to alter the stage for what
is sure to be a main event level brawl. Don, Keith, and Clark ran for the shiny black building.
They were met by a chanting chorus, a singing swarm, a reciting circle, a luminous land liturgy,
a crooning crowd that consisted of close to all the characters that have been in this show so far.
Except for me. But like, I am here. I'm not looking around. I'm, uh, fuck. This new world's
got me feeling like a child called David after he visits the first Randy Angst. Is this going to be
forever? If so, that's fine. I've got Dragon in 3 with What Kind of World Are You Living In?
On top of the water, Mary and Caroline, I'm on the borderline, leaving my mind at your altar,
crossing the double line, doing it every time. Tell me what kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
Farts and Buttons. This 10-story tall creature with Rose M-A-R-Y atop it begins to trudge forward.
You see little technicolor beams from in front of you as you're running toward this building begin
to, as people start appearing on this luminous land all around you. As they hit the ground,
they're confused about what's happening. They're looking around. You see they're feeling their skin
like they were just recently covered in ooze. And now they're here. And you see with each
new person that arrives in this place, the beast grows even larger. You're running away,
but as you turn back and look over your shoulder to see, I mean, this thing is growing and growing
and Rosemary is just cackling into the sky.
And with one arm, this beast swipes at Silas Cole, picks him up off the ground,
and as Silas Cole is devoured by this fist, he is no longer visible.
Black and red light starts coming out from the hole that Jon has made in the ground.
And the air around you sounds angry. Keith Vigna, your counterpart,
you sent him to his seeming demise. It's your turn.
I'll just keep running. Clark.
I want to say real fast that we started doing some goof-em-ups, but when you were describing
seeing the town, I was getting nostalgia waves of joy with each person. When you said Gary
Daly was dressed to the nines, I was like, oh, Gary. That was really cool. That was really cool
to see all of our old friends. Now you get to die alongside them.
Clark is hearing that chant. Is that ringing a bell for him? Joe's, I guess, asking, is this
the chant that he had heard back when he was here previously? Yes. As this thing reverberates in
your head, you kind of think back to the moment you were in the circle of knowledge. Chief Maggie
Cook places this thing, this little bug-like creature with round circular mouths on the
bottom of your left foot, and you're sent to this place where these 12 figures are chanting up to
this beast. This beast that now in your memory looks tiny compared to this thing that you're
running away from, but at the time brought you to your fucking knees. And as you were weeping,
you just heard, Sha-ka-tee-fa-leet-ya of all the overseers. Sha-ka-tee-fa-leet-ya of all the overseers.
Clark is kind of with Reckless Abandon going to run toward that group, and he's singing along.
I don't know if he can find a way to get into the circle, but he wants to, he's like,
Sha-ka-tee-fa-leet-ya of all the overseers. Sha-ka-tee-fa-leet-ya. And I'm kind of emotioning
to the guys around me like, come on, come on. As you begin chanting this,
a light beams straight up into the dark sky from the middle of this circle, and a figure begins
rising with both of its hands out from the middle of this inner and outer circle that are going
in counter and normally clockwise directions. And you see a light emitting up into the air
from this humanoid's face. It is wearing dark robes, and it removes the hood above its head,
and there's a cowboy hat. Like a no-shit, like John Wayne-style cowboy hat on top of Clark Bishop
with black robes about 10 feet off the ground in the middle of this. And you, with your immense
power, chanting this same chant has given the overseer an overwhelming dose of unnatural power.
Yes, dude. Sha-ka-tee-fa-leet-ya. Clark has a lot more gusto in his chant as he sees this happening
before him. He is groovin' to it. Don, as you've gotten closer to this towering building,
this building that once looked huge, but again, with the perspective you have in this world now
with this creature behind you, this building doesn't look so tall, maybe three stories,
four stories. You hear the phone ring, and it's ringing from the top floor of this building. You
know it to be true in your Pettymore heart. You always trust a Pettymore heart. Just shut up,
Zach. Don't squint at me and frown. No, yeah. Donnie Pettymore's gonna run. I don't know.
Does the building have doors even? Like, I don't know. Is it like an unnatural? Yeah,
you kind of run past this huge group that's chanting, not giving a fuck about the thing
that is tugging at the heartstrings emotionally of the other three PCs in this situation,
and you can head right into the door of this thing. Yeah, I'll kind of push my way through
the crowd if they're in the way. Yeah, love it. Even rudely so, just knocking someone over.
I gotta get to that damn phone. You make it all the way up the stairs. You just fucking
sprint through these people into this building, up the stairs to the top floor. You see a small room.
There's a table made out of this inky black substance that the entire building is made out
of. There's a candle that is lighting this room that's sitting on top of this table,
and the candle is giving off the only light in this room, and it is illuminating two objects
sitting beside it on this desk. One on one side of the candle. There is an old-timey radio with
strange glass tubes, one of the glass tubes of which is broken, and neither the red nor the
green light are lit. On the other side of the candle, there's an old rotary phone.
Jon. Like a bad 3D animation, the ground where Jon was is just sinking and sinking deeper and
deeper, and this red and white light is coming out of it, this angry light, now that you've seen
Silas be destroyed. And all you see this turn is that it suddenly goes out. And in its place,
a technicolor swirl begins to appear. This spinning mass of people who are treating
the overseer like the top of a mayday pole as they weave in and out of each other. Now,
you've got the inner circle going one way, the outer circle going the other way, and before they
were purely inner and outer, but now they're weaving in and out of each other, passing left,
right, left, right, like a do-si-do, but never quite connecting arms in order to spin around
in a small circle before carrying on with a new partner. And they head toward this foe.
The monster? Yeah, sorry. This gargantuan behemoth. Big baddie.
Dripping with shadow. The big bad evil guy, if you will. As these dancing, singing, chanting
people from all across space and time and this specific campaign move toward this enormous
creature, it had just swiped down and grabbed consumed Silas Cole with one of its hands,
and the other arm swings across and takes out about half of this mass of people as it swipes
through backhanded like the second swing in a petty more slap. An uncle slap. Ouchie ouchie,
they all say. I felt a great disturbance in the force as if millions of voices suddenly cried
out ouchie ouchie and then were silenced. And with that half of the luminous land liturgy,
this group of two intertwining circles chanting has just been consumed by the arm of the Gigantum
Repithecus in one swing. So let's play a game. This game could be fun. This game could also
be not super fun, depending. Are you going to force us to gamble the lives of the contention
for townsfolk? You're evil. This is sadistic. You're an evil, evil man. The dice tell the
story. The dice tell the story. And since I can't trust any of you, I'm going to need your cameras,
like Thomas is doing now, to show me the dice rolls that you will be making. I'm going to
assign each of you a group of NPCs, or former PCs, and you will roll, if you roll under 50,
that NPC survives.
I wasn't looking, what did Joe do? None of anyone's business. He was rolling his dice.
Down by his wiener. Showing us his dice. This is a very serious moment.
If you roll under 50, the NPC that you were rolling for in that moment survives the attack.
If you roll 50 or over, they are consumed. We're going to start with Justin.
Justin, show me this roll. We'll roll individually for most NPCs, but for the first three,
we're going to put them in a chunk. They're all right next to each other. We've got the Old West
folks, not the PCs that you guys played, but we've got the bartender, the piano player,
and a gambler named Thomas. Kill them. They all have friend branded across their foreheads,
and they have a raccoon, a chunky kitty, and a handsome dog. You better not kill them.
Justin, don't kill these people. So roll for their life. Like RuPaul says, roll for your life.
Under 50, survive. Over 50, survive, but a little worse for wear.
Are you sure? That's my vote.
Well, rolled off camera. Well, I don't know where to put it. It's too tiny. There's a two.
Wait. Okay. Show us the important one.
Yeah. 32. So good. You got that roll out of the way. Now roll for Jack Pearlman.
Why did you make me do the good one first? That's right.
There's no way this is going to land on camera, but we can pull that camera a little bit further
away. That way I can watch your fucking hands. I got a 40. Yay. I'll show you.
Right on. And with that, Jack Pearlman,
the bartender, piano player, and gambler named Thomas, all from our old west of contention
have survived. Yay.
Next, we're moving on to Joe. Boo.
Listen as if you didn't know Joe and Justin are feuding this week.
No, Justin knows that I've been rolling really bad lately. So
everybody he throws up is about to get swatted right now.
Well, we're starting off with a pretty, pretty easy one. No one will care if they disappear.
It's Drew Andrews' body. Councilman Terry pages is likely inside.
His corporeal form, but not as like soul or memories.
And the excitable black lab, Tyler. Tyler.
It's an eight. Yay.
Well done. Well done.
All right. Next up, Harry clinker with an old distinguished proud.
Don't kill clinker.
What's it going to be? That boy's dead. It's a 62.
Damn. Oh no.
God damn.
Harry clinker stops chanting at the moment that this behemoth's arm is swiping across toward him.
His eyes get big. He looks down at this old distinguished gray dog,
pulls out a slice of white bread with some cut up hot dogs on it and feeds it to the dog.
Oh yeah. That's right. That's right. Good job. You're done. Good boy.
As they both get fully consumed.
Next up, I'm going to roll for old Everett Pace.
Okay. Oh shit.
Joe Terry.
Everett survives. It's a 45.
I'm so glad to stay around.
Good job, Joe.
Jack Pearlman fires a gun off in celebration.
Luke, your turn. We've got two people for you to roll for.
First is going to be Mildred Mitchell, rainbow earrings, her face completely bruised and swollen
from her last encounter with the contention PD and on her shoulder is an old gray squirrel.
22.
They survive little squirrelly.
And next is Gary Daley with the golden retriever named Bean.
He's putting your own dog in it.
That's so sad.
And it's a seven.
Thank God.
There you go.
Whew.
All right.
Bean lives to see another day.
This is going so, so much better than I expected.
Whew. My heart was racing for Bean.
Thomas, first up, your uncle, Jimmy Sanders with a possum.
Okay.
Yeah. Roll whatever.
Yeah. Thomas was like, this one can go over 50. That's fine.
Yeah.
Rolling in a terracotta pot.
He rolls 53.
Over.
Who's going to make our sandwiches?
The possum was named Common.
He was a NPC from Contention Critter Coalition, one shot.
Okay. But an NPC, not a PC and not a dog or a cat.
Just a possum.
Some people love possums and keep them as pets.
Fun fact today for you.
The John Ball shrieks in white hot rage like, I will avenge you, Jimmy.
Jimmy completely hears and understands that as he's fully fucking insane.
His eyes have been just as dilated as they ever were on any of his many shrooms trips
while he's been in this world.
And he's honestly been having a pretty good time.
So as he's consumed by this endless darkness within the arm of this gigantic creature,
he takes the possum, he takes the possum by the front two legs,
stares into its eyes and says, down to the next one.
That fucking rules. That's how I want to go.
Never go to a second location with a possum.
They're probably just playing dead.
Yeah.
Professor Horace Green holding the decapitated head of preacher Sheriff Dr.
Bobby Custard is up next.
I love this character so much.
Please don't die.
Fuuuuuuuuck.
That's a death.
What is it?
81.
Oh, that's too much.
I don't remember what that character voice was.
So that's personally...
Professor Horace Green?
Oh, I just like this.
I just meant like I'm glad I wouldn't have to be playing him since he's dead.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Perfect.
Good timing.
Now, can you play him real quick as he dies?
Now, play him at his most important moment.
Of all the wonders I've stared at in the natural world.
He says as the gigantron propithecus is swinging its arm towards him.
I never thought I'd imagine I'd see anything so beautiful.
And a smile crosses his face as he's subsumed into the creature.
Love it.
Love it.
Now, the last one.
Carrie Page's body.
Oh, no.
Drew Andrews inside with Salem the cat's body.
Oh, God.
Agent Trent Chad.
I hope God loves me enough for this role.
Everyone, if you could bow your heads.
Have you done your apples today?
I'd like to say a quick prayer.
Yes.
Drew lives and so does his corporeal form.
Hell, yes.
Thank God.
We got both Drew's.
Yeah.
Guys, this is literally, this is like fucking Thanos snapped and only Hawkeye disappeared.
I don't really understand that reference.
The song decibel level is cut in half as a large portion of these chanting individuals
are soaked up into the arm of this massive monster that then grows and grows its arm first.
About twice the size it was before as the ooze slowly forms out over the rest of its being.
And Rosemary leaps from a top now 15 stories off the ground and lands.
Her body does not touch the ground as the four tentacles from the back of her neck slam
themselves into the luminous land below.
And it kind of holds her up and she makes direct eye contact with the overseer.
Keith, it's your turn.
Am I just like following Don or how about I tell you, I'm just following Don.
And I get into the same room that he's in with the one candle
and I look around and it's just everything is dark except the candle.
And I just stare right at the candle and go over to it and blow it out.
And then I just lay down on the ground and my heart rate kind of slows down and I just take a
ah and lay on the ground.
The traditional action turn of a Delta Green character.
Clark Bishop, it is your turn.
And take a breather, take a little nice nap on the ground.
Yeah, Clark is gonna lay down and
No, Clark wants to he's been this whole time he's been doing his best to kind of keep up with the
steps that somehow everybody already knows this this circular dance he wants he doesn't want to
look stupid so he's trying his best to keep going in that dance he stumbles over some people here
and there but he's wanting to make his way up to get as close to Clark Gold as he can
or the overseer and he wants to kind of shout
hey um I'm here I think I did thanks I thanks thanks for getting us here I think
I don't know what I'm supposed to do now could I do I do you need me to do something
with pure anger in your own eyes he looks down at you haven't you already done enough
I I don't I uh I don't know if that's a rhetorical question or not
uh I feel like we've been doing a lot for sure Thomas is offended keep chanting fucker
uh okay I don't you no need to be rude we're just I you were pretty cryptic but you brought
this thing down here from up there right I was keeping it up there oh well I mean you weren't
here when I did that I'm getting a lot of hostility from me I feel like we've been doing
a lot of your bidding and pretty cryptically too if you could have just told me not to do that I
would have not done that that seems kind of it's I'm sorry I'm sorry I don't mean to be mean
you're being mean it just got me uh I'll keep chanting if it's gonna help he looks down and
gives you like a hand motion of like okay start please uh Clark now is kind of side-eyeing him
angrily chock teela overseer he's lost all his gusto he was really feeling like things were
going good here and his feet are like shuffling back and forth not very shark teelie and overseer
the wind got sucked out of his sails pretty quick there um roll unnatural please oh my god
I'm using different dice I've been rolling bad all night I'm using these purple dice here here we go
it's a contest I win I mean I pass I don't know if I win yet uh it's a 31 on a 63 uh with a 37
Clark you begin chanting with more gusto than you even had before as he looks down at you and says
a few words under his breath you are unnaturally compelled to worship the overseer oh shit
teela you turn out to be a dick all right so uh it is on deep anymore's turn um I'm in the room
with the phone and I think I he finally stops muttering to himself as he's like shocked into
the present right now it's it's here I John it's here John and he kind of looks around you see
Keith on the floor well but all all around you you you hear though you just hear I'm with you
reverberating in the room around you who the hell's this kid with me and I and I point to
is there any light in this room right now no it's completely dark it doesn't matter and I
grab the phone and I'm like we got it we got to get back we got to get back that's what you say
into the phone no I'm just like saying it to John I think since I think he's in my head I'm just
gonna stay here this is a nice dark room I uh pick up the the the receiver or whatever I don't
know what the hell the old timey phone probably should have looked that up the handle it's called
the talkie banana you grab the talkie banana grab the talkie from when phones were called talkies
right yeah before we got the visual does don have an innate ability of how to actually use the phone
no he's never used a phone before no this specific phone does don know what telephones is
only talk telephone are know what he does that like I I guess that's a real thing now but like
don is not gen z he's used a landline right yes no 100 I think he meant the unnatural ability of the
phone how does he use the phone with a capital u I guess if I walked up to a supernatural phone
I would just dial like 666 or whatever the spookiest number I could think of and then I
assume that's how it worked Satan Satan but I was in my history did do I know like the number I'm
supposed to dial to to do the things as you put it up to your ear deciding what phone number to
dial with this rotary phone you hear is is anyone there can can you help
this is agent victor
v-i-c-t-o-r
oh
we need help down here I start breaking down like a little bit
was that a hang-up noise all right there's a hang-up noise yeah discord cut you off a little
bit there yeah okay yeah yeah cut off sorry oh that makes um real quick luke that peacock
password you gave me a week ago that wasn't right what's your peacock login info
what the fuck uh I'll text it to you I was like I'm putting this on the episode if you say it
as the tone rings through my face just like completely like just falls and I'm just like
kind of staring into space and I drop the receiver out of my hand this was this was this is why I
can't this is supposed to fix things it's what what happened keith you hear him saying this is
you're the only other person in the room you didn't hear what was on the other end of the line
but he's devastated what's wrong this is just enjoy what's around you are you
are you fucking kidding me what the fuck is wrong with you boy oh nothing at all right now he uh
grabs you by the collar again like he did earlier when he was trying to help you but much more
threatening this time keith is just extremely relaxed and and kind of limp john it's your turn
the small hole that had been like deepening sinking into the ground has expanded it
disappeared in a flash and there's there's a there's a technicolor swirl there now
it's whirlpooling around in light and and sound and if you were near the whole wind
all of a sudden it's so much bigger than the little silver ball and it grows and it grows
and it grows the light kind of disappears from it and all of a sudden you see like the night sky
and from what to you is the ground but what to them is is the air falls upward planet juggernaut
keith beans and clark bishop and a john lee pettymore
holy shit keith and clark are both wearing bomb squad gear like the hurt locker
and you would recognize this as the gear that they had on in the scrap pit
john looks confused but relaxed keith and clark literally still have like the bloodlust coursing
through them from the arena you see clark has these these weird gloves on they're like
magnetic pneumatic hands and he's kind of like punching them and he's ready for a fucking tussle
after he gets over his brief surprise when like gravity flips on them and they fall from the sky
up into your world keith has his nitro gun that he used to freeze 37 members of the of the crowd
on family night at the scrap pit and in his other hand he has this crossbow that appears to shoot
the blades from like circular saws and john looks like he's just come from a couch his shoes are off
he's you see his like sweaty socks he's he's still got this huge look of surprise on his face from
where planet juggernaut clark bishop and keith but not the clark bishop and keith from his timeline
have collected him from the house of clark bishop's parents after after he watched keith
disappear into into a door and clark disappear into his book and he took a moment to just watch
wheel of fortune at clark's house that's this john he doesn't look ready for this world like
like keith and clark do and planet juggernaut but the whole like they shoot up out of it and then
kind of plop down as they as they encounter the gravity of this world and the hole disappears
underneath them it just sucks back up and they land on solid ground in fighting pose like in
an anime or like cartoon fighting style fucking clark and keith are down at the base of this
towering planet juggernaut who also has his hands out with his mickey mouse gloves and he's got them
he's got them ready for a fight as well john falls out of the air and lands flat on his back
and doesn't know what's happening and above above it all you see a tiny silver ball just like
floating and the camera pans around to where we see a 2d scene essentially like a fighting video
game and on the left side of the screen we have gigantam propithecus and rose mxry versus the
overseer and planet juggernaut out of a tiny vacuum in planet juggernaut you see these two
you know like when the urakai get born in lord of the rings when they're pulled out of the muck
out of like those kind of sacks the two announcers from the scrap pit get thrown
and land yes let's take a look at the situation right hand here if it was up to me to decide
what's going on here i'd say we got a pretty good fight on our hands what do you think dick
it seems we've just been birthed into existence and that is absolutely wild but i am all for
whatever's about to happen fuck i didn't even realize that it happened i just got hugged by
mickey mount i was just recently hugged by planet juggernaut and now we are here is this
heaven or is this hell i think it's maybe somewhere in between hey what were our names
i don't remember i don't know that part i do the last thing that happened rick and uh those were
the other brothers yeah those were our cousins those are cousins your cousins because you took
a moment of silence to remember them um i'll give you guys a second to compose all this while i
while i piss because even i didn't know i was gonna spit those characters back out into this
until i just did it uh yeah that was fucking amazing that's so fucking good nick and mick
nickels this is so incredible who is who even we don't know anymore
what do you think about that nick well nick i can say with all certainty i'm definitely not
i'm definitely not nick i think oh god if i'm mick it's and you're not it's happening again
oh here we go round one
mary caroline
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
