This is weird. Can y'all hear me? Because all I'm doin' right now is thinkin' real hard towards y'all soft gooey brains.
Ha ha ha ha. My powers are weird and ever-changin'.
I am telepathin' live from 694.2 PTBP straight into your mind cavity.
It's your Espa that's the besta. Wolf the dog. I wanna give a resoundin'
awwwwwwwwwww
to all of you who donated to the bail project. Y'all raised $6,654.
And I got one final winner to announce.
The fifth person to receive an official PTBP t-shirt is Roxy from Hamburg, Germany.
Congratulations, Roxy. Damn, I wish I coulda won one of them shirts.
I kept mailin' that Zach idiot all kinds of dumpster treasure that was worth at least $5.
Anywho, yesterday I was dippin' into a bucket of applesauce and it was somethin' special.
You probably wanna know how ol' Wolfie makes his special sauce.
Applesauce is when I let all the apples I steal from dumpsters around town
sit in a bucket until they change from a solid to a sort of delicious slurry of a sauce.
You can dip all kinds of shit in it. Other less liquid apples, baby carrots,
tortilla chips, or like your whole body before goin' out on the town to find a new honey to love on.
But I digress so that I may digest the news.
Last time, our three mentally exhausted anti-heroes?
Not quite heroes, though. Not yet fully villains, though either, I suppose.
Our broken protagonists raced through the tunnels under the town of contention.
When they popped out at Bean's Pond, they saw a different reality than the real one.
Asher and Avery Little gave it the best shot, but they were unable to grasp retribution for the missing children.
And with that, these boys erased the final two pieces in the Little family puzzle from this plane of existence.
The veil was lifted. Bishop, Pettymore, and Vigna saw the truth of their situation.
Casey Kristoff is holding Carrie Page's body at gunpoint.
Pastor Adam Kane is on the four-wheeler gunnin' it down into the former pond toward Keith with the helmet on.
And a hell-bent black cat on the back atop the radio with its green light lit.
And I have been given the green light to drop this brand new track on y'all's here in contention.
Get ready to add this smash of a banger to your apocalypse playlist.
It's kudzu with no backbone.
Hello, everyone. Welcome to Pretending to be People.
My name is Zach, and I am your handler, or your gum, as some might say.
Who says gum? Nobody.
Guys, why don't you do the intro we do?
I've always called you my handsome-ler, so I don't know what your gum thing is about.
That's very sweet, but why aren't you guys doing the intro?
This is the 85th episode. We've done the same intro every time.
No, no, no. The intro of this show is that Chris the cat introduces a cool new song every once in a while when he feels like it.
Not every time.
Is it Chris? Is it Chris the cat?
Frank the parrot.
That doesn't sound right.
I think it's Pete the parrot.
Craig the cow.
Craig the cow, that's right. That's it.
I can't believe we all forgot that.
Hey, guys, why didn't you think anything about Casey Kristoff?
We just improved a lot of work for Justin.
I tried to think about Casey Kristoff, but we kept talking to other people in the room, and then we had to leave.
I heard Craig's snarky little comment about how we just ignored him, but personally, I never noticed him in the first place.
I internalized that he was not paying attention to the book he was reading, so I knew he was overhearing us as we spoke.
I just thought that it was going to turn out that he had a bunch more information to give us, and then we never got to talk to him about it.
I'm so mad at the people playing real playing games when I'm listening to their podcasts all in a row.
I'm sorry, the dog. Cut this whole part out. The dog. Anyway, Craig the cow.
Do you know what the best song of 2018 was? It's Again and Again by the Dave Matthews Band.
What's your source on that?
Ultimateclassicrock.com.
Shouldn't they not keep us updated on current music?
Guys, I was at the grocery store today, and I saw this dude in his mid-40s rocking a Dave Matthews Band O2 tour shirt.
I've just never been more proud of somebody for being themselves.
I got a minor in possession charge outside of a Dave Matthews Band show when I was 18 years old.
Who hasn't?
All of us except for Zach. This is the dog corner I was talking about. I'm sorry.
Our audio is still far better than many other quarantine podcasts, so it should be fine.
Throw your dick down, babe. Go!
I put in work to make sure that that's true, motherfucker.
Hell yeah.
Luke, any issue with Casey Kristoff before you dive into another song from another list on the internet?
What do you mean, any issue? Fuck that guy. I have all issues with him. What do you mean, though?
Nobody did anything about what was clearly a character who was eavesdropping.
I think if you go back two episodes, maybe, I said something like,
I want to talk to Kristoff, but if we're still talking to this girl, let's finish that up.
I think those exact words came out of my mouth.
I don't think we were going to just completely dismiss him, but, you know, things happen.
People explode a little bit and beat up an old lady. It happens.
Something fell out of Mildred Mitchell's pocket. A piece of paper fell out of Mildred Mitchell's pocket.
Did I pick it up? And it had some writing on it. You just looked at it. You didn't pick it up.
Did I read it? You did. What did it say again?
It says, Iyinaha fersat sayiya.
Oh yeah, because I wanted to make the joke of the time that I wanted to punch you saying that,
and then I remembered that it was just your DM voice saying it. It wasn't a character saying it out loud.
I punch. I punch. I immediately punch. Throat punch.
And thankfully we're not in the same room, so. You would have had a smack coming.
Punch me through the phone. How about best lists of all time?
Top dryers, go. Okay. I like a Kenmore, I like a Whirlpool.
Air. Most used dryer of all time.
Best dryers of all time. Let's see.
Well, if we go under the assumption that they get better every year, then the best dryer of all time.
There's literally no way that appliances get better every year.
Yeah, I was about to say that's kind of the antithesis of appliances these days.
But let's just go under the assumption that that is true.
And the answer is the GE GTD84ECPNDG.
What does that stand for? General Electric.
Go to do 84 entire clothings pending not dry goods.
They put that at number two?
I'm personally fond of the LGDLE7300WE.
I mean, if you like new ones, it's fine. It's all electric.
I like my gas powered dryer.
Dude, speaking of lists, that made me think...
No, no, no. Let's hang out on this dryer humid for a while.
The dog break is longer than I thought it was going to be.
Yeah.
Should we stop recording this particular segment?
Well, I mean, I don't even think I'll have to edit anything we've done so far.
It's so fucking funny.
Yeah, sure.
Hi.
Hey.
Okay, I'm going to go pee real quick.
So Murphy has a diarrhea or something. I'm really sorry.
Bummer.
Oh, I straight up thought that was a joke.
I do too.
The diarrhea?
No, the Luke leaving to go pee like right when you came back.
Oh boy.
We're doing it, man. 730.
On the dot.
I'm going to go pee.
You burned it.
I'm about to take a quiz. Which Queer Eye cast member are you?
While driving late one night, you hit a deer with your car.
By the way, it is lying broken and bloody on the pavement.
You can tell it is not going to live for long.
The dying deer looks you in the eyes and yells,
I'm you. How would you kill the deer?
I would get back in my car and run it over to finish the job.
I would snap the deer's neck.
I would tape the deer to the hood of my car,
drag it into my house and put its head in my microwave.
I would make a sign that says I deserve this because I shoplifted
and I would hang it around the deer's neck.
Then I would drive away and leave the deer to die in agony.
Do the microwave one so you get Anthony.
Okay.
Did I tell you guys I got addicted for a day or two
watching YouTube videos of flight towers talking inexperienced pilots
how to land a plane in emergencies?
That sounds awesome.
That sounds so good.
It was wildly fascinating.
Oh no.
Oh, I actually am still recording.
Good.
Everybody who role plays knows that sometimes you get everybody together
and then you don't role play.
Okay, should we just keep recording on this and start?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm keeping all the below deck shit.
Good. Arguably the thing I know the most about right now.
Mine is Crusader Kings, Below Deck, and The Sopranos.
I'm rewatching Lost.
I never started it.
I mean, Lost famously sucks at the end.
Yeah, but I'm not there yet.
It's not Michael Bay, is it?
Is it J.J. Abrams that did that?
No, it's Michael Bay.
What did Michael Bay do? Is he Transformers?
No, he did Super 8.
So last time, Clark Bishop, Keith Vigna, and John Lee Pettymore,
you guys won your power contest
and you felt like the external forces grip on your perception was loosening.
And the scene as you knew it in a single blink changed completely.
Immediately, Bean's Pond was surrounded by this floating moat
that you saw the first time when you arrived in contention
and it was completely encircling the church.
The church? Yes, the campus there.
However, now it is surrounding you.
And John and Clark, you guys are right next to it.
It's like right behind you.
And Keith, I believe you have been shot in the ribs and shot in the hip.
Correct.
And you are trying to make your way down the basin,
this muddy, muddy basin where there used to be a pond.
Still no water in it.
That wasn't a gag on your mind space.
Am I not in it already?
I think I made it down already.
Oh, you made your way down.
You've yet to roll a dexterity check to not fall on your way down there.
Okay.
I think we'll start off with that.
Okay, I was going down to check and see if it actually said about me, about Bean.
That's right.
So hold on to that roll for me as you roll it
and I will continue to explain that you saw...
Fuck!
What was it?
77.
Oh, no!
I should have lied, but...
Oh, I'm super glad you didn't.
Don't ever lie.
There's no point.
The game lives and dies on us being truthful.
77 on a 60.
Holy shit.
Okay, beautiful.
So Keith is sliding face first down the side of the mud basin.
You guys look up and you see Casey Kristoff, Van Halen t-shirt,
cut off jeans, mullet, pencil-thin mustache.
He's holding a pistol to the back of Kerry Page's head.
The body thereof.
The body thereof.
And then right next to them, we've got Pastor Adam Kane,
Daddy Kane, wearing the strange-looking motorcycle helmet with all the tubes.
The red light is lit and he's driving a four-wheeler.
Yeah.
That's the part that hurt the most.
That's the fucking part that hurt the most.
When you last episode were like, THE four-wheeler.
THE four-wheeler.
Damn it.
And strapped to the back of this four-wheeler, you see the radio.
Its green light is lit and holding on for dear life on top of this radio
is an extremely determined black cat that you recognize.
Yes.
It's the agent.
Agent Trent Chad is in that cat's body.
That's the guy who showed up to the Contention PD with Red Bulls piled in his car
and sunglasses on the back of his head.
And I think he was just coming down to investigate how we had fucked up so bad.
Yeah.
So what was the timeline of the cat?
The cat was a cat.
Then the cat and Doug Jacobs switched.
And then Doug Jacobs and the cat's body got switched with Agent Trent Chad.
Yeah, I believe that was your guys' doing in the police station inventory room.
Well, Agent Trent Chad shouldn't have showed up with such mysterious motives and purposes.
Yeah.
He deserved it.
If he had told us what the fuck they were doing there.
Well, also Clark had just come back from a little visit out of town with some darts.
I was able to make him do what I wanted and that was my goal.
Oh, no.
I know that.
I just mean we might have done it to somebody else if he hadn't gotten all in our business
for no goddamn good reason.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No reason whatsoever.
You mentioned something about ice crystals forming on the water wall.
Can you elaborate on that?
Yeah.
It's really fucking cold outside.
But they're not like impenetrable or anything like that.
It's just frosty out.
No, no.
That is just some flavor.
Gotcha.
Just a reminder that it's December 6th.
Is the wall moving or is it just stationary water?
The wall is not like encroaching or growing away from you.
However, the water is flowing.
That's kind of what I meant.
Yeah.
So is it like spinning around the circle?
Yes, it is.
Gotcha.
And there are fish in it?
There are shitloads of fish in it.
And it smells vile.
You remember the smell when John stuck his head in the back of the truck?
I remember that this thing smells.
I just want to...
I'm looking, Zach, what does this smell like?
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
So when I was in seventh grade...
My brother shed on my face and gave me pink eye.
How did you...
No.
Tell this story every podcast.
And then I edit it out because you guys don't laugh hard enough.
I should just edit the laughter in.
Ooh.
That's a good idea.
I'll use that.
That was genuine.
Yeah.
We're going to get a good take.
Good cats.
So my brother got fish food.
Do you know like the wet fish food?
And he put it in the air ventilating system of our youth minister's truck.
That wasn't very Christ-like of him.
Jesus made a bunch of fish, so it's kind of...
Must have been a shitty youth minister.
What does the wall smell like?
Oh, yeah.
So when I was in seventh grade, it was a hot summer day, but bright and early in the morning
before the sun was out, my brother took that wet fish food and he put it in the air ventilation
system of our youth minister's truck.
And then the truck just sat outside and baked in the heat all day.
Yeah.
And I was running an errand with him later in the day and we got in there and he turned
the air conditioning all the way up and we both just like...
So it smells like if someone had put a rotting fish in your wheel well and you couldn't find
it for like four months.
So stinky.
Yeah.
Just a little smelly.
Now what?
I mean, that's the golden question.
We're in a pickle.
Is it like, are we still doing turns or...
Oh, yeah.
Are we in turn order still?
Yeah, we are.
So we're going to start with Casey Kristoff pulling the trigger.
No, so...
Because fuck you guys.
We'll start with Clark as per usual and Keith's first turn will be his 77 roll.
So Clark Bishop, it's on you.
Oh, fuck.
You took that talent and immediately I was like, oh, you want to act first every time?
You want to lead off every single...
You want to set the tone for every interaction?
How fast is Adam Kane going and which direction is he going?
Is he aiming for like a person or is he aiming for the door?
He was literally aiming his gun at Keith, but was he driving in a particular direction?
So he actually doesn't have a gun out.
He's got both hands on the wheel.
He's aiming the four wheeler at Keith.
Oh, gotcha.
Who is actually right across the door from him.
Or as we said last time, the impossible metal plate.
And is he on top of the ponder inside of it?
He is about to drop in like a skateboarder might.
Yeah, very cool. Begrudgingly.
Are there any famous four wheeler people?
Travis Pastrana probably.
Anything with wheels, that guy can do cool stuff on.
It's pronounced pastrami.
Pastrami.
Yeah.
Oh, I didn't know that this entire time.
Yeah, his dad was a deli.
So fucking stupid.
Never mind, I'll find...
Is that meatloaf?
It's a deli.
Oh my God.
Is that meatloaf?
Oh no.
Fuck.
Clark is going to...
Clark, I want to point my gun at Adam Kane and yell stop the vehicle while I'm aiming
at him.
And I want to use my turn to use the aim action.
Oh yeah, absolutely.
That gives me a bonus to my next round's shot.
Correct?
It does indeed.
Plus 20 on your next shot.
Which will put your firearms at what?
Like 100.
Oh, it is 100, yeah.
Can't miss, baby.
Triple zeroes is a fail though.
Yeah, 100 will still be a crit fail.
I want to use that mechanic to impress upon in the world that Adam Kane knows that I'm
aiming for him.
Oh, hell yeah.
Okay, sick.
And he knows I'm not going to miss.
So as you're just following him, you see down the...
Do pistols have an aimer?
Iron sights?
Do pistols have an aimer?
Hey, you got your episode title.
Yeah, buddy.
That's you.
You did it, bud.
You're the pistols aimer.
It's you.
It's been inside you the whole time.
Yeah.
Isn't that wonderful?
Hey there, buddy.
Why don't you just, you know, just point the gun and then you'll pull the trigger.
So it's one drawn gun.
No, that actually plays here.
You are looking down and right back over the top of your sights, you see the bridge
of Adam Kane's nose and both of his eyes are staring straight back at you and they are
massive.
He looks scared.
He looks scared or he has massive eyes like that fucking John Peters video.
He does have very, very pitch black eyes and a weird balloon shaped head.
Did he always have those things?
He did.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Those are the two descriptors of Pastor Adam Kane currently known as Daddy.
Oh yeah.
John Lee Pettymore, it's your turn.
I would also like to, uh, I'd like to aim at Adam and I'm going to say you're going
to have to stop right there, buddy.
Cause there's only one daddy in this town.
I like wink over it at Clark.
I'm like, it's him.
Okay.
Luke, do you tell me what happens?
Oh, okay.
Oh no, don't do that.
I mean, I rolled a crit fail on my getting down.
Oh, I forgot about that.
Gotcha.
Your left side is just rocked by a couple bullets that hit some pretty brutal spots,
your hip and your ribs.
And as your left foot lands on the mud, it hits a rock and you just feel your whole leg
stiffens.
It does that thing where you kind of hyper extend your knee on it, but that just shoots
your, your thigh bone directly up into this hip.
That's just been shattered and you feel a crack as you just immediately crumble forward.
But seeing as how you're on a pretty steep incline, it makes a belly flop noise as your
face just hits the mud and you start slowly sliding down this hill.
Yuck.
I'm going to do drugs probably on my next turn.
That'll do.
It's a three and a seven.
Oh, pastor Adam Kane just leans forward.
He's got just horror in his eyes as he makes direct eye contact with Clark Bishop, knowing
full well that his shot will ring true and he just noses down in and guns the four wheeler
directly into this muddy base and whipping up just wet mud behind him as he just back
and forth, back and forth, his back end sliding around.
And he goes right over the impassable metal plate over the top and then whips his back
end, just spraying Keith Vigna's back with mud like a bad guy from an eighties ski movie.
And this black cat turns on the radio, hops off and starts running away, leaving the radio
directly in between pastor Adam Kane on this four wheeler and Keith Vigna face down in
the mud.
The radio is on and Casey Kristoff hollers with his pistol pointed into the back of
Carrie Page's body's head.
She's blindfolded and she's on her knees with her hands behind her back.
All right now, everybody, everybody come on down.
Just so you know, Mr. Bishop, Mr. Pettymore, if either one of you fire those weapons, your
friend Drew Andrews here is dead.
And if I fire my weapon, Adam's dead.
Does he have any reaction to that?
He cocks the pistol.
I cock mine.
Carrie pages blindfolded on her knees, hands behind her back, starts hollering.
Bubble gum tree.
Bubble gum tree.
Bubble gum tree.
Bubble gum tree.
It's him.
A giant smile goes across the face of Carrie pages.
Yay, it's Drewby.
Drew, babe.
John's going to move his gun to Casey.
Any, any he'll say, he won't say anything.
John moves his gun to Casey and lets that do the talking for him.
Keith Vigna, what do you do?
As you're laying there, you hear this radio flip on and the noise starts kicking up.
That was a disturbingly good radio sound.
Uh, I'm going to take another big bump from my finger.
Yep.
Lose 10 luck for me there.
Yeah.
And then I'm, how close is the pastor to me?
Uh, Oh, he's, he's right on the other side.
So basically you could reach out with your hand and, and touch the back of the four wheeler
and then the radio is strapped on right there.
And then pastor Adam Kane is right on the other side of the radio.
The radio is in the, on the back of the four wheeler.
Yeah.
And he's whipped his tail in toward you.
So he is facing.
He has a tail.
Yeah, man.
People are animals in this game.
Thomas fucking get over it.
Okay.
I want to try to get to the radio.
Oh yeah.
You would be prone normally, but with losing that 10 luck, taking a quick, what do you
do?
How do you do it?
Tell me how your body moves.
I, then I get on my hands and knees and look at the radio and pounce from that position.
Okay.
What's the goal here to grab the radio and either smash it or turn it off.
Uh, do you want to hold it over your head?
Like John Cusack.
It starts raining.
Once I get to it, I'll decide what I do.
I'm allowing you to do your action on this turn because you've taken the luck damage.
So what's your luck at now?
Uh, down to 35.
Cause I was, I was at 45 then 35 then I gained luck back and now I'm down again.
So, uh, this radio has been ratcheted to the back of this four wheeler as to not fall off.
What do you do?
I want to take the butt of my gun and smash a tube on it.
Fuck yeah dude.
As soon as you do that, this noise just, oh shit.
And pastor Adam Kane reaches in the side bag of this four wheeler, grabs a fish out and
squeezes it so hard that it completely busts into two separate halfs above his head.
Tail end falls on one side, head falls on the other, and you see just guts and sin like
all this like what's inside a fish guys?
Guts.
Oh bones.
Tiny little bones.
Yeah.
Guts and tiny little fish bones kind of fall onto the helmet and immediately the light
on his helmet turns green.
Everybody roll power.
Oh yes little bitch.
20 on 50.
Six.
I pass a 35 on a 60.
I rolled a 57, which is a success.
Oh shit.
Oh god damn it.
I hate contested rules.
Damn it.
Your perceptions begin to change, but this time you can literally watch it happen.
Let's see, everybody take off your headphones except for Joe.
What is the moment that Clark most regrets?
Oh fuck dude.
I've got three that I can think of.
And that's just off the top of my head, I bet there's a lot.
I mean recently it's for sure the revelation of how I fucked up getting the Cain family
out of the van.
That would 100% be the one that he latches onto.
Okay.
Yeah that's a recent one that has been newly opened in his mind, like he didn't regret
that until recently.
Now it's a big, big deal.
Clark your gun is aimed at this four wheeler and immediately the four wheeler is a minivan
and it's turned over and it's on fire and it's still in this mud basin.
It's still right there.
But then you hear these screams and you remember hearing these screams.
The van explodes and you are rushing toward it and you're back on the concrete, you're
on the main drag heading north out of contention.
But there's nothing you can do to stop it and then you're watching this child being
taken off on a stretcher into the back of an ambulance.
Roll sanity.
Oh my god, I fail 97 way the fuck over my power.
Oh yeah, 100%.
Oh no!
Oh boy.
So Thomas, what is the moment so far that John Lee Pettymore regrets most?
Multiple images flash before him, but because of the recent slayings of the ashers, he pictures
the vacuuming of their children.
Yes, and literally floating above this four wheeler, two children holding on to each other
and it's the exact scene that you remember.
They're holding on to this man, unkempt hair, wearing these rubber waders.
You know him as James the mill worker and they're trying to hold on to him and you're
trying to hold on to them but they're floating away above Bean's Pond and they're just floating
up and then all at once you see behind them the sky envelopes out and opens this massive
hole and coming out of it is just like an oil spray of this ooze but it's coming at
you horizontally and it grabs onto them and in this weird whirlwind slowly, slowly pulls
them like they're in a balloon almost.
Like if a person was in a balloon trying desperately to get out, you see their hands and their
feet kicking, kicking and trying to get out and then they just out of existence.
Roll sanity.
Can I also roll deception?
Well, it's not a skill but...
Persuade.
That's not John's biggest regret.
What's John's biggest regret?
It's fucking up his racing career.
He doesn't give a shit about any of this.
Like deeply.
This is kind of just happening to him right now?
Roll sanity motherfucker.
We'll see what happens.
Hold on.
Oh, why do I even need... no, 56 doesn't pass.
Of course not.
And so as this blinks out, you kind of shake it off and then the four wheeler down below
turns into your sprint car that you wrecked and you see across the way where there once
was Casey Kristoff holding a gun to the back of Kerry Page's head, you see little Elvis
Duncan's Jr. and his face is split wide open, there's blood running down it.
Oh no.
Oh fuck.
And you know...
Oh god.
You know 100% that if your defective safety harness hadn't taken his eye from him, blood
begins to kind of like continue to pour down, you see that where his eye should be, there's
just a skin grave.
Like if a melon baller was made of skin, you'd be looking into its scoop.
A skin grave.
You had me, but then you went too far.
That's what I'm here for.
Y'all were having a bunch of laughs for your worst regret.
Luke, what's Keith Vigna's biggest regret?
Keith Vigna's biggest regret is changing his name and moving towns and becoming a cop instead
of just facing the embarrassment of being beans and going to work for his brother.
So you're standing over this now defunct radio and you're looking at Pastor Adam Kane who
has just smeared fish all over this old motorcycle helmet.
The four wheeler is surrounded by children who are all wearing party hats and they're
all chanting, beans, beans, Keith, beans his only friends are figurines, beans, beans,
Keith, beans will blow your friends to smithereens.
And you turn back and you see Ferguson standing where Clark and John just were and he's wearing
his beautiful suit, it's got a rose on his lapel and you look back at these birthday
party clad children and instead you see a life, a life at Bar Corp.
What would that look like for Keith?
It'd be upper management, failed up to upper management, nepotism, nice house with a dog
that he sees and takes care of, a wife probably and spends the weekends barbecuing at Ferguson's
house and our children play together.
And you think about all that and then you just see the inside of a room at Hotel Motel
and you're just sitting at the edge of the bed by yourself.
Roll sanity.
35 on a 8.
Everybody roll a D4.
Oh no.
2.
1.
1.
Alright, John loses 2, Clark and Keith both lose 1 sanity.
I probably shouldn't bring this up but are we still doing the D4 plus 1?
Alright, no, cause that was a 1 slash 1 D4 so if you would have, no fuck that was, yeah
no that would make sense for that to be the thing.
No.
Just keep it in mind for the future.
We didn't talk about that on the normal show.
It was if you had passed sanity and you were supposed to take damage no matter what.
This one would have been that.
I just wasn't paying attention so you got off.
Cool.
Well but we all failed though, right?
Yes.
So we have it written down as 1 slash 1 D4 is the sanity damage.
Which would mean 1 if you pass slash 1 D4 if you fail because that's 1 up to 4.
So it should have been according to the Patreon rule that I made 1 D4 plus 1.
Which thank you Luke and I will remember moving forward.
It's very kind of you.
So, I am about to roll a D4, pretty important D4, cause it's how many rounds this lasted.
Oh wow.
Roll a 1.
Yeah roll a 1.
Oh he just rolled it.
It's a 1.
It's our word against his.
If everybody else says it right now that it's all him, it's my dudes.
He's moved his camera into a perfect position.
What is it?
It's a 2.
It's a 2.
Could be worse.
I'll take it.
Even though we also saw him roll that 1.
He rolled a 1 and then said no no no and then he cut that audio out.
He's gonna have to do a lot of that this episode.
I'm real sorry buddy.
I hope you know how much I love you.
I've been taking Prozac for 3 years.
Does that make you love people?
No Prozac.
Guys he's pro me.
Oh look at him.
He really liked it.
I really liked it too.
It's so dumb.
It was good.
And I should have thought of it like years ago but I just thought of it when I was in
the kitchen like 10 minutes ago.
That was really good.
It obviously took me a second but thumbs up.
I wanted to wait until I could see you in person but I couldn't.
None of my medications have any fun jokes.
I have my friends names in them.
Celexa.
I don't know anyone named Alexa.
Celexa wasn't good for me.
It's working for me.
Vitamin B.
Your friend Tim.
What?
I know.
It's not in there but it sounds like it could be.
Vitatim.
Vitimin.
Wow.
I'm a big fan of John Boyega's character from Star Wars because I be pro Finn.
Wow.
That's basically mine.
I thought that's what we were doing.
Doxycycline.
I want none more for anything.
Doxycycline.
I just rolled not one.
Uh oh.
I'm frozen.
Can you hear me?
It's a contested roll.
Let's all roll higher than that.
Can you guys hear me?
Oh no.
No way.
Oh shit.
I can hear you guys still.
You're back.
You're back.
Okay.
I could hear you the whole time.
It was just frozen.
Okay.
Yay.
That was scary.
That was scary.
Yeah.
Thank goodness.
Knock on wood.
My internet hasn't been out in three days.
So.
Shit.
I knock on that floor for you.
Okay.
I forgot what we're waiting on.
Oh, two rounds.
He rolled a one for something.
Oh guys.
That not one really changed this entire situation.
As your realities begin flooding back and your senses match your actual surroundings,
you can hear Carrie Andrews.
Carrie Andrews.
Carrie Andrews.
Carrie Andrews.
Carrie Andrews.
Carrie Andrews.
Carrie Andrews.
Carrie Andrews.
Carrie Andrews.
You can hear Carrie Andrews still hollering across the muddy divide.
Don't you give them shit, boys.
You hear me?
Don't you give them anything but the cold graves they deserve.
Clark, you see Casey Kristoff is still in the same position, pistol to the back of the
head of blindfolded inside out Drew Carey.
John, you immediately realize you are no longer holding your gun.
Looking down, you see agent Trent Catt has not only knocked your weapon from your hand,
but also ejected the magazine and is trying to grab the ammo with his mouth.
Keith, you are being held under your arms, behind your neck, feet dragging in the mud
in front of you as pastor Adam Cain hauls you toward the impassable metal plate.
And as these two men approach the partially buried door, you all see that it begins sliding
open.
Oh, in trouble.
How am I the only one trying to pull over?
How can you have enough drowning out of the noise?
There's no time to go.
No time to go.
Time to fly, time to stream.
