Well, bake my biscuits and call me granny
It's wolf the dog back with another slop infested show and I am coming at you live from another
Dimension where biscuits are the only currency in jam shit, baby. You don't even want to hear about jam
I'm also live from
694.2 I guess whatever this episode's howlin with wolf is for more e in Seattle
They write first things first wolf your low dulcet tones haunt my dreams and your musical taste is always on point
much respect mad
Thanks to the PTBP crew y'all introduced this lifetime
D&D player to the fun Delta Green has to offer and last things last
Shout out to my friends Darian Ryan Robbie and Mike you volunteered so I could learn how to be a good
Handler and I promise to murder you all in fun and interesting ways
Maury
It's crazy that you promised to kill your friends on a public radio show like this one now
I promise not to kill my producer and that's a threat or a promise
Which one is the one where I'll probably kill them for sure
If you want to write up something for your wolf to howl tag us at
Pretending pod or write a five-star review on Apple podcast check them show notes
It has all the links
Instagram Twitter Facebook
patreon
YouTube pornhub
Discord reddit all of them, baby
So go look at the links in the show notes
The clicks make people take this wolf and pony show more seriously
Go ahead click right now and peruse while I read the news
Last time not much happened the three leads of this absurd production fell
Upwards into an impossibly dark and equally vibrant nothingness all while witnessing
unnatural visions of scenes that were are or will be played out
Involving themselves in either this or a different timeline
They landed in a world made of this same wild texture
But the ground was made of pure light as that setting faded
They found themselves in a junk filled room with Leo piston before the uber driver spud
exited without watching his footing and fell out of this elevated room to his abrupt demise of swift
smothering of the shimmering silver sea a boat approached that held two figures one a
Ferryman in overalls a beanie in a big white beard and the other was John's uncle Don D. Pettymore
I've been wolf. That was the news. I could use something heavy and dripping in sin
It's dragon in three with what kind of world are you living in?
Bad girls on top of the water
Mary and Caroline, I'm on the borderline
Leaving my mind at your altar
Crossing the double line, doing it every time
Tell me what kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
So we had the same dare officer all through like middle school and then into junior high and then into high school
He was like our police officer that worked at our school and then in high school freshman year
He came to our health class to teach sex ed
It was a in the time where you had those cell phones that were like flip phones and you could set them to a
setting that was vibrate then ring and
So his phone starts vibrating in class as he's teaching and he looks down and he goes
Oh, it's just my wife and he clicks the button or he tries to and so he thinks he's turned it off
But then the ringtone starts and it was like wow. You're a crazy bitch watch your fuck so good
And buck cherry played and
Nice, not sure I ever recovered buck cherry played here in Springfield and the guitarist
shopped at our local music place Hoover and
bought the exact guitar that my guitarist was saving up for
He was in the store at the same time and watched him walk out with it
Really sucked
When you say you've never recovered from that like you mean that was the moment that set what you wanted to be in life or
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I was just like man. There's not there's not much that's better than that, huh?
Yeah, I
Don't know how we how we get back. Oh, I guess we just start the I guess we just start yeah
For once we could just have an episode start with us playing
Oh
No, we kind of do the Dragon Ball Z thing where like you think it's gonna fill up the whole time slot
but then it's like short and half of it is recap and then fucking around I
Thought you meant that we were just dragging our balls same thing
Well instead of dragging our balls, let's get some oopsies out of the way
I've got some whoopsies to whoopsies to be exact to start out with
First whoopsie what you guys woke up in the mausoleum and
You've been through some shit
Especially this time. You've definitely been around lots of unnatural learn lots about the unnatural and
Every time that's happened so far
We've changed the entire nature of the role-playing game that we're playing by having you guys roll to d20 for a natural
And adding that to your skill point so I need
Joe Thomas Luke to roll to d20 for a natural and
Justin hi, I assume that on your character sheet your unnatural score is at a zero no
It's it's quite high actually. Oh good. That is what did we talk about that? Mm-hmm
Okay, good a rest of you might get some real high numbers here. So let's hear those 2d 20 rolls
29 total for me 29 total. Okay. So what does that put your total at? That's a good question
That's why I asked it. I love asking good questions. Okay, I have 79 now Jesus
fucking Christ
Yeah, I'd smoke that guy's cum cool
And Joe
I
Rolled back-to-back sevens, so that's that's a 14 added to my head 49. I think so. I'm at 63
No, that's really really high for an unnatural score and Thomas speaking of 14
I rolled a 14 and a 9 which is 23 added to my previous score that gives me 67
Nice, we're all good at unnatural
Zach's like, why did I give them 2d 20?
Nah, you know this is we're in the um, I know that you guys aren't fans of quality film
But I believe they call this the end game. I
Hate myself and so you guys are going to have a lot of
Natural skill points Luke is a member of the moxie our local independent theater, which means that according to his contract
He's not allowed to watch Marvel movies
Hill's films have
climaxes and dinner moves
Badass shit like end games Luke likes to go to the cinema. We like to go to the right. Yeah
Cinema yeah, okay. I enjoy kenel. I only watch movies where the women have armpit hair
It's kind of my dating policy
Oh, you guys have a lot of unnatural
Yeah, we do at this point and you can use those whenever you want to do things that are unnatural
Wasn't there a big downside to it if we if we oh, yeah. Yep, if you fail, it'll it'll be real bad
No
When you when you are dealing in the unnatural
Things don't always
Go the way you planned and when they go awry the true horror being involved with this
This nature of items or beliefs or thoughts or words
Can really come back and bite you in the little butt come in the butt
cool
So if you were wanting to do something that you didn't think was humanly possible we could roll that skill to see if it happens
I want to eat a million sandwiches
Natural doesn't seem humanly possible. I want to see sandwiches. Yeah
Okay, so with all that
Unnatural business out of the way. I need Justin Luke and Thomas to remove their headphones
Hi, I thought this might be the other oopsie
You almost got away with it almost snuck one right past yo dungeon master
It's time for you to roll for a mania
Cuz I hit my breaking point you remember what it was it made me hit it was
when you saw a giant wave of black ooze that was about to pour down over the
Vw bug or not bug the van that you were in
23 92 89 Oh
23 Michael Jordan
Cardo koi card cart card a coif these hmm an uncontrollable
Compulsion to see maps everywhere to see what the fuck does that mean a compulsion to see maps?
So like you think everything is a map
That means we have to go this way maybe I could be kind of fun that could be fun
I just read it. I just read a Dan Brown book, so I'm kind of hip to seeing maps and shit
Angels and demons
Actually, it was the lost symbol is the one I read. Oh, I don't know
Those are the only two things that I know about Dan Brown is that he wrote those two books and he's played by Tom Hanks
in real life
Rolled up 23. What else did you roll a 92 92 the year I was born
technomania an obsession with new technology
Okay, and finally 89 89 in the year someone else was born me yeah, that's what I thought oh
Scribble o mania
obsession with scribbling or doodling so maps everywhere
Obsession with new technology or obsession with scribbling
Doodling do I have anything on my person that I could scribble with at this point. Oh, you know
Yeah, I think I've whipped out a notepad a few times. Oh, yeah
Notepad pain I'm between maps and notepad. What do you what do you think?
Do you do you have a narrative one that would help you? I think both would be excellent
I will say two things one
We have had a virus of sorts in this show before where?
scribbling was
Happened by the people who had it and I think that would be narratively interesting because if you start scribbling stuff constantly
I think the other PCs will think there's something wrong with you, which could be interesting and
Then I think the map could be narratively interesting as well because you are currently looking for a way out of this place
So that would lead you very easily to play out that one. Fuck. They're both good
Well, I can see how I could play both of them. I'm gonna go
I'm gonna go I
Think I'm gonna go fuck shit. I'm gonna go see maps. I'm gonna go see maps. Okay. Yeah that see maps
on this on the shimmering silver see
All right, let's get the boys back in here with Matt man
My man
Birdie birdie birdie birdie birdie birdie birdie birdie eagle albatross par birdie birdie birdie birdie birdie birdie birdie birdie
bogey double bogey triple bogey, they really ran out of
Ideas for bad golfing pretty quickly. They came up with such cool names for good golfing
And then I've just remembered who I'm talking to but Zach. This is a great point. We know the golfing things
We know those days. Yeah eagle. We just don't know what happens when you go to a golf course and like talk to the lady
Yeah, for those of you who are not a citizen of contention over on patreon.com slash. Oh, yeah
This didn't happen on the mainstream
No
It's not we recently had it at a game where these boys had to
Had to meet for a delta green mission on a golf course and they didn't know what the fuck to do
I I feel like I feel like in real life people would have been a lot more helpful than Zach was
Yeah for some first-timers
That's super fair. Alright, so let's start by
Everyone, I want you to google real quick
I know this is an audio podcast and you rely on me to tell you
What you are seeing visually to think about in your head
But I used a certain picture for inspiration
Google red
sands
S-a-n-d-s red sands fort is a picture. I came across a while ago and it went in my
Photos on my phone and an album that I've labeled inspiration
Oh, okay
The hell is which also has of a weird fish that has human teeth
And it's all just shit I found on the internet and a picture of Dolly Parton
Inspiration it's sort of like the saying the thing that could became Sealand
It's very similar to the sea fort that became Sealand if you know what that is if you've ever watched a water world
It's very very much probably the aesthetic that they based their movie off of it's the exact rusty
aloft above an ocean
Yeah dilapidated basically
What I'm picturing as you guys are poking your heads out of this
Door of this hatch that kind of opens out down you see a ladder looking down on this boat about 10 yards below
This bay boat made out of this the same familiar inky black yet
Unnaturally colorful material that also makes up the sky you see the two men standing on this craft
One is a short stout man in his latter years a thick white beard
Makes his round face look even rounder and the bags under his eyes are large and fluffy
He's wearing a dark navy beanie and a wool plaid shirt under olive corduroy
Overalls and the other man is John Lee Pettymore the fourth's uncle
Don D. Pettymore as you all poke your heads out of this hatch
We can see from the outside that you are in this kind of this
Lofted room that is made out of the similar inky black yet colorful substance that is on stilts
It is like a stilted room that the still legs then go down
into this shimmering silver sea
below you
Everyone roll sanity
Cuz you haven't rolled sanity since you arrived wherever you are now and I do think that that was a third whoopsie
so we're
Lost I don't know if that's a whoopsie cuz this just happened
Your brain finally caught up to the situation and you're all like fuck
What were we like?
Zach I didn't I didn't roll a score that passed
But it is the inverse of a passing score. It's 32 instead of 23. So does that get me anything?
That would be an interesting luck mechanic like spend five luck to reverse the numbers on your dice
But we don't use that currently so that is a fail. It's actually a very cool mechanic
I I doesn't that fun d4 plus one. I bet we would remember. Yeah, we would remember it and use it
And
Luke I heard you say that you failed, right?
I did so roll a d4 and add one and lose that much sanity three. I'm at 11
I a dangle crit failed. I'm still under my power
I'm not freaking out, but I critically know you are cuz you lose five sanity ouch
that puts me at 11 and
Clark Bishop with losing five sanity all in one go at the sight of all this. I'm gonna need a fight
Or freeze from yeah
Go ahead and rank those please
Honestly at this point freeze would be number one
Standing. Yeah. Sure. So four five six, you'll freeze and then probably
Flight, okay, so run away is number two and then yeah fight is my third and then fight is if you roll a one
I don't know what the fight is gonna be if I fight probably fuck somebody up dude. Yeah
Kill Leo piston again
Julie did it once you can do it twice
Go ahead and roll a d6 for me
It's a two, okay, that's gonna be run away run away
Clark Bishop has not yet made it down this ladder as you're all looking out this door and
He is looking for a place to run. He looks down at the ladder
He sees the boat down below with two men one of whom he vaguely
Remembers from his time growing up in contention as being a petty more and
The other he does not recognize at all. This is not running away going towards this boat. So he turns back
He opens up the other hatch in the room across the room from the hatch that is currently open
He slams the lever into the up position
He flings it open and he runs through it closing the door behind him. None of you were able wait, let me get a quick
Alertness or search from sorry Justin
Okay, good, thank you
I needed that Luke and Thomas give me a search or alertness and Thomas because you're looking at your uncle right now
I'm gonna put you at a negative 20. No pass. Oh, no, actually
I'm not gonna put you at a negative 20 because you really wanted to go through that door
Yeah, I think I'm pretty stoked on what just happened because I really wanted to see was like Uncle Don
It's cool to see you and all but weird things are happening all the time around here right now and
Frankly, you know, I learned I could distrust as many elder members of my family as I could trust
so who knows if you're just gonna try to rope me into some
shitty con or
You're gonna make me wait in the car for hours while you just get drunk in some bar a lot of bars. Yeah
And it's hot in this fucking car and so I want to see
What's through that other door? I really do no offense to Uncle Don
I've got a personal theory that we're just gonna see Uncle Don and this other guy in that boat again. I
Hope I didn't just give zacking out
Wait, hold up
But if that's true
Then in John Lee Pettymore's mind did Clark Bishop just fall to the same fate as spud
I haven't thought it all the way through
Or even a second step to be honest the way that you describe it
I pictured me wily coyoting my way out that door
So Clark Bishop is gone Joe take off your headphones
Keith Joe who the fuck is Joe John Keith John Justin looking down you see the two men
I would also see Keith right because he slid down the ladder at the end of the last episode
Oh, he did go down the ladder. Yes up above. I'm just like Keith
Don Don Keith
Don you'll do the plat thing and introduce Keith to that stranger
I'm gonna go poke my head through this other door real quick just to be sure
What's on the other side be careful? I will
What if it's scary kind of think we're in purgatory or whatever. So, you know, do we need to be careful?
I don't we'll probably just be in like, you know some kind of endless torture for the rest of you know
Eternity, so I might as well see what's through this other door
So I'm not wondering the whole time, you know
For the next thousand lifetimes or whatever the fuck until we get back to here
So I'm gonna poke my head through that door and I will be right back. Okay, be careful
As you're walking back through Leo piston is still just in his in his own eternal junkyard
Just squealing away in pain and you walk over to the other hatch
Yes, open it up and walk on through take off your headphones. I don't walk on. I just want to peek through
Okay, much like we did through this door or some of us did sure
Go ahead and take off your headphones
Who are you guys? Oh, right that man said that uh
Your name was Keith, huh? What the hell? What why do you sound like that?
Oh, my name is Jack Russell. Nice to meet you. He puts out his hand. I shake it
Have you seen the door what door and he turns back and he looks at dawn
He's of no use to us if he hadn't seen the door
It just kind of walks back and starts messing with some some I've seen the door inky black on the back
I saw the door Jack Russell turns around with his big Santa Claus eyebrows
Raised real high and he looks real big-eyed over at dawn boy says he's seen the door
Uh-huh. Can I tell if he's lying? Oh
Are you lying? Mmm. Yes, I am. He says he's lying. No
Yeah, go roll human, ooh
Is this my first time rolling a character in?
In the game, I don't think I ever had a character she did I
Did you not for Donovan was something or other? Oh, wait. No, I don't think I think we just kind of winged it. Oh
My god, we were so loosey-goosey. Yeah, this is Justin's first character sheet in the game
Crazy to me. Okay, so I'm rolling human. He's rolling persuade. Is that what you said? It's correct
Luke go ahead and roll persuade for Keith Vigna. I a crit succeeded I crit fail
88
What do you think? I'm gonna grab this man by the arm. Why are you lying boy? The door was a purple
I kind of tighten my grip. Don't lie to this man orange the orange. I
Saw it why are you here?
Yeah, the talk about the door what brought you here. I've came then through a door that one
Game a point up at the up there that one. How'd you is that how you got in here? What is this place?
Immediately Jack Russell pulls the boat up to the ladder and starts tying off both the rope and the ladder itself are made out of
this extremely colorful
Very black dark substance is tying off a euphemism
Jack are we gonna are we gonna go up here and search a little bit?
Well, if you're looking for you're looking for I'm looking for what I'm looking for
Let's explore sounds good
I let go of him and start climbing up the ladder as you guys are all at the bottom of this ladder
You can see that adjacent
So basically the the room above you that is about 10 yards up its square it has four walls, uh,
You are on one side of this square. So you would take the ladder up now on the adjacent wall
There seems to be a bridge and you're just now seeing it for the first time as you look up
There is sort of a rope bridge that is also
Unsurprisingly
made out of this flag we're colorful darkness and
It leads across to a second
Stilted room. So there's another
Identical stilted room that is attached with a rope bridge. That's cool
Yeah, nice Luke roll sanity
Oh
12 and I have 11
Okay, you just lose one. So now you have 10 as you realize the other hatch in the room above you is
across
from the hatch the two hatches are on opposite sides of the room and yet the rope bridge is
Coming from the adjacent wall not the wall that is parallel
It is the wall that is perpendicular that has the rope bridge attached to it. What are you looking at? So we had son
You got something wrong with you boy, I don't
Whoo, it's hard to look at that. I don't really know I can't even comprehend
I'll trust you on my boat by yourself and we're going up there. So you go up first. I'll go after you
I don't know who you want to go in the middle or you want to go first in the middle. Okay?
Jack Russell begins climbing. I start climbing after him
Nice view
All right, don I assume you're going up I'm so take the boat and dip
No, I'm continuing along
Birded me back in
Yeah, butter did me
Is it just me coming back or is Thomas need to be bad Thomas Thomas?
and
Justin and Luke bye. Bye. What kind of come are you?
Smoking
Get it. No. Yeah, I do not be there for you
When you come starts to fall
All right, you guys ready?
Yeah, yeah
A crazed Clark Bishop sprints through the door Wile E. Coyote style and you are suddenly in
Another one of these similar rooms except this one does not have nearly as much junk in it as the last and as you bust
In really the only things you see in here are a
hatch in front of you and
Two figures Oh, dr. Marie Jacobs is an older plump woman with mascara
smeared all over her entire face
Her hair is a disaster and she is wearing white coveralls and long
Neoprene gloves she is in the exact same
State that you saw her when she was locked up in the contention police department
except for the last time you saw her in the contention police department was on tape when you saw her body being lifted and then
slammed repeatedly into the ground
so you do notice the matted blood caked all over the back of her head and
She is laying on the ground next to the body of Doug Jacobs
With dried blood all filling his broken nose
He's still wearing that same pair of novelty boxer briefs
Featuring Pepe Le Pew and he has a black collar around his neck. He too has bruises all over him and
blood
coming out the back of
His head they are cuddling while laying on the ground
Looking straight up into the sky above you there is no
Ceiling in this room the only thing above you. Oh, wait. No, is that the ceiling?
You wouldn't even fucking know because it's the same inky black darkness
that is so colorful shining down on you and
Giving you peace while you sleep man
Maybe you know that the Lord loves you very very much and you bust in here and they really don't even fucking notice
Are they literally the only two things in here? Yes
How crazed is Clark does he just keep running past them doubt the next door?
Yes, I a hundred percent and as you run through the next door as
You run through the next door you slam it open and as you run through it
You actually bump into the back of John Lee Kevin Moore the third from behind somehow and the two of you fall
Kind of into the same room that has nothing in it except for
dr. Marie Jacobs and
Doug Jacobs
Clark I thought you were in front of me
Let's try that next hatch
What do I see when I look behind me first you see a junkyard of a room with and you can hear the cries of?
Yeah, go go go to that door that door that door and I'm kind of pushing you along to go out the next door and as
You go through it. You run through the same room again. Both of you are all sanity
Hey 17
Nice hey 10 I passed I do a 10 on an 11 lose 10 lose 10
I need one of you
Lose any as you realize nope this is exactly how this room works. Oh, okay, so it's just like a loop through that door
It's just a loop thing a loop
Loopy loop. Oh, it's like it's a lag. Yeah, damn it. So it's just the boat in this
Fucking dawn. I think I owe money or something. It's been a while
He's one of these one of those ones where it's like oh you're spending the day with Uncle Don and then it's like spending the
Day with Uncle Don was four hours in a hot car and then Uncle Don driving you home drunk. I
Mean yeah, he financed my racing career, but also, you know, fuck that dude
Isn't that the that the doctor isn't that the doctor and the the cat man body right there who?
Right there on the floor there. Yes. I see them those those people on the on the ground remind me. Dr
Marie Jacobs and that's Doug Jacobs her husband and he
He's actually Salem her cat remember the radio switch that the Doug Jacobs and the cat
You and she's like caressing his hair Doug Jacobs his head as it lays upon her breast and
They're just staring up into the endless ness above them and you as she kind of looks over and catches your eye
Oh
fuck
Now see Clark, that was a very succinct a very succinct summation as a war
I was just asking for the benefit of folks who might not have ever heard any kind of recap about this sort of story
you
absolute total fucking pieces of garbage
Sorry doctor police officers my ass. You're gonna lock us up when we're in love
And that's why we're here oh wait, okay, so
If we wouldn't have been locked up we wouldn't be here
Hey fair enough, but you weren't locked up because you were in love
But if you are admitting right now to being in love with your cat
Even though he's in the body of that man. That is a crime. I am so sorry
You cannot what part of it is a crime loving your animal. You said we're in love that that replies that implies romance
You see I love my friends. I love my partner
Clark here, but we're not in love. I love you too, John
Yeah, thanks, man
Thank you, I
Think I think we actually we yeah, we we kind of went over this but when we first
There I we don't know that there's a crime here, but it doesn't feel like it's
Doesn't feel like it's not a crime. Yeah, I am getting a real sense of deja vu with this conversation
But ma'am once again like while I understand the appeal of having a cat
Will you just leave us in a person-sized body and just like rolling around on the floor with that?
When you start to say like I'm in we're in love that implies a level of
NFC being reached with that body that I don't think is appropriate
Either for the original owner of that body the cat's mind. That's now in it
Or
God frankly or God. Yeah, that's not what Asian on this relationship without knowing anything about us
Hmm. Well, then maybe just be more careful with your words, you know, no, it's like a cat mine in a human body
That's that. Yeah, I don't know the the context and we see you rolling around on the floor there. I'm not trying
Yeah, I guess I am trying to yuck your yum
This this is yucky
And she kisses Doug Jacobs on the head and goes and looks directly in your eyes and says yummy
You know, there was nothing inherently gross about you kissing your cat man on the head until you said yummy again
It's just the way you're approaching all of this. That is very
It just seems like it's coming from the wrong angle. It's not making me comfortable at all good
Go away what doctor help? How long have you been here?
She looks up into the stars above that don't exist. I've been here forever. I
Was born here. I
Will die here and when I die, I will remain here
Well, I don't I don't think that's the case because we had you in a jail cell. We just talked about that
So you weren't yeah, you're literally talking about yeah your memories with us
Outside of here, so you won't remain here. Oh
Sorry you cut out on the discord call of little faith, oh you just didn't finish your sentence
In a normal time you Michael borrowed it
Really just sounded like you got cut right off. So
Is it clear that my?
Intention
Is to annoy you
Yeah, you know ma'am personally, you know, I don't she begins licking the hair of Doug Jacobs, oh
Yeah, again, that doesn't bug me cuz that just seems like if she's being a cat like I don't know
We're all cats down here. What bugs me is when she implies that she fucks the cat. I'm with you
I'm with you on that and she's like
Why do you think I'm applying that and then she implies it more and I don't care about rolling around with your big cat, man
That sounds enjoyable and adorable. I
Just don't don't fuck the cat man. Don't I
Just cross a line from time to time every now and then she does imply that there's a line being crossed
Yeah, it seems like a cat man's getting fucked
Scratch his ears, you know lick his hair. All right, whatever
Rub his whiskers, but he does both don't please don't fucking have whiskers anymore
Please I was being I was being you know imaginative
I was being playful like the spirit being very imaginative when you keep talking about me fucking this cat when
It seems like that's all you want to think about to be fair
Yeah, exactly I knew it I'm not gonna engage with you because you know exactly what you're doing
So I'm not just gonna get in little word games with you where you're like
Oh, you're the one who wants to fuck cat cuz you're the one fucking this cat apparently
It's good to know that setting doesn't change the show at all
On
That note I think I'm gonna switch back over
She's getting to a point where we could
Yep, this is about the right time to switch
But could we real quick just ask her some questions?
Like I literally just want to be like if she can engage with me on a real level
I want to just be like, what are your impressions having been here? Okay fucking do it
Maybe you fuck that cat. Maybe you don't let us put that aside for a moment
Petty more. I didn't know you were from here. Now. What do you mean by that?
Bishop look at his face. I look at his face Clark
You can clearly see just the the booze that's pouring out of his eyes and his ears and his nose and his mouth
Is the same inky dark substance that is extremely colorful at the same time. It's like dripping down from my eyes
Oh, yeah, do I look really fucking goth and badass? You look so
Cool, you're also in like Kevin's body
Which is like scarred up and you're in all black tactical gear like and I think canonically he was described
As Sam Elliott in Roadhouse
Oh my god he was
So Sam Elliott in Roadhouse but in like
an
amazing and possibly like
multi-fluorescent goth makeup just like
Streaming down his face Clark recoils John John your face
It's like you didn't even notice it Clark before but you knew like it was there
But you didn't know and it wasn't there at all because when you look into someone's face you see
What you know their face to be right you don't really see what they look like, you know, you see who they are
John you're you're you've got to you got something under your eye
It's it. I don't know. It's maybe it's maybe it's all maybe it's always been there. I don't I just never noticed that
You know this stuff around us
It's on you pass me your pocket mirror
Here's my compact I open Clark's compact and I take a look do I see yeah you see
Does it does it hurt?
He says it John's not quite responding, but you do see that he's crying again and it's kind of like
Those juggernauts here is he's not upset
That doesn't doesn't hurt
Look at me look at my glorious
Look at my glorious war paint
It
It's it it kind of suits you it's like I it's like I'm seeing you for real
It doesn't startle me the way I thought that it should I'm at this place. It's uh
You're here like a you're like a part of it, I don't understand John but it's
Yeah, yeah, that's right. It's it's you
He turns to dr. Marie Jacobs and it's like
Yeah, I'm from here
What
You
