Welcome, babies one and all.
Welcome, rabies one and all.
Get them shots before you foam at the mouth.
It's Wolf the Dog, here to administer your rabies medication live from 694.2 PTBB.
I don't accept insurance, but I'll gladly accept your soul as payment.
We wanted to give a few special shout-outs before we dip into this very special Plot Talk episode.
Spoilers abound, y'all.
First, check out our Reddit.
It's filled with a fun community.
You can find that at reddit.com r slash pretending to be people.
You can find a link to the Discord in there somewhere.
Come chat with us and hang out a little bit.
Also, go on over to twitch.tv slash pretending pod streams.
I've heard some dummy named Justin has been trying to stream more often lately.
And some of those other pretending to be people boys sometimes join in on the fun.
I wish I knew what streaming was.
Sounds like it involves a lot of liquid.
And you know I'm always all about that.
But that all is besides the point.
The point is that this episode is about discussing the finer points.
What is the point?
Where are we even?
Where do we go when we sleep?
Am I human after all?
Probably not.
But anyway, it seems these pretending to be people boys
finally figured out how to record from a distance at the scientist's insistence.
So with no more resistance, I howl out for assistance from the tune that fuels this wolf's existence.
It's kudzu with no back bone.
5, 6, 7, clap.
My last clap hit my fingertips a little, but it should be still loud enough.
That second one sounded like we did it in such unison
that I actually didn't think anyone else did it except me.
I think it was perfect, yeah.
Even the video aligned beautifully.
But also when I'm editing these, it makes me sound like the Dumbo.
Because if you're all set to this clap one, then you're all together.
And I'm slightly off from you.
So you say something and then I'm like...
Good one, Thomas.
Just like a little bit too late.
Anywho, I'll just match it up with the Zoom call and it'll all be good.
Hell yeah.
Getting it figured out.
Let me know when to go, daddy.
Oh, son, it is game time.
Hello everyone and welcome to the pretending to be people plot talk Q&A episode.
How's everyone doing on this beautiful spring day?
Real good.
Good.
Doing good.
I'm living large and I'm in charge.
Now, Zach, I'm going to need you to talk less because I am in charge of the podcast now.
You gave me the power and it will never come back.
Y'all just want to hop into some of these questions.
We got a whole lot of them to get through today.
Yeah, let's do it.
No, that's okay if we don't want to.
So first question.
Oh, do you want, do we, should we do a description of what we're about to do today?
Well, Luke and I are too busy changing our Zoom backgrounds.
Yeah.
Oh man.
Read this.
Luke's is reminding me of playing enter the matrix and it really
makes me want to bust out my PS2.
Read this stuff right above my head.
No.
I, a hacker, enter my world.
You call us criminals.
This is my manifesto.
Oh no.
This is creepy.
Is it actually a manifesto?
This says I didn't show it.
Show my work.
Did you just Google image search manifesto and then set it as your background matrix?
I like the thing that says damn kids.
They're all alike.
And then I can see hacker question mark.
Tasteless.
Thomas has a very, very cute Murphy behind him.
Oh, I love him.
We love Murphy.
I shouldn't say I love, we all love Murphy.
Which one should I set it to for the rest though?
I got quite a few.
What's your favorite?
Oh, I couldn't possibly choose that one.
Yeah, that one's a good one.
Yeah, I lied.
That one's the best.
This one's pretty good.
We all chose Ainsley.
Please get Ainsley.
Eats the Hills.
There we go.
Thank you.
There it is.
Not a baby eats a boy.
How do we have like what, three or four questions to do?
Yeah, just, just one or two, one or two quick ones.
So yeah, let's get to it then.
So we can really goof off.
So for anyone who's new to the podcast, maybe now isn't a good time to jump in.
Yeah, don't be here right now.
Yeah.
Go back to the first one.
Maybe this is the best time to grasp as much as you can.
Oh yeah, you can form a study guide and then go back to the beginning and re-listen to everything.
If you're one of those people who reads the last page of every book you read before you read it,
then yeah, then we don't want you listening to a podcast.
Fuck you.
This is going to be, uh, extreme spoiler heavy.
Spoilers you may not have even known existed before today.
Well, hopefully we're going to avoid some of that.
Basically what I'm going to reinforce here is going to be a look back at many of the
things we've forgotten and then basically just like theories and opinions from each
of the players on what is happening and what their plans are moving forward.
Luke just vaped in against the zoom green screen.
It looked fucking awesome.
All right guys, uh, first question comes from Glue B and it says,
what NPCs besides Drew do you trust the most?
None of them anymore.
Probably, um, oh, what's his face?
Daily.
Gary Daily.
That's a really good answer.
At the Daily-fa.
Daily and, and clinker.
Yeah, I definitely trust him.
Harry clinker of clinkers.
Who's the one that saw us or like put a spell on us when we were kids or something?
Uh, clinker, right?
Because it was in his daycare.
It wasn't his daycare, but it was his partner Gary Daily.
Okay, cool.
Yeah, that's my answer.
Yeah, that's a, that's a good dude.
We should, once we go back to contention, if we do, we'll probably get in contact with him.
And, and John Lee Pettymore still trusts his family.
Thomas, you actually asked the question when I had you guys ask questions and I would answer
them in dreams for you, uh, in which I really didn't answer the questions, but, uh, just
made weird fucked up dreams surrounding the idea of your question.
You asked if you could trust Gary Daily and Harry clinker.
And that's when you, that's where the scene of him putting the spell on us was, right?
Yeah.
And you also saw like his grandpa.
You later confirmed in a phone call on the way to the city.
You saw him like with the book.
Yeah.
He was, he was like, grandpa, you old wizard.
Joe, write that down so we can get back to it.
When we, what about you, Joe?
Clark definitely still, uh, has a lot of trust in Maggie just because of how their relationship
was before all the shit hit the fan.
He also has a little bit of trust in old Clark just because it's old him.
Like he sees his own face and thinks that I would, why would old me want to fuck me over?
And, uh, uh, until recently, I think, uh, Leon was high on his trust list and maybe
he's questioning that a little more these days, but yeah, a lot of, a lot of trust in
Maggie for sure.
Oh.
And, uh, he, he also still feels pretty strongly about his, uh, his, uh, fellow officers.
I don't think that he has a, a lot of mistrust in them right now.
I'd say the same for Keith.
Yeah.
Oh, uh, my niece, my niece, for sure.
Your niece.
She's family, you know,
bigger than blood.
Keith can trust anyone who he's killed because they can't betray him.
Um, this next one comes from the lay suit for the boys.
That's how I would say it.
I think, yeah, I think it's Lejuet.
The Lejuet.
Oh, I wouldn't.
Or Lejuet.
Yeah.
Like a, like a leisure Jesuit.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Yeah.
Oh, my mom was a leisure Jesuit.
Oh, I'll say.
They write for the boys, what hooks slash bangs do you wish you had followed up on?
And what are some of your favorite bangs?
Uh, I wish that we would have not royally fucked up when we saw that guy in the woods.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Great one.
That was, that was all about the roles though.
Kinda.
Yeah.
I mean, we didn't necessarily do anything wrong.
We just rolled terribly.
I want to say each of you rolled a critical failure, like a critical, critical failure
within like five minutes of each other.
Also, did we ever follow up on the note you got from the robot guy?
Not really.
That's one too.
What did it say?
Uh, hold on.
I was just reading this earlier.
I think, I think I know if you can't find it.
Remember when we were recording both the dog and I said a robot massage, and I thought
that was really funny that John Lee Fattimore was in love with a robot and got a massage
from, I mean, they would be good at it.
I bet if they were programmed for massaging.
Yeah.
You got to think about that.
Well, you got to think about the build structure.
I mean, you're not going to be metal, you know, if you're made from massaging, you're
going to have to come up with some very, very human like parts to get in there.
To really get in there.
Is your chiropractor a robot, Zach?
Yeah, but that's just because they're the best chiropractors.
Exactly.
And he's got no heart.
You need a man with no heart to really crack his spine.
Even if I die, my spine will be straight.
Yes.
And no, in the review, it just says that I sent it off to Drew to see what it says.
And it says, I killed the, oh wait, sorry.
Do you know it, Joe?
Yeah, it's I killed the chief's pops, John.
Right.
That's exactly what it says.
Word for word in binary.
Write that down, Joe.
Make a note of it.
See what, who else or what else?
I wrote down that I, uh, I wish we would have, um, explored the helmet some more.
We, we kind of got it and tucked it away and never really researched it.
I would have liked to have known more about it.
Who has the helmet now?
We do.
Oh, fuck.
Oh my God.
The cat's just knocked down my, uh, soundproof blanket.
Well, it made a whole lot of noise.
Ironic.
But yeah, for sure.
The, uh, the helmet would have been interesting.
I mean, you guys had a pretty long scene, uh, but none of the focus was on the helmet.
It was just on, um, you know, Luke and Keith Vigna and pastor Adam Kane.
Not liking, uh, each other pretty, pretty clearly.
Actually, I don't even think Keith Vigna like thought about pastor Adam Kane except for himself.
He gave me some food.
The second part of that was what are your favorite bangs?
I was a big fan the very first time we ever saw a creepy picture come out of that Polaroid camera.
I don't know if you consider that a bang or not.
That's pretty integral to the story, but it came out for sure.
Cool.
That's like a set charge, right?
It's like when they use this, this will happen.
It's like, I love doing this with people and locations once we're like into the game to be
like, it's up to them if they want to make this happen, but if they reach out to this person,
this will unlock this plot essentially.
It's like, if you happen to decide to call someone, then you're going to make something
happen there because you're not just going to call them and have nothing be happening, right?
Something will be happening, but if you don't call them, it's up to me to decide at that point,
like, well, what happened?
Is it still this interesting convoluted story or would that not be as interesting because
they weren't there for it?
I always want you guys there for the action.
So I don't know if this was a bang probably, but when Keith snuck on the bus and then all
the homeless people got on and I was stuck on it and you guys know what happened.
That was pretty good.
That was just their like written trajectory for that scene.
It's like, these people are going to do this and these are their objectives and this is
how they're going to do it.
And then you got into the exact bus that they were going to leave on.
Thomas, did you have a good hooker bang that, that really hooked you into the door while
hooking you?
Leo piston and, um, what's your face's body literally being banged, uh, banged into the
ground by the unseen forces.
Ooh, fuck.
Yeah.
That was a disturbing imagery moment that I personally loved.
Yes.
That certainly got John Lee Pettymore's attention.
That's awesome.
That was one of those things where I don't plan a lot in advance for like how things
are going to play out.
I did not expect Clark to critically succeed on a firearms check and kill her.
Old eagle eye Bishop.
You know it.
We got a next question here from super five-ish.
Super fish or super fish with a five is a F is super five-ish says what happened to
the grammar, poor torch-wielding would be invaders hinted at in the early episodes.
Are they still kicking about?
And this is, uh, this is in the, one of those pictures that you were talking about there,
Joe, but this is the picture I believe that was well.
Okay.
So I, I don't, I mean, I think that that is part of what is like being alluded to, but
I think he's referencing the note that we got it because when he said grammar poor,
it says we are striking with darkness, reading torches, hesitate, not, um, and it says,
are they still kicking about?
I don't, I don't know.
I assume it has something to do with the picture we saw of people holding torches, but I don't
know.
Yeah.
I completely misread that question.
I had to think about it when they, when they said grammar poor, I was like, who was grammar
poor?
And then I remember I thought we could all just tell from the picture of them that they
looked like they didn't know.
So any ideas?
I, we got a question about that now.
Let's just jump to it now.
Where is it?
A non a no, no, no asks when that cloud portal yeeted John Peters at the boy's car, where
was he thrown from?
Is that the place the spooky picture depicts?
Yeah.
I think so.
I like to think so.
Cause we had seen John Peters in the stocks in those pictures and it was that inky black
void.
So I fear he, if he was there and then not there, maybe he got spit out, but no, there's
nothing being confirmed one way or the other.
What's your computer notes say, Zach?
It just says in all caps.
Oh fuck.
Come up with something.
No, it's the answer.
It just, I'm looking at the answer.
Do you guys want me to screen share with you?
I've got a question here from the leisure for me or for someone who's got a name that
sounds like mine, but is spelled differently.
It's for Zach with a K from the original timeline slash campaign slash thing.
What dangling hooks do you wish the boys would have followed up on?
Yeah, I'd probably say the grammar poor torch wielding would be invaders hinted at in the
early episode.
Hey Joe, write that down.
By the, by the nature of the game and the story you're telling, there's nothing that
we couldn't like go back and follow up on if we really felt the need to.
That's absolutely correct.
Things might've changed since we first saw it, but there's no reason we couldn't go and
do a little more research on something.
Absolutely.
I think the next arc is going to start with you wake up and you're on four wheelers driving
to the woods.
Don't fuck up this time.
Well now I've got to change it.
Oh, just edit that part out.
Oh, we got another question here from Maladory asks Ari Manstein feels more important than
they have been given credit.
What were they and why were they working with the CPD?
Also, what about Jan Manstein and Stan Manstein for that matter?
Why could the only the boys understand Stan at the meaner?
Yeah, the fuck me.
And what does he mean by our past is different?
That's a loaded and a lot.
I I've got it.
I've got a theory.
I don't know.
What's your theory?
Stan obviously seems super important.
He was telling us a lot of really good info before we tried to kill him, but he was talking
about how pasts have changed and so I mean there's some kind of timey wimey thing that
for some reason we're all sure that we remember different names for Ari.
He kind of alluded to the fact that that's not going to happen anymore that she's a fixed
point in some way and that his his life is definite or her life is definite now.
I don't know, but he seemed to know a lot about how all this timey wimey shit is working
and I don't really grasp it all, but it seems super important.
I agree.
Hey, I've got a question.
I want you all to answer it on the count of three.
Who is the dentist in contention?
Do you have an answer in your mind?
I mean, I definitely can picture him and I know his business card.
Yeah.
I don't remember his name exactly.
Old man.
Moller?
Moller?
Well, so there was the the guy who told us he was a dentist, but he was helping settle
the estate right of James.
Yeah, he shit his pants.
But that is not Dr. Moller.
Right, there's a more of a real dentist or as he was not so much a dentist, maybe is
what we gathered from his card.
When did we meet a real dentist?
We didn't meet and we sent off dental records to a dentist one time.
Oh, I forget for what body.
It was for the body of Chief Maggie Cook.
Right, in the house explosion.
Yeah.
What was his name?
Was it another Andrews sibling?
No, his name was Randy Angst.
Randy Angst.
The guy who was at James the mill worker's house with you guys.
His business card said dentist and lover or something like that, right?
And historical society.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But yeah, just to point out that you guys sent off dental records to the only dentist
in town, Dr. Moller, and then you met a dentist named Randy Angst.
Write that down.
That's just a thing that happened.
Probably not important though.
I mean, I think we all noted it at the time that it was weird that he was settling in
a state and his card had like four different occupations on it.
But yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, I agree.
Thomas, do you have any theories about Ari Manstein?
I don't know who that is.
Tim Manstein was a colleague of mine.
One of the finest cops I ever knew.
Um, uh, yeah, we're actually going to be attending their funeral soon.
I think I got a question here from crane song.
Zach, what was the decision made by the players that stands out to you as the most derailing
what you had planned?
We know that you parenthetical allegedly.
I don't lie.
Had to rewrite the campaign after someone Thomas joked about it being the mine.
Were there any other parts of the campaign that had to be redone?
Any really, really, really obvious plot points that the players bypassed or previously pivotal
characters that were either killed or ignored?
I'm just imagining Zach control effing mine and changing it to mill every time.
Control H, baby.
So yeah, that was Thomas who did the mine thing.
And that was when I was still writing the story and I was like, yeah, you're right.
I shouldn't make it that.
Um, but, um, like rewritten, uh, constantly, I would, yeah, I rewrite stuff literally all
the time.
If you guys do something to affect my plan, then I have to rewrite everything.
And that happens like every single time we sit down to play.
Cause you guys are fun to play with, you make choices.
And that's the thing that matters most in role-playing is, uh, we're making the story
together.
So every time you make a choice, I get to play with that choice.
And that's why I like role-playing I'm with you.
That was the question, right?
Yeah.
I think you got it.
Obvious plot points that the players bypassed.
Yeah, of course.
All right.
So we've got a question here.
I was about to tell Joe to write it down.
Oh, previously pivotal characters that were either killed or ignored, uh, just on the
killed part.
Like, yeah, for sure.
Got a murderous crew.
I like straight up for one did not think that that car chase with Charles Donovan was going
to end in his murder.
Who would have done that?
I also didn't think you were going to murder every single person you came into contact
with at city state university.
They were coming right for us.
Oh boy.
We got one from a non, uh, no, no, no.
And they said, when that cloud portal yeeted John Peters at the boy's car, where was he
thrown from?
Is that the place the spooky picture depicts?
We did this one.
Oh, well, thanks.
Uh, go ahead and hit that antiseptic mouthwash goat sex picture.
Just wanted to share things.
And what happened to those kids that, that saw the gooey vacuum?
Thanks.
There were no kids.
And I don't, I don't know, uh, what vacuum incident you're talking about.
That's not a, that's not a thing.
Joe, Joe, no, no.
When we, when we got those kids killed, cause we, well, yeah.
Instead of telling them to run away or something, we told them to hold a vacuum.
No, we wouldn't have done that.
That's ridiculous.
No, they died.
That's I can't believe I wasn't involved in that one.
We can never let Vigna know.
We really keep those kids up.
Oh, so on the way to the city, you guys were on the phone with Harry Klinker on speakerphone
and John told that whole story.
With Keith in the car and Doug Jacobs in the body of agent Trent and Chad also in the car.
I tried to tell Trent Chad that it was like part of his trip, right?
That he was dreaming it or something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then that he was like, I don't know.
And he's like, no, no, no.
They just talk to each other like this all the time.
Yeah.
We got another one from J sake, which they wanted to make sure is not pronounced J sake
for audio formatting purposes.
I pronounce it like quote for sake, not Japanese rice wine.
J sake's question is does the daily pho have a yellow sign hanging on the wall?
Ain't on a no, no, no, no.
No, they commented.
Are we talking a specific yellow sign?
TM J state comments back.
I think so.
I'm doing a quarantine release.
I'm doing a quarantine re listen.
And when the art Gary has on the walls of the restaurant is described, it kind of sounds
like one is the yellow sign, not a yellow sign, if you know what I mean, but it could
be some other occult symbol.
I'm not familiar with.
I went back and listened to the description of all those things on the walls.
And one of them definitely sounds like a yellow sign description, but none of our characters
would know that like, there's no way that they would know that is what that is.
I bet John Lee Pettymore saw like the first 30 minutes of the first season of true detective
and didn't get it and turned it off.
Oh, thankfully they use a different yellow sign.
Also, the yellow sign can be anything.
They can look like anything.
So, but there is one that looks a whole heck of a lot.
Like when I Googled yellow sign, it sounded exactly like something you described.
Yeah, it does.
Doesn't it?
Looks like one of those things.
And then when, when you asked him what that one meant, he said, oh, that one is about
a land unknown.
Yeah, which we, we kind of took for granted because it's described as like question marks
kind of like it was a question mark with a line coming out the other side and yada, yada,
yada.
When I originally read that question, I thought it was a reference to like the yellow missing
signs.
And I was like, huh?
But now I realize nothing to do with that.
Speaking of nothing.
Okay.
Nothing for wrote us a question.
Look out world.
Sorry.
I am a transition guy.
Um, okay.
Nothing for wrote a question.
They wrote a question I actually was curious about too.
What happened to the FBI agents who visited the contention PD and said they'd be in contact
within 48 hours and Maladory followed up?
Weren't the agents at the den of sin when Marvin got terminated or were those different
agents?
Well, didn't the FBI agents say that they would call us if we didn't call them?
That's for sure.
Part of it.
And then we, we tried to call them.
Yeah.
Keith called them and got an automated, uh, system.
Yeah.
So we just kind of laid out that we needed to contact them, ask them stuff or something.
And it just was like, thank you.
Have a good day.
So that thread kind of ended.
And then, yeah, as far as the den of sin goes, I think that's what I'm operating under is
that that was them that we saw in the audience going into Marvin's room.
And I think I brought up with you guys that we don't know for sure what the fuck that
means.
That could mean that they are on Marvin's payroll maybe, or they had followed us into
the glass compound and we're trying to help.
I don't know.
I don't know what they were doing there.
I think we, we still would like to talk to them.
And their goal in front of your eyes, like what you saw was them get rid of silver or
not even get rid of, but just put one silver ball that none of them were touching into
the Nike bag.
Maybe the Nike bag teleported it to glass.
Straight to glass.
That's that could be.
I think you guys have had this conversation before.
I think we might've done it off the podcast one day.
Oh yeah.
I was reading, I was reading the overview of episode 34 and it's one where it's, I
think it's right before the entity shows up to yell at Clark Bishop about the book.
And you guys are all standing in the mausoleum courtyard, essentially, and just talking about
the plot for the entire time.
And the overview of that episode is just like intense plot point after intense plot point
after intense plot point after intense plot point.
So yeah, if you want to go for listeners 34, if you want to go back and listen to them,
try to figure some stuff out before we hop into this.
I mean, I know that's what this is, but damn, that episode is chock full of shit.
Nice.
I'll have to go back and listen to that one too.
All right.
Moving right along crush 36 rights.
Who do the robots work for?
Were the graveyard boys, robots or glass type dudes that we fought the first robot guy and
he had the, uh, so it was the double helix sees that created an M that we have like on
a ring and stuff.
We later found out from old Clark's Heidi hole in Jim Cook's house.
It's myriad.
It stands for myriad, which is a company that I think creates androids.
The, it was in operation stapler that they were like cutting costs on androids.
Yeah.
So yeah, I don't, did we find out who myriad was or what they were, what they were associated
with?
Were they owned or did they own the beans corporation?
I'll have to ask Keith's brother.
Bruce Robin was extremely emotionally affected by Keith having a myriad ring.
Oh, that's right.
When we were in the office, he saw your ring and was like, oh, he, did he have one on two?
He was really embarrassed by the faux pas.
How dare you?
He, he did have one on two, right?
Cause I tried to like touch them together.
I think.
Or am I making that up?
I don't, I don't remember.
I don't either.
I don't have an overview for that one.
You should get on that.
Then Zach, I'm just kidding for the listener.
It's our job to write some of these overviews and we suck at doing that on time.
We're like half the season behind.
I did two of them the other day.
It doesn't take very long if you listen at double speed.
However, I will say one of them was already done.
Shit.
Which one?
And Joe had done it.
So it was way more in depth.
I put on only the good stuff in there.
I didn't write a transcript.
Oh, Joe's putting a lot of fluff in those overviews.
He's putting up his font size.
He's not paying us by the word, Joe.
I can start paying you by the word if you want.
Oh, mine'll be so long.
It was the best of soads.
It was the worst of soads.
I'm always so nervous that Zach's word choice is going to be super important.
So if he says like her grimacing face,
I'm going to put in that grimacing just in case that means something later.
It only does like 25% of the time, but that's pretty high.
And then graveyard boys, robots or glass type dudes.
They weren't fish, if that was what the question was.
Did we ever investigate their bodies?
We didn't think they were fish, but they were weird,
like alien creature kind of things, right?
Oh, those boys.
The long, tall, like lanky gray entity that like,
and wearing a full suit screamed at Clark.
It screamed at me and I didn't know what the fuck.
But yeah, even at the time, I think we noted that it was,
there was a similar description between them and Marvin himself.
We wondered if they were of the same ilk.
Yeah, man.
I mean, yeah, they're described the same.
They look very similar.
Write that down.
They don't act the same at all though, which is an important distinction.
They certainly don't, but they also probably aren't human
based on those descriptions that I gave.
Not a lot of eight foot tall humans walking around.
Not a lot, Zach, but they're out there.
There are some.
Enough.
I don't think there's anyone eight feet tall in the world right now.
What Zach is saying is that if you're over eight feet tall,
he doesn't consider you human.
I completely agree with that.
Oh my God.
Watch fucking Chuckling Boy be like eight foot five.
Friendship with PTBP over.
Oh boy.
Speaking of, we got a question from Jayhawk Inc.
More from him later or her them later.
Are there any things that have quote official names
that haven't been named as such in the podcast?
Yes.
Like I don't remember the chanting fish men being called deep ones.
They weren't.
And they discovered that trove of weapons,
but only Joe mentioned that it was likely a green box out of character.
I'm curious if we've like seen a ghoul.
No, but didn't realize it was a ghoul.
No, because no one called it that, you know?
Yeah, probably no ghouls, but maybe.
I don't know.
I like to make ghouls look different than traditional ghouls.
I used ghouls heavily in a former campaign.
Eight foot tall.
So, you know, they weren't human creatures that tortured Joe's character's family.
He like woke up with like with like graveyard dirt all over him one night
and was like, what's going on?
That sounds just like Joe.
So yeah, definitely.
And also no.
Maladory has one for us.
So a question about ball.
If ball contains consciousness of some people,
how did it have John Pettymore the third's original body?
Also, how come some ball seems to act with intelligence when they take a body
and some kill themselves or go berserk?
That's a question about ball.
Excellent question about ball.
So I went through all these questions and typed out just little thoughts on all of them.
And this is one that I wrote.
I still don't know anything about ball.
Yeah, exactly.
I don't understand it.
No fucking clue.
I don't know for sure if I'm ball or not, but it's been implied for sure.
I don't know what that would mean for me or not for me.
I don't know much about ball at all.
Something we maybe should follow up on.
I don't know how though.
It seems like ball central was Marvin Glass's compound.
It does seem that way.
Let's head on back, boys.
We can still go.
No, if you'll remember, we were planning on going back there to intercept,
was it the FBI agents before they got killed?
We were going to talk to somebody and then Maggie showed up and she's like,
this will only take two hours.
And then all the university shit happened.
Yeah, I don't think so.
It's like the mill.
Zach doesn't want us to do that.
When I was reading back over the overview,
I noted in one of the overviews that I wrote early on and said,
they chose not to go to the mill.
Wow.
Well, this next one comes from crush 36.
I don't know if you all have any more ball thoughts.
No, no, that was perfect.
I have tons of plot ball thoughts, but you know,
can we, can we real fast think about all the balls we've seen?
For real though, I know the first one it was in,
it was in the potential green box in a tub that was filled with gore.
And when we opened it, it was a woman's head in the middle of it,
split open with a ball sitting in the middle of it.
So that was our first encounter with ball.
Ball one.
Is that the ball that you had in your pocket, Thomas?
I think so, right?
I believe so.
We've got tub head ball that then John pocketed.
And then the agents McKinley and Kennedy had their own ball.
When we, when we brought them the Nike bag,
they brought their own ball out of their pocket and popped it into the bag.
And we didn't tell them that we already had a ball.
I don't think.
So that's two balls we know of now.
Third ball would be whatever John himself is, right?
He or was the ball in his pocket.
What became him?
Do we know that?
I don't know if my character knows that and it's been said, I don't know.
So we don't have to say motherfucker.
You, you did, right?
Didn't you say that you were ball in your dad's body?
And then you were like, I think we're all ball.
I'm pretty sure that conversation happened at the cemetery.
Yeah, but I'm saying if I was the ball that I picked up and put in my pocket
and that's, that's how I became ball.
That would, that'd be big news.
I don't think that's true though.
And then, so the ball that was in Marvin's possession.
Right.
That, uh, Rosemary flung or no Marvin flung it at Rosemary, but yeah.
Do we know the origin of that ball?
Do we know if that was, came out of John's pocket maybe when we were last there?
Keith had seen videos of kids in rooms.
They tried to get them to touch the ball and it would come kill them.
So it seemed like maybe that ball had been there for a while.
Cause they had tapes and tapes and tapes of kids getting, it would rip their spines out
or tear them apart, right?
I believe it would rip their spines out and enter them and then repeatedly slam their
own head into the wall until they fell.
Are those all our ball thoughts today?
I think that's every ball accounted for that we know of.
So when you guys were standing on the water and Marvin Glass
pulled up the body of John Wayne Pennymore.
Oh yeah, that's right.
He popped it open like a jar.
I know plot-wise that didn't happen very long ago, but
has enough real-time past that you'll let me listen to those episodes, Zach?
Yeah.
Pump up them numbers, baby.
Slap some ads on there and then you guys can go back and re-listen everything.
Also, I'm wearing a pair of, I'm wearing a pair of MeUndies right now and they're super
comfortable.
My mattress isn't a Casper mattress, but boy, do I wish it was.
Man, I heard if you go to MeUndies.com and type in pretending to wear underwear,
you could get 15% off.
Long coupon.
All right.
Hold on.
I got a bag of chips I need to eat.
Maladori writes, back at the campsite flashback.
Oh, did you guys talk about the homeless people?
No, you skipped one.
Oh, did I?
Oh, shit.
Sorry.
Okay.
Our favorite fan, Crush 36 writes,
JK.
Crush 36.
Oh, it sounds bad no matter what I do.
Crush 36 writes, I'm re-listening on episode four.
What was up with all the homeless people?
I feel like I remember some call back to them later,
but it's not stuck in my head like the other major plot points.
I can take this one.
We found out all about them.
At Glass's facility, we rescued Kathy Piston and she kind of filled us in that she was
trafficking those homeless people to both the Circle of Knowledge and Marvin Glass.
Did you say you rescued her?
Oh, right.
Well, we took her down off the hook and talked to her for a while.
She was our MVP in the fish man fight.
She kept sniping dudes down and then a sickle got her right to the...
That's right.
I went back to listen to that episode so I could make sure that I wasn't divulging stuff
you guys didn't know.
And we did talk about this in the Circle that I told you guys, I know that the Circle of
Knowledge uses homeless people to keep the evil thing that I saw at bay.
And then I asked Kathy, so I know what the Circle of Knowledge is about.
What's Marvin using them for?
And she told us that he uses them for fights and that's all she knows and that she always
got the Circle of Knowledge homeless guys back in good, healthy shape.
Whereas the Marvin Glass guys came back, beat up and spent.
Or not at all, I believe.
Luke was just talking about seeing those videos of the experiments done with ball.
Gotcha.
And I believe it was evident that those were the people being used in those experiments
were the kids.
Orphan, no animals.
Yeah, just orphans.
Like poor ol' Walter.
I played FDR in Annie when I was in 8th grade so I can say all this.
I wore my underwear underneath my polio blanket.
Cool.
Are they me undies?
I've got a plug.
Does Casper...
Any other homeless people?
I believe not.
That was, yeah, very succinct.
I mean, there is a chance that Pastor Adam Kane is doing something with him also.
When we crashed his church, we went down into that cafeteria area.
And I think that you describe that crowd as a homeless-looking crowd.
I always knew there was something off about that guy.
I got the feeling he was like a middleman or something between.
Yeah, maybe.
Or he was in on it with the pistons.
Either way, the food was good.
He's like, I'll feed him.
You transport him.
I'll Jesus him.
You feed him the power of Christ.
Yeah, he could have been saving them all because he knew they were going off to die.
It's like a kind of nice thought.
Yeah.
I mean, he didn't try to stop it from happening.
Yeah, he seemed like that kind of guy.
Okay, express train to heaven.
Holy shit.
I love when you can buy that package at a church.
Yeah.
You're telling me all I have to do is beat up some kids in a cage?
Sign me up.
Like the Ozark mountain daredevil said, if you want to get to heaven, you got to raise a little hell.
To quote the Ozark mountain daredevils, chicken train.
Running all day.
Laser beam in my dream.
I really liked that community episode.
The chicken train one, or you got another episode here from Maladory.
We've got another episode coming up right now.
I hope Q and a special in a row.
No, I, we, Oh, I'm so excited to start playing again, but that is for the end of this.
Maladory on like five or six more Q and A's.
Back at the campsite flashback.
What was with the weird tree arm trap and mirror that threw a spear?
The only acting forces we see are K cell black goo and ball.
None of them really seem like trap people.
That's presumptuous and K cell burns the cabin.
So they weren't using it.
What does that mean?
What do you guys think that means?
It was the witch.
I've got a theory about it all.
So if you remember back to Stan Manstein's monologue, he talked about how Silas Cole
discovered the ooze and then became an inventor.
When I went into the cabin, I found plans for the gun and a bunch of tubes of ooze.
So I wonder if it has something to do with Silas Cole.
Maybe it was his laboratory or something, but the time thing is all crazy.
I don't know how any of that works out, but that's been my theory for a while now that
that has something to do with it.
Can I remind you of something else that you saw in the cabin?
It was paperwork for Cole's orphanage.
Right, right, right, right.
Further strengthening the coal ties.
Further strengthening the coal ties.
Perhaps.
I mean, it was just named after him, so who knows.
Was it named after him or his wife?
What was Mary Cole?
There was something that was named for Mary Cole.
Do we remember what that was?
I believe the library.
Oh, okay, okay, yeah.
That's been my theory.
I don't know anything really about how the traps or mirrors or weird tree and all that
stuff worked or if, I don't know.
I don't know any of it.
That's just been what I've, the two dots that I've connected myself.
What do you guys think the cabin was?
I don't know.
I mean, I didn't get to explore the woods very much.
I forgot you were stuck in a tree for a lot of episodes.
You got to become the woods.
The whole time, I think.
You hung out with some people, though, before you ran away from them.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
I got freed by the agents or whatever, but then I got killed, so I don't know.
Yeah, that was something my character didn't interact with a whole lot.
I don't know much about them.
Because they were scoping out the cabin after they freed me.
I don't really know, though, especially like the, I don't think, I don't think the weird
tree thing was like a trap necessarily.
I think it was more like supernatural.
Gotcha.
And I'm an expert on it.
Studied it.
Any other thoughts on the traps?
Yeah, Thomas, when you went into, when you got on the other side of the moat, you found
a room that I don't think anybody else went into.
What was in that room?
On the inside of the moat with the cabin, there was like a storage.
Oh, was it all the dead orphans?
It was a lot of dead bodies without their spines that were hanging like on racks with
a closet full of their clothes.
That's so spooky, which is why I must have blocked it out.
So yeah, that's like ball.
I will say when I went back and listened to those, I was super incredibly frustrated that
when I went into that room with the plans for the gun, you were like, there's these
ooze like coffin things and there's these paperwork and there's these diagrams.
And I investigated all of those, but you also said there's a chest in the corner.
And there's a wooden trunk.
Never, it never got brought up again.
I totally forgot to check into it.
There could have been something cool inside.
I wonder, I think that that was why I decided not to check it out is because I thought I
knew what it was, but to have not actually said, let's open that bad boy up.
It might've.
It was real frustrating to listen back to.
I think that's probably something that the listeners can relate to.
All right.
Justin, you have any theories about the woods?
Oh, they seem bad and like you shouldn't be there.
Nope.
And you shouldn't be putting your arm inside of a weird monster tree that desires flesh.
I was so glad that you did it like right away.
You just did it so quick.
I mean, it's funny.
It's funny looking back, but it was like you said a loop trap.
Almost as if what does this button do?
Oh boy.
Whatever happened to our naked raccoon friend?
Oh, right.
He's he's did he get killed at the end?
Did I, did I see him get killed?
How long do raccoons live for?
Uh, I'll Google it.
I'm going to say four years.
Two to three years, 28 inches, two to three years in the wild.
And 10 to 15 years old as a pet.
Oh wow.
We should be getting more raccoons as pets.
What if there's a human inside?
Uh, split the diff.
That's what Google says.
Human inside, not outside.
Human inside.
Yeah.
I accidentally Googled how long do raccoons.
How long do raccoons Zach?
So they, uh, Jay Hawk Inc asked any of the side story characters that could show up in
the main story or the inverse, like the boys getting to explore the calm, comfy campgrounds.
Uh, yeah, I, um, I made plans a while ago for the calm, comfy campgrounds in case you
guys wanted to go there as far as side stories showing up in the main story.
Um, it's all main story, baby.
I know like some of them are in the past, but this is all one big story.
That's all interconnected.
So it's all main story.
So they could all show up anywhere if they're still alive or if they're not, maybe, uh,
Jay Hawk Inc also says, I think I'm going to make one of my social distancing projects,
quote, re-listen and fill out the Wiki.
Hell yeah, but do it.
Good luck indeed.
But yeah, that would be sick.
Uh, I'll send you the overviews of the episodes if you want help with doing that.
And then, uh, they also said, and maybe pay more attention to the community.
I don't follow on Twitter for some reason, do it that pretending prod on Twitter and
didn't even know we had a discord until it was mentioned in the last episode.
How dare you?
How did I not know we had a discord?
How did you not know we had a discord?
We never talk about it.
I mean, we kind of mentioned it offhandedly, but I don't think we've, have we ever like
explicitly shouted it out on the show?
I don't know.
I think Wolf the dog does it fairly often.
And it's definitely not in any of the early episodes.
That is true.
But I'm afraid at this point because the discord is awesome.
And the more people join, the more likely for it to be not awesome anymore.
Oh, it's, it's easy.
You just ban them when they're dumb immediately.
Shout out to crush 36.
Shout out to pretending to be Justin.
Mod it up boys.
We got another question.
This one's a fun one.
Guys, lighten up.
You're taking this way too seriously.
This is a fun one.
Crane song asks, let's suppose the boys parentheses, including Drew and Maggie and whoever
Zach decides is covered by quote, the boys were put under quarantine like we are today.
Assuming that for some reason, contention PD is not considered an essential service,
which I love.
How do you, how do they, how do they spend their isolation or would they ignore?
Oh, don't give that option to them.
Would they ignore a statewide stay at home order?
That's unfortunate.
We know the answer.
Yeah.
But unfortunately, you know, John Lee Pennymore would.
I know the first thing that would come out of your mouth is that John Lee Pennymore wouldn't
give a fuck.
Well, he would like, Oh my God.
Such an idiot.
I know.
And there's this dude I know on Facebook, the shit he's posted about COVID is like,
definitely what the kind of media like John Lee Pennymore would consume.
Oh, like baseless theories about how it's like trying to control us as a population.
Like, yeah, like 5g conspiracy theory shit.
Oh yeah.
So just like true stuff.
Yeah, the straight shit.
Honestly, he might take it seriously.
Uh, he might be that kind of like prepper conspiracy theorist who's like, kind of been
waiting for this, but he also just has like a lot of land.
So he's probably out there just like shooting guns all day and riding around on like a four
Wheeler and watching his DVDs.
Any existential crisis inside John Lee Pennymore about enjoying the quarantine?
No, I don't think John Lee Pennymore ever sweats having a good time.
Why are you going to feel guilty about living your life, baby?
Not much would change for Clark.
He just wouldn't be going to work, but he'd still be at home.
Uh, maybe he'd break out his old jigsaw puzzles and, uh, he might, uh, he might teach
himself how to cook, not a TV dinner.
He might learn to boil an egg.
I have 40 boiled eggs.
He gets a chef's hat with one notch in it.
What about Keith Vigna?
Uh, Keith gets a side job delivering newspapers in his cruiser and then continues to cruise
around the city the whole day, basically ignoring that he's not essential and just to have some
sort of authority.
That's worse than John's.
Oh, that's worse than John's.
Yeah, except for the Facebook share.
Like I harass people in the parking lot of the grocery store.
You're just hanging out at the first church of contention every Sunday and Wednesday,
handing out tickets.
Yeah, exactly.
I think Wolf the dog would seize as much power as he possibly could since he knows everyone's
stuck at home listening to him constantly.
It's like Mitch McConnell.
You could also just like maybe fuck off to like another time until things get like, I'm
going to where the garbage is.
People have been very conscious of their garbage.
What would Drew be doing?
Would he be working on his, uh, his YouTube channel?
I think Drew would honestly, uh, get really upset.
He lives alone.
So he would get really, really lonely.
And every day that went by without a zoom call, uh, or even the request for, uh, any
sort of friendship would lead him to slowly stop enjoying the things that he previously
liked, like playing Minecraft.
For his millions of YouTube subscribers.
Shit does that, I just remembered that Drew and John are millionaires.
John would be much more of a problem.
He would have been down at his ass off and like Pensacola.
Just being a problem.
And Drew, I would assume is like maybe having a good time ordering himself everything he
ever wanted from Amazon.
I think, uh, he is just waiting that extra week and trying to avoid articles about any
sort of worker strikes, uh, in order to feel fine about ordering from Amazon.
And meanwhile, he's just got like maps of different cities up on his wall and stats,
uh, for how many potential youths lives can be changed with the money that he's bringing
in for each city, uh, trying to decide where he can do the most good.
Wow.
And a boy.
Good job, Drew.
He only has $5 million.
He's got a $10,000 Mike, uh, Minecraft computer and all the cool ASMR stuff you could imagine.
So much bubble wrap.
All the bubble wrap.
The only music Drew listens to is ASMR Youtubers.
And bubble wrap.
Bubble wrap.
Oh, you guys, this is a really good bubble wrap compilation.
Bubble wrap would be a great name for like a kid's hip hop album.
Oh yeah.
It works at least in three ways that I can think of.
Bubble wrap sounds like a Kiro Kiro Benito album.
Oh, Oh, Thomas.
We got a speed round.
We got to hit when Thomas gets back speed round round.
They're all about me and the things that I am going to say.
So I want you guys to ask me these questions as fast as you can.
And don't decide who goes first or who goes next, but please go as fast as you can.
BazingaBegins asks, who are the four skeleton boys on the PTP logo supposed to be?
Do they have one-to-one analogs in the story?
Which came first, the story or the logo?
It is Luke, a cowboy, an FBI MIB type agent.
And, oh, fuck.
What's the last one?
I'm blanking.
I'm blanking so hard.
A cop.
It's a cop with a mustache.
A one-to-one analogs in the story.
No.
Which came first, the story or the logo?
The story.
But the logo, while not one-to-one analogs is definitely, I chose them for a reason based
on the whole story that we're telling.
So get ready.
Jayhawk Inc.
Just how big is contention?
Like there was a school bus full of homeless people, but I'm not sure where they all came
from.
How many people work at Contingent PD?
5,000 people live in contention or slightly fewer.
And four people, five people work at Contingent PD.
No, six.
The three of you, Drew, Maggie, and Ray, Ari, Tim, Florence.
BxBori9181 asks, I feel like clothes in certain situations are very important.
Am I imagining that or is it so?
It is very important.
It's an audio medium where I have to describe people and then you have to remember them
for later.
So I have to keep the same descriptions of either what they're wearing or what they look
like every time they pop back up or most of the time when they pop back up, depending
on how subtle I'm trying to be.
Nice.
BazingaBegins asks, after season one wraps, will Zach be posting full lore notes slash
background?
Any chance of turning this into an official module for Delta Green?
Turning this into an official module for Delta Green would take as much time as writing a
book and I'm willing to put it in if we can make it happen.
But our Patreon would have to be at a higher level and we'd also have to get Delta Green
behind us to publish it.
But if they don't want to publish it and the money's there, I will definitely spend the
time to write this thing out into a full book and get illustrators and do maps for every
building and everything and it would be fucking awesome and I would love to do that.
Jayhawk Inc.
How many clues did the group miss or misinterpret before the ding was edited in after correct
guesses?
Clues have been missed and misinterpreted constantly from the beginning and that's how
role-playing works constantly and that's what makes it so much fun.
The ding was only in like one or two episodes and it was for fun.
LordDary asks, have you guys ever thought about a collaboration with Last Podcast on
the left?
I dream about it every night.
I love Last Podcast on the left.
Everyone should tweet at Last Podcast on the left and be like, hey, you guys don't have
a role-playing podcast on the Last Podcast network.
Maybe you should have one.
And then mention us.
Don't forget about that part.
Yeah, that would be, yes, thank you, Luke, please.
Next.
Bazinga Begin says, how long did you think it would take the boys to play through the
campaign, i.e.
how many episodes did you think season one would be?
What's the most important detail that got added after your initial plans?
40 episodes tops, whole thing.
I was like, easy, done, for sure.
What's the most, and it'll probably be 100 is my guess currently.
What's the most important detail that got added after, all of them, all of them got
it added after the initial plans.
What I planned was just background and the first like two episodes.
Jayhawk Inc, is there a list of loose threads or abandoned or unresolved elements?
Yes.
OkayNothing4 asks, what happened to the gun, helmet, radio, etc?
They just vanished from the story?
They vanished from the story because the players aren't where they are.
The radio and the helmet are in the contention evidence locker and the gun and the camera
are in Marvin Glass's compound.
Jayhawk Inc asks, has anything been forgotten by accident that might have changed the story
if it had been remembered at the time?
Yes, 100%, absolutely, constantly.
I think that's the story of the podcast.
If you remember something, it becomes more important.
Thomas, read that last one.
Hold on.
It's a speed round, come on.
Bazinga begins.
On page what counts as a story?
Speed round.
Sorry, when you said last one, I went to the last one.
We got to keep saying speed round.
Speed round.
All right, Bazinga begins.
What counts as a story arc on the show?
The past two episodes mentioned that season one has three more story arcs left.
How many have there been so far in your opinion and where are the breaks roughly?
You read that so well and I really appreciated you doing that.
Like your cadence was perfect and your voice-
Speed round.
Can you read it as fast as you can?
I'm just curious.
I think it'd be fun.
Bazinga begins.
What counts as a story arc on the show?
The past two episodes mentioned that season one has three more story arcs left.
How many have there been so far in your opinion and where are the breaks roughly?
That was amazing.
That was so impressive.
Should we all, at the same time, all at the same time as fast as we can?
Three.
Count us down.
Three, two, one.
What counts as a story arc on the show?
The past two episodes mentioned that season one has three more arcs left.
How many have there been so far in your opinion and where are the breaks roughly?
Nice.
I fumbled a few words.
It was kind of weird hearing it all at the same time.
It was like a speech jammer.
Everyone answered at the same time.
No, so there have been seven arcs so far.
There are three left.
That'll be 10 total.
Episodes one through 14 was the start to the FBI agents leaving contention.
Episodes 15 to 25 is the next arc.
Flashbacks of their past to the officers leaving contention.
Episodes 26 through 35 is them going to the city to chanting inside Ari Manstein's mausoleum,
which is where we've, you know, the end of where we've reset to.
And then 37 to 46 was the glass compound in Planet Juggernaut.
47 to 53 was the woods in the past.
54 to 64 was the numbers in City State University.
And 66 to 72 is calm comfy campground, also in the past.
That is the end of that.
Yes.
And then bonus arc is eight Q&A episodes.
Yeah, and we have Maladory asks, what is your favorite type of plot?
I am personally a big fan of scatter, but I can't fault anyone who enjoys a good box plot.
I'm a graph kind of guy.
I like a probability plot.
I like a good one.
I like pie.
I like when the plot thickens.
Damn Guardian asks, are we going to see Drew again?
Everyone answer on the count of three.
One, two, three.
Absolutely.
Hell yeah.
Yeah, no doubt for sure.
That is the end of the speed round.
I didn't know that's where that speed round ended.
I think we nailed it so fast.
I can't wait to listen to us all ask the question at the same time.
It's my favorite part of the episode.
Uh, so we've got a question here from Maladory asks with contention being abandoned or emptied
recently and the town having turned against the CPD because of the non-denomination specific
pastor, is anyone there left around or is it mostly just the people in the city?
Did anyone actually make it out or was everyone gobbled up by the old goo monster?
Curious as to what your guys's thoughts are on the matter.
Is he actually non-denominational or is he, uh, like Pentecostal or a Baptist?
He is non-denominational, but not the denomination of non-denom.
Just he doesn't have a denomination.
First church of contention, pastor Adam Kane.
I think that we can answer that when we go back.
Yeah, that's, that's what I wrote in my little notes here is that we don't know for sure.
I think Drew has told us that it seems dead around the city or around contention.
I have a feeling that we will arrive, uh, to a nightmare scenario, but that's just my guess.
Or everything's fine, probably.
Everything's just completely back to normal.
Which would be almost even scarier.
If we've done our jobs right.
In the last numbers arc, the city university arc, did we, we tried to call Drew a few times,
didn't we? And it just kept going to voicemail?
Yeah.
Okay.
So go, going back to that last question, probably not then.
Okay, nothing for, how have the decisions made affected the trust held between the
three contention PD officers?
How did it affect you when you found out that I killed my brother?
It wasn't great.
I, uh, I feel like Clark still has a level of trust for you guys though.
Just because we've gone, we started at zero and we've gone through so much crazy shit together
that like, I'm a little more understanding about you doing fucked up shit in this world now.
I think possibly it has raised the trust level.
Probably for Keith it has.
Yeah, definitely like I've seen Keith handle himself in these situations now.
And so I don't think it, I don't think he was surprised to learn about Keith killing his brother.
That tracks, that tracks.
Yeah.
But I think I definitely find Keith more capable than I might've at the start of the series.
I think Keith has gotten more capable as time goes.
It's been hours since I've been a truly pathetic police officer.
Crane song asks players.
Are there any in character secrets that you suspect the other players are keeping from you?
Any theories about the other characters that you aren't sure of, but you're willing to share?
So don't answer that one right now.
I don't know.
Can you hear me?
Don't do it.
Yeah.
Pretend you can't answer it.
Uh, so I'm going to break you guys off as soon as this quarantine's over.
I'm just going to break you guys.
Bring it, bitch.
Break a piece off of you, Joe.
Hey, okay.
I'd like to see you try.
Break me off a piece of that Joe Terry.
Come on, get a snack.
So, uh, so yeah, be thinking about, uh, whether or not you have any theories on the other
characters while, uh, who's going to pee first.
I have to pee.
Want to see all the bubblies I've drank so far?
One, two.
Oh my God.
No way.
Three.
No, you're not going to pull.
Four.
Four?
You're out of control.
And then two, two in the trashcan that I've thrown away.
And this is the one I'm drinking right now.
That's an expensive habit you're picking up there.
Well, I'm in my parents' house, so they're buying it.
Those are the three Coke Zero I drank.
Oh, wowzers.
I had two cold brews and I am sweaty.
I had a small water bottle and now I'm working on a big water bottle.
Fuck off.
Shut the fuck up, Joe.
Oh, I added, uh, I added Emergen-C to the small water bottle.
Oh, nice.
I've been drinking a lot of that too.
I haven't drank alcohol this whole quarantine, so I've been replacing it with bubbly and
Pocky sticks.
Nice combo, man.
Yeah, it makes me have to pee and poop all the time though.
So, bye.
All right, I'm going to sing.
Should I take my headphones off?
Cause I can hear what you guys say in the bathroom.
You shouldn't have told us that and you should have just popped up like a cool bathroom guest.
All right.
I am going to send Thomas off to the waiting room and I'll bring you back in shortly.
Bye.
Bye.
Oh, that's fun.
Hi.
Oh, zoom is so much easier than having the, like you guys in the living room, like screaming
at each other because we're all the loudest people ever.
I hope that they remember to keep their recordings going and that you get to hear what we talk
about when we're in the living room.
Oh yeah.
I didn't think about that.
Wait, can you guys see each other when you're in the waiting room?
They can't hear you, nor can I tell you the answer to that.
Do you want to put me in the waiting room and then bring me back?
He's gone.
Oh no.
All right.
Let's bring him back.
We sent a scout into the portal.
Oh God.
No, it was just a blank screen.
There's nothing on the other side.
Oh God.
That's almost worse than what I was expecting.
I've seen the waiting room.
Somebody Thomas changed his name to mommy.
Hey, that's fun.
I like that.
Okay.
What's up, Joe?
You're the only one who's here.
I've got a question for you.
Justin is also here.
Got a question for you.
It's Hey, who is Angela Fairfield?
So it turned out I believe it was Annie or Ann.
It was, uh, the woman that killed Clark's parents.
And I kind of wish I would have, it would have dawned on me at the time in
role-playing, but the little girl who I think we're assuming is Maggie now came
running up the sidewalk and was like, and, and good to see you.
And I think I failed a human role to see how Ann reacted to that and how James
reacted.
Yeah.
But yeah, it, after the fact, I, it kind of, it, uh, it all, it all came around
full circle too.
Oh, I remember you realizing after we'd stopped recording and you were like,
what?
Zach, you motherfucker!
Like you like really, and I, I never...
To have made Joe married to the character that killed his other character's
parents was a really weird mind fuck.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Yeah, you nailed it.
Also renamed the parents.
Yeah, Jerry and Eunice.
Love that.
I wrote down in my notes here that I wanted to remind the audience that Clark
actually saw Ann in the circle of knowledge room when he very first was
brought there.
He saw a glimpse of her as a door shut closed.
So another reason I should have picked up on the fact that she was running in
the circle of knowledge crew.
Probably you would have expected her to still be in jail, likely, based on you
being at her hearing and her pulling a double homicide.
And admitting to it on the stand.
She said, I did it and I do it again.
One might've assumed that she would not be free to go wherever she pleased.
But there's also a timey-wimey fucky thing going on with Clark's memories too.
So, I mean, there's a little bit of like, did that happen?
Did that not happen?
Did that not happen?
Yeah.
It's real, it's real, real wild for him.
I think if we're this deep in the game and you're not questioning reality, then
you're not paying attention.
Bazinga begins asked, so Clark and Maggie, is Clark in love with her or what?
Maybe in like an Oedipal way, but I think it's way more of an authority
figure that he respects and wants the approval of.
I think he's got hots for teacher.
Yeah, there you go.
Maybe that, but it's, it's not surface level romance for sure.
Maladory asks, are we going to see more about Clark's parents?
What info can you give us that we know about them, but might not have stuck in?
All the best letters got me emotionally.
And I hope Clark finds some closure there.
So early on, we mentioned that we gave Zach the free reign to do whatever he wants to
our characters' backstories.
And he's done exactly that with the parent stuff.
That was never written into my character description.
So I'm learning and absorbing as much as the audience is when all that stuff comes up.
So as far as stuff that stuck out to us that we, or maybe that hasn't stuck out to
us that needed to have stuck out to us, I hope I didn't miss any of that.
But I'm loving it.
I think it's, you were already given the best letters is a really fucking ominous
and cool hook that I'm, I really want to explore so much more.
Yeah, I feel like it's, but yeah, I'm right there with you.
I feel like it's adding a really interesting wrinkle to Clark's weird character.
Totally.
I'm loving playing it too.
Yeah.
When we found old Clark's hidey hole and we found that tape of his parents playing on
Wheel of Fortune, that was a really cool just moment.
Like what the fuck's going on?
Yeah.
I have a question.
Why do you, other than, nevermind.
So let's see.
Clark's parents were seen in the flashback, obviously.
We've got the picture as well.
Oh yeah, fuck.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Jim Cook's house.
Jim Cook was friends with my parents.
I forgot about that.
It's just a picture of them with Jim, right?
Yep.
And they're all like smiley.
I think your parents were smiling and Jim Cook was like.
Yeah, he was stern.
Audio medium.
He was stoic.
It's weird.
I have more trouble with that now that we're on Zoom than I ever did when we were literally
face to face.
I don't know.
And then we've got them being at the circle of, yeah, sure.
At the circle of knowledge's calm, comfy campground, right?
So curious as to like metagaming, what your thoughts were when you found out that your
parents had been to comfy campground.
You were freaking me out that you were trying to imply that Anne was my mom.
Now I remember that we saw the names on the tapes.
Eunice would never.
I was like, what the fuck?
Yeah, no, seeing Eunice and Jerry, I mean, so yeah, it's metagame wise, it's all coming
together that they had something to do with the circle of knowledge.
They were, or actually maybe not the circle of knowledge, the tapes were people who had
participated on the island.
So maybe the circle of knowledge needed something from them.
Yeah, that's what it is.
They needed something from Clark's parents.
Holy shit.
I didn't put that together until just now.
That's super fucking dope.
It's, I have a few theories already now what they might've got.
Oh, that made me really happy watching your face change.
That's dope.
That was cool.
Yeah.
All right, let's move on.
Bazinga begins asks, what happened to Clark's heart?
It got poked out.
Next.
Very succinct.
Okay.
I think maybe what they were actually going for is where did we leave it?
And I don't remember exactly.
I was showing Maggie and she pulled the rod out in front of me and like reassure me that
I would be okay.
And I think we just went to the next scene.
I think I left it there.
Yeah.
Clark didn't take it with him.
So it is at them.
Is it in like a little cooler assume and it says Clark's bag of ice.
I'm hoping that they don't touch Clark's.
I popped it into the freezer.
Okay.
Nothing for asked how many versions of Clark Bishop have there been so far?
Oh, I'm curious.
Did you look this up?
I did it from memory.
But I don't know the, I don't know totally.
Okay.
So I'll tell you the instances that we've seen other Clarks, uh, one ran into the police
department and told Drew not to go to Maggie's house.
There was one that was running across a field while I was standing in my kitchen.
And it was right when the circle of knowledge first abducted me.
Like I saw him running toward me and realized it was, it was a Clark.
And then I blacked out and woke up in the circle of knowledge.
And then we've just got the old Clark's fuckery.
He's in a robe and doing symbols and shit.
I don't know how to categorize that if that's like a bunch of different Clark bishops, or
if it's the same Clark bishops at different points in his life, coming back to touch my
Clark's life.
I don't know how to differentiate.
So I, yeah, so that's the, those are the instances of different Clarks, unless I'm forgetting
one.
Do you remember if there was another Zach?
No idea, man.
Uh, that'll do it for the, wait, I want to answer the, uh, lead in.
Oh yeah.
Crane song asked players.
Are there any in character secrets that you suspect the other players are keeping from
you or any theories about other characters you're not sure of, but you're willing to
share?
So the only thing that I think is maybe being, maybe purposefully kept from me, but I don't
know if it's that, or if it's just Thomas not remembering, but I feel like he saw files
that had a lot to do with all of us.
And he told me like he saw an in one of the files and love.
I just don't know if he was being cagey with me because he, there was more in the file
that he didn't want to share with me or if he was just not remembering it all.
I feel like that is an interesting thing that Clark would like to know more about all the
files that Thomas saw.
And then also everything that happened to John Lee Pettymore is a little bit fuzzy as
far as truth or not truth.
But I, again, I don't know for sure if it's purposeful or not, but yeah, I think that's
fair.
And those are the big ones that I'm, I'm curious about anything, theories about other
characters that you aren't sure of, but you're willing to share.
Clark is really fucking conflicted about Maggie.
I feel like he, there's a lot of signs pointing to her being shady, but she showed him the
fucking scary thing that scared the wits out of him.
So he just knows that he needs to make that not a thing.
But like we found that note that was maybe her dad saying that Maggie, like he had underlined
and over-lined words to like maybe cast aspersions on Maggie.
And you found that in the secret room at Jim Cook's house.
That that we're, we're rolling with the theory that it was maybe where old Clark was living.
So I just, yeah, I don't know.
Clark is super conflicted.
Joe is super conflicted about where to stand with Maggie.
Yeah.
Again, he's, she's somebody that he would trust implicitly though.
So he's, he's going to go along with it until something smacks him over the head.
I think.
Yeah.
Thank you, Joe.
Thank you.
I love having you as a player.
I love playing with you.
You're my favorite.
I'm going to, I'm going to go, I'm going to go tell them.
And let's get Joe the fuck out of here.
Get the fuck out of here, Joe.
I'm glad you lied to him about being your favorite.
He, he needed it.
He, I mean, he has to have it.
He just like, Oh man.
Obviously, obviously player.
Let's see.
I'm pulling Thomas up right now.
Let's see if he's here.
There he is.
Hi.
I got one question for you, baby.
Yeah.
Where the money at?
Oh man.
I wish I knew.
Not in podcasting.
Yeah.
If anybody finds out, let me know.
Do you know where the money that you made from the drug deal as John Lee
Pettymore is currently?
Yeah.
John, John knows he's not going to tell anyone.
I'm cool with that actually.
Yeah.
Oh, I mean, you're going to bullshit your way out of it.
That works for me because I looked it up and we never talked about where you hid
the money before you passed out drunk.
So I would assume that you hid the money somewhere.
That's the answer.
John doesn't quite know.
It's perfect.
Oh my God.
I keep saying that there's only three arcs left, but I keep thinking like you
literally, you brought this idea to me how long ago, months ago you were like,
there should be a Pettymore.
Everybody plays Pettymore's.
Yeah.
That it's like 25 years in the future.
An old man Pettymore's property.
You're trying to find the old John Lee Pettymore money.
And then Drew also had $5 million.
However, it was taken from Drew by Rosemary.
But then John took it back from her.
And so it is in the evidence locker along with the helmet and the radio.
Do you have any suspicions that you're being lied to by either of your fellow PCs?
Yeah, probably Joe.
I don't think we're getting the straight dope on the COK.
The what?
The circle of knowledge.
Oh, the COK.
I really honestly am shook that we've never called it that before.
Any theories or do you think Luke's being straight with you about what Keith Figna's up to?
I think Luke's been almost perfectly straight with us about what Keith Figna's been up to.
If he's pulled any punches then...
That's a good strategy.
Yeah, like, oh, I murdered my brother.
Like, be upfront about that so you can hide a smaller betrayal.
That makes me nervous about being your friend.
That's a really good strategy.
It's Keith's strategy.
Sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure.
Any other thoughts before your time to go back into the void of the waiting room is your reality?
Yeah, just namaste.
Oh, thanks, bud.
Thanks, dude.
I love you.
Love that.
God, I just, I think that's so cool of you.
Get the fuck out of here.
Randy's gone.
All right, let's bring in...
Oh, fuck, I actually used his real name.
We've been using fake names on the podcast this whole time.
Oh, shit.
Uh, hey...
I accidentally said your real name.
Doesn't have headphones.
He doesn't have his headphones in.
So I totally doxed you and...
Is his microphone even on?
Hey.
Hi.
Uh, hey, Luke.
Sup, sup.
Uh, what do you think about the watch?
The watch?
Yeah, the watch.
Oh, the watch.
Shit, I don't really know.
I think it's something to look into.
Yeah, I remember I saw...
I was, like, digging through the ground and I saw...
What did it say?
Like, it was at Beans Pond.
Is that right?
You did see Beans Pond in your weird, like...
Like a vision?
When you put on the watch, it felt like your consciousness was changing the channel
and you began to phase out of your reality
and then you seemed to be somewhere else entirely.
You felt wet grass and dirt on your fingers
and you were looking at a door in the ground
like a sealed metal door that was mostly buried
and on the door was an inscription that said
So it's my parents' tomb or something?
And then I did see that that was at Beans Pond?
Or is that a different part of the vision?
I think you just saw Beans Pond, like, in that vision?
Because you brought it up later, but it's not on the overview.
Okay, because I remember that part.
Yeah.
And that is locked up in a safe in my motel room, right?
Hotel motel, baby.
So it...
I mean, definitely we need to go check that out.
I even said that we need to go check out Beans Pond at one point.
Yeah, you definitely did.
So probably go get that watch and maybe see what happens if the other boys put it on.
Hmm, interesting.
Joe, write that down.
Joe?
Joe?
Joe?
Joe?
Maladory writes,
Is there any beans left or is Keith the last standing member?
Oh, the last standing inheritor.
So my bro's dead.
My parents are dead.
His wife is dead.
Is my niece alive still?
Well, I don't know.
We never saw her die.
So possibly, I guess, she would inherit my brother's stuff.
But I think it's just me, Bean, and my niece.
Do you have any theories about your fellow officers?
Any secrets you think they might be hiding from you?
Things they're lying about?
I think that Clark probably knows more than he's leading on about the circle,
since he's the only one that's visited it.
I don't know if he knows more about, like, old Clark,
but I think there's maybe something that he hasn't necessarily lied about,
but just hasn't let up.
And then who fucking knows with Pettymore?
Nothing off the top of my head that I can think of,
like, that I have a suspicion about, but I'm sure there's something.
He's always being sneaky and hiding shit.
Always sneaky.
Always hiding shit.
John Lee Pettymore.
Are we all back now?
The crew's back together.
Welcome.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to Calm Camfy Comf Grounds.
Calm Camfy Comf Grounds.
No.
Hey, I got another question.
It's from Bazinga Begins.
What's the coolest piece of lore or detail that no one or too few people have picked up on yet?
I don't use, like, so much Delta Green lore.
I think it's very good and interesting,
but I am far more interested in, like, coming up with homebrew shit,
and so I don't use a lot of the, like, main lore about the program or the outlaws.
I will here and there cherry pick stuff to use, but...
What about Zachy Reeves lore that nobody's picked up on?
Zachy Reeves lore.
Well, we got another question here, also asked by Bazinga Begins.
They said, related to the Kudzu no backbone
Silver Sphere relationship brought up last week,
were the character developments that happened to the boys after their deaths in the Den of Sin
supposed to be a weird reversal of the Wizard of Oz?
Clark loses his heart, John Lee Pettymore loses his spine,
and Keith loses his mind and his empathy.
Hmm.
And this makes me so happy because I never thought anyone would get that, ever.
I just thought I thought it was such a silly little thing
that, like, is so subtle and stupid that, like, no one would ever pick up on it.
So, bless you, Bazinga Begins, for being the first person I've seen to make that connection.
Hell yeah.
I had not made that connection at all.
I was so high when I put that together,
and it's because, uh...
It was because it's...
This is also really fucking stupid, but it's because Oz Mayhem Wolf was there.
Oh, wow, sure.
And I just, like, saw it and then, like, started thinking about it
because I was thinking about the spine, and then I was like,
oh, ha, ha, like, when I came up with the heart thing,
then I knew that we had to do something with Luke for the mind,
and I didn't know how I was going to do it.
And then I sent out everybody, like,
hey, pick your talents, and Luke literally picked a talent that got rid of his empathy.
And so he literally just, like, fulfilled it without me having to do anything.
So that was, like, the coolest shit that made me really happy.
But Oz, he had a brother, and I was coming up with a brother's name,
and his name is Elby because Oz is ounce and Elby is pound.
It's just, honestly, it's a lot of dumb little shit like that,
but the Wizard of Oz reversal was one of the bigger ones.
That's super cool.
I'm excited to talk.
Like, at the very end of this whole, like, campaign,
I'll do a walkthrough of my dumb shit.
Joe, that's one of your favorite movies, right?
Yeah, Wizard of Oz is...
I have the poster hanging on my wall back there.
It's...
This one's on Joe, guys.
Which version?
The James Franco masterpiece.
I've actually got...
So the Wizard of Oz poster is a reprint,
but I've got an original Return to Oz poster hanging over there, too.
Oh, damn!
Yeah, because I love Return to Oz.
It's great, also.
I honestly don't know if I've ever seen Return to Oz.
It holds up, dude.
It's so bizarre and cool-looking.
It's good.
Is it the same actors, or...?
Nah.
Dorothy is played by Feruza Balk.
You guys might know her from Waterboy.
Interesting.
That's Kathy Bates.
That's your Feruza Balk pull?
Yeah, for sure it is.
Have you ever seen the HBO series about the Wizard of Oz?
Oh, boy.
I was late on the uptick on that one.
I'll have to watch Return to Oz to come up with my plot for next season.
Maladory asks,
For the boys, what is the plot thread you are most interested in seeing the end of?
And then another question which I don't want you to answer.
Plot thread you aren't interested in slash care the least about.
Be nice, guys.
I just want to go back to contention.
I want to see what's up with that.
What's up with that?
All the helmet and gun and stuff.
That's what I wrote down in my notes.
I really wish that, A, the helmet itself, but B, just all the relationships with those items
and all their history and all that is a thread that I would love to know more about.
Yeah, I want to see how contention got the way it is
and why it's so connected to all this shit seemingly going back quite far in its past.
I really want to see the backstory for Rich and Dick Nichols.
30-something episodes of how they got.
That's what the people have really been demanding.
There's a lot of Rich and Dick stans out there who add us constantly.
They sent us pretty abusive DMs, but we get it.
You're passionate.
You're passionate for Rick and Dick.
Honestly, that's a conkin.
Call back.
Yeah, hashtag conkin.
That's what a lot of the stans say.
All our conkers out there.
What we're saying is we hear you and if we reach a certain Patreon goal,
there will be just a slice of life sitcom spin-off where they're roommates.
And we got one.
Oh wait, sorry.
Which plot threads do you guys care the least about?
They're all great.
And we got one last question here.
Justin, take it away.
BXBori9181 asks, what happened to Keith's dog?
They posted this question on the first Q&A and we talked about it and then we recorded
last week's episode and then they posted it on this week's episode and then edited their post
and was like, wait, just kidding.
Just got there.
Just got to where you answered.
But someone else pointed out that we didn't really answer because while we did a freeze
frame and paragraph for every animal that was in there that talked, we did not do one for Bean.
I didn't realize that, that's great.
So the whole point of the episode was to figure out where Bean had been and we still don't know.
We have the peace of mind that he's not like rotting in the hotel room.
Yeah.
He's out on his own eating trash and licking ass.
Just like we all aim to do.
All right, well, this has been long.
I'm hungry.
Quantity over quality, baby.
Thanks for all the questions.
They were all really good, I thought.
I'm glad you guys are interested enough to ask.
Very insightful.
Not a single wolf, the dog question in there.
So fuck you guys.
And I'm never coming back.
So yeah, we're going to be doing some open casting for the new wolf.
If you want to do like a cool reboot version of wolf.
Younger, hotter.
Younger, hotter, yeah.
Wolf origins.
Email your auditions to what's the...
Well, just post it in the subreddit.
Post it in the subreddit or tweet it at us.
Any auditions.
If you want to take over the editing job, you can send in your resume.
Yeah, we'll give you like all the Patreon.
I'm tired.
I'm so tired.
Yeah, no, thank you all so much for listening.
This has been over for some time.
No, thank you all so much.
And final word from everyone.
Mine will be love.
Your body, baby.
The only one trying to
have enough
to find.
