Greetings my sheeple, it's your shepherd, wolf the dog, and I'm here to shear all your
wooly little coats so y'all can be a little more comfortable today.
And when I say shear your coats, I really mean give y'all some updates on what's really
going down here in contention from 694.2 PTBP my babies.
This week on Howlin' with Wolf, your best buddy wolf is gonna read one of those fine
5 star reviews from iTunes because it makes wolf feel oh so nice and makes him feel like
he's part of a community instead of just isolated in this basement studio here in dreary old
contention.
Emma Mara was kind enough to write a 5 star review titled Horror, Jokes, and Mystery!
The review reads, A really great listen if you love D&D podcasts that have a strong narrative
focus.
Really fun for those of us that care more about the mystery than about the mechanics
of dice rolls.
This one has a mix of good humor and a pretty chilling story line.
Hell yeah, Emma.
Your buddy wolf loves a set of mechanics that don't interfere with the story telling.
Last time the story was getting wild.
It's the news y'all.
A vocal group of the contention population are protesting and letting these officers
know how they feel.
Drew apologized to the officers for not passing along critical information like calls about
missing persons, animals in the ponds and creeks, and a voicemail from the feds.
Doug, Dr. Marie Jacobs' husband who is currently inhabiting the body of the cat Salem, showed
the officers the animals are hiding in the water because the oily substance cannot get
them in the ponds and creeks.
Randy Angst, dentist, estate salesman, and historical society member reveal some interesting
information to the officers about the picture from the odd camera John found in Julie Maxwell's
car as well as about Cole's orphanage.
In James the mill worker's house, they found a cache of guns hidden under the coffee table,
a bunch of cleaning supplies and random materials and a small enclave behind an oil painting
of a rose, a few loose tiles in the kitchen where something buried has been dragged out,
and a 12 foot deep pit under a trap door with two corpses and an officer Clark Bishop at
the bottom.
A heavy artillery weapon is being fired into the house from the front yard.
This shit is intense y'all.
You know what though?
This calls for the premiere of a brand new song here on PTPP.
This is Kudzu with No Backbone.
Okay, so Clark is stuck in the bottom of a viscerally foul smelling 12 foot deep pit
next to two corpses looking up at Keith and John who is lowering down one pant leg of
Randy Angst's shit spoiled slacks.
Just then, a brutally loud noise erupts from outside in the front yard and items in the
house begin shattering.
You are being fired on by some large artillery weapon.
Your ears are shot and your vision clouds as dust billows about the room.
The drywall is ripped to shreds, letting cold air and moonlight into the house.
I need you to roll dodge in order to run or die for cover.
Clark, you're actually in cover right now.
What's going on up there?
I got a...
I don't pass.
39 out of 30.
I do pass 42 out of 50.
I don't remember putting points into dodge, but I'm really happy I did.
Okay.
Success is going to gain you one D6 of cover.
So what are you hiding behind after you roll?
We'll find out.
Okay, yeah.
I got a five.
I'm on my way to get those shit pants, so I tumble into the bathroom and take Randy
Anx with me into the tub.
Awesome.
Fucking baller, dog.
Pantsless Randy.
Pantsless Randy.
These extremely large rounds are still going to fly through the house, so I need you both
to roll luck to see if you get hit.
15 on a 55.
Two on a 65.
Way to roll good, boy.
We are some lucky boys.
You lucky sons of guns.
All right.
I need...
Call my mom a bitch.
I need all of you to roll.
Take that out.
Take that out.
I love my mom.
Call my mom a bitch.
My parents were humans and not firearms.
I need you all to roll sanity for me.
Just a zero one.
Oh, what's my sanity at?
Oh, I pass.
Including me.
Including you for the fire.
Oh, I pass.
13 on a 29.
I got a 50 on a 20, so I don't pass.
Oh, no.
50 on a 29.
So I still don't pass.
John, you just lose one.
The other boys don't lose any.
Keith, you're going to be the only one who can see this.
I would tell them anyway.
The front door of the house flies back into the foyer like a playing card being thrown.
A staggering figure walks slowly through the doorway.
He is a looming, overweight man wearing an all-black combat uniform, and he has a large
scar over his right eye.
He holds up his left hand and you see his arm is cut off at his wrist, but there is
a wire attached to the nub.
You hear a zzzzip as the wire begins retracting into his arm and you see the front door whip
back into his possession.
He holds it up like a shield as he faces you.
Roll Sanity.
They just gave us a D&D boss.
We just got into Resident Evil.
I pass again on a 10 on a 26.
Okay, Keith, you just let out a shriek as you lose one sanity.
That was really good.
You take direction really well.
If only we had equipped ourselves with all these weapons and body armor.
I was just supposed to say, did we officially put them in the car?
We did nothing with them.
So they're still just on that table, right?
And I'm like very close to that table, right?
Tell me when it's my turn.
Keith, it's your turn.
What do you do?
I forgot what we were doing.
Like how far away is the table full of guns?
It's a move action away.
Okay.
Let me ask you this.
Can I pull my sidearm and shoot at him while I move to that table?
Yes.
In one move.
You will take a negative 20 percent.
On my firearms?
Yes.
I rolled a five.
Hell yeah.
Fuck yeah, dude.
Is it too late?
I guess I already rolled, so it's too late for me to do like a called shot.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Then I just shoot at him.
You move toward the flipped over coffee table full of guns and body armor and such as you
fire at this giant man.
Quick question.
I don't know if we said we should put that on or if I said I...
Should.
Okay.
So go ahead and roll a d10 for damage.
10.
Holy shit.
No, it's a...
It's a one.
Fuck.
It was a one.
God damn it.
Oh, wait.
But that was a...
Yeah.
I'll re...
Yeah.
It was a one.
Okay.
So you were firing center mass at this guy, but as you're running away...
Am I running away or towards him?
You're running away from him toward the table.
Okay.
I was thinking that it was...
So it's not in between us.
No.
Okay.
As you're running toward the coffee table, you are firing at him and you clip his arms
and you hear one ricochet off, but you hear another one go in, but it's not a through
and through and you just hear this like, okay.
So it's like the bullet is lodged into one of his arms.
Yeah.
As I'm running and shooting in between...
How many shots do I fire?
Three.
In between shots, I'm screaming mainly at John, but also to Clark.
Hey guys, we got company.
I need help.
John, what do you do?
I say, Randy, you stay right here.
Are there two stories or one story in this house?
One.
Okay.
How close is the bathroom to the back door?
Halfway.
Hey, just remember the sniper rifle is in the bathroom with you.
I just remembered that the sniper rifle was in the bathroom with me.
Sorry.
Randy rolls over in the bathtub and he was like laying on it.
Randy.
Randy, do you know how to use a pistol?
Oh yes, of course.
Really?
Did you just stay here?
I should probably just stay here.
Okay.
All right.
You stay put, buddy.
Contention PDs on this.
And I bust out the door with my pistol in one hand and like sniper rifle at my hip.
You're immediately looking down a hallway that looks into the foyer.
The foyer is the room this is all happening in?
The foyer is the room where this man is, yeah.
Can I see him?
Oh yeah.
Okay.
He's on the other side of the hole in the ground where Clark resides.
Okay.
So I take some cover behind the bathroom door, temporarily holster my pistol, and I'm going
to take a sniper rifle shot.
Like I'm going to line it up and try to plunk this guy in the head.
I don't know if that's a called shot, but I want to use the best ... I'm just going
to shoot him with a sniper rifle.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Yeah.
Just straight up and down.
Firearms roll.
98 on a 60.
98 on a 60.
Could have been worse.
You accidentally shoot yourself in the head with a firearm.
You shoot out the window in the front of the house that looks out on the street.
Clark, it's your turn.
How deep is this hole that I'm in?
12 feet.
How deep is this hole that I'm in?
How tall are you?
Probably six foot something.
Yeah.
Is the hole perfectly square?
Am I in an enclosed space?
Yes.
What are the dimensions?
Five by five.
By?
Five.
So it's-
No.
Five by five by 12.
Yeah.
He's just standing there, his head's broken up.
Totally exposed.
Guys.
Guys, help me.
He's like standing-
The giant guy just kicks Clark's head off.
Five by five by 12.
I got nothing, so I'm going to look through the pockets of these people down here.
He's just kidding.
Clark is becoming one of us.
Police work.
I got nothing.
Police work never sleeps.
Rifling through the pockets of these corpses, you find-
A ladder.
Sweet.
Go, go gadget ladder.
You find a piece of paper that has a circle on it, a filled in circle, and that circle
is surrounded by six circles.
I remember that.
I remember that too.
And it's hand drawn.
Hey, they like the faux place, just like us.
Fuh?
Yeah.
What is the Fuh place called?
The Daily Fuh.
The Daily Fuh.
This giant man in the all black combat uniform with the large scar over his right eye steps
forward and looks down into the pit at Clark Bishop.
And he holds out his other hand and he aims it at you.
I need you to roll dodge.
Is his other hand a wire thing too?
So far it looks like a hand with a glove on it.
I do not pass.
97 on a 50.
He does.
So he shoots straight down at you and you try to dodge out of the way and you lose five
damage as his hand reaches completely into your shoulder and grips.
Wait, did his arm stretch?
His fist shot off of his arm down into the pit at you and then grabbed onto your shoulder
where your collarbone is and then gripped into your skin and his fingers are inside
you as he's holding onto your shoulder.
His hand is still attached to his arm though?
Yeah, by a wire.
So I need you to roll unarmed combat against his in order to get this out of your shoulder.
His is definitely armed combat.
It doesn't work twice.
I pass.
25.
25 on a 70.
You're 70 unarmed combat?
Mm-hmm.
He's 72 though, right?
And you're rolling against him?
He's 70 so he has to roll higher than a 25 but under a 70 and the suspense is great as
Zach fiddles around the floor to find the dice that he dropped.
Zach.
Ripping his earphones out.
Zach, would you like some dice?
No!
Where did it go?
Daddy would you like some sausage?
Daddy would you like some sausages?
Joe, what did you roll?
25 on a 70.
It is staying in there.
The fist is locked into place and it is actually his turn again.
How?
He's got crazy decks or something.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, it's not.
It's Keith's turn.
That's what I fucking thought.
Is it going to take a whole like move to grab a gun or can I grab a gun and shoot at him?
You can grab a gun and shoot at him.
Okay.
What's my options here?
You got a couple assault rifles and some heavy pistols, some light pistols.
Actually here's what I want to do.
I want to grab.
Is it just body armor like a bulletproof vest or tell me if I can do this.
I'm going to grab a bulletproof vest and a gun and hide behind the table.
Yeah, you can definitely do that.
What do I need to roll?
Nothing.
That's what I do.
Okay.
Wait, so what are my gun options here?
Assault rifles.
I don't know anything about guns.
Okay.
Grab the bulletproof vest, throw it on.
I grab a fully automatic assault rifle and then I duck behind the, you know, flipped
over table or you know, whatever it is.
John, what do you do?
I take another shot at him from behind the bathroom door.
Fire away.
91.
You miss opposite like you overcorrect and shoot out the window on the other side of
the door.
Getting close.
Clark, it's your turn.
I want to take my hand and do a quick wrap around the cord and use that as my repel cord
and walk up the wall.
Hell yeah.
Yes.
Legit, that's the coolest thing any of us have done in any campaign.
And the reason that you don't have to roll is as such.
That's so badass.
What do you do when you're teetering on the edge at the top?
When you say teetering, am I out of the hole?
I'm saying as you get, as you come out of the hole, I'm going to let you do one thing.
Uh, yeah.
I'm just going to shoot at him.
Describe it.
Uh, well, hang on.
Roll and then we'll, uh.
Hang on.
Yeah.
Hang on.
There's the combat ones over there too.
I know.
I know.
You can't roll and then do the minus 40.
Right.
Cause that's what I would have done when I got a five.
I'm going to do a, uh, I'm going to do a fuck.
I'm just going to shoot at him.
Um, I I'm hoping that I, he should have his, uh, yeah, I'm just shooting at him.
Just shooting at him full on shooting at him.
And I am not hitting him with a 98 on an 80.
The wire is slack.
Uh, as you make it up to the top, as he, you are firing at him, he literally just grabs
onto your hand and moves it away from you actually hitting him.
And so you're firing up at the ceiling and it's his turn.
I need you to roll against unarmed combat.
I was going to say maybe he has some different dice.
Pass but not a great pass.
It's 21 on a 70.
That's a pretty good pass.
Okay.
Uh, he passed with a 22 on a 70.
Fuck.
Critical success.
So you actually, oh, I'm just realizing what happens now.
He retracts his hand and the wire begins zipping back into his wrist nub.
And as it does, I need you to roll a constitution, a very important constitution check.
Pass 52 on a 65.
The wire cuts through your skin as it retracts back as it's wrapped around your forearm.
It cuts all the way into your skin, but it doesn't go all the way through.
You can actually feel this wire rubbing up against your nerves on one side and your bone
on the other.
And a unfathomable pain is coursing through your entire body and you become lightheaded
as he brings you in and punches you directly in the mouth for 11 damage.
Oh man.
Your mouth was so purdy.
I'm glad I didn't touch the suit of armor.
I'm at seven hit points.
My mouth and arm.
Yeah, that's, so you are, he, he lets go of you and retracts fully, but you are on the
ground.
Keith, it is your turn.
You are hiding as this is happening to officer Bishop.
You are hiding a tactical.
I have nothing against it.
Okay, so I got a question.
Forty if partially behind cover or minus 40 I am at that point or can I stand up and like
not be, Oh yeah, that's for the opponent.
Oh, perfect.
Okay.
I need this described to me.
He's got one hand has the door as a shield.
Yep.
Clark is on the ground.
He's on the ground.
He's not being held up.
So if I do a cold shot to like just shoot at, shoot at the guy, but not, I don't necessarily
want to do a headshot.
I just want to shoot and not hit the door.
Oh yeah.
That would be a called shot.
Minus 20.
Yeah.
Fuck.
That sucks.
Cause you, you would have hit him.
I would have hit him.
Oh, that sucks.
Uh, so you are firing at him and he holds up the door and I'm also how far away from
him am I?
That's cool though.
Well, you're in the living room and he's in the foyer.
The coffee table is in the living room and you hit on the other side of it.
So you're at least 25 feet away from him.
Okay.
So I'm going to take this into consideration.
I have a fully automatic rifle and I'm shooting through a presumably wooden door.
Oh yes.
The uh, the door gets, uh, so what'd you roll?
So I rolled a 64 on a 70 minus 20 minus 20, but you cut the door in half and he is like
crouched behind it.
And as the door falls, you see him pop his head with the scar over his right eye above
the door and just stare at you.
John, what do you do?
I am aiming this turn, which will give me 20% to hit on the next turn.
Awesome.
I wish I'd read that card a turn ago.
Clark, what are you doing?
Scrambling as far away as I can.
Okay.
Probably toward John toward getting deeper into the house.
Is there anything in this game since I'm not taking a combat action that I can go even
further than I normally would be able to?
Yeah.
I would like to get really fucking far into the house.
Where do you want to go?
Maybe back.
Behind the bathroom.
Behind me.
Behind John.
Crawling like through the kitchen door.
Yeah.
Cool.
I'm still aiming, but I do like with one hand, I like help reel him in.
Nice.
Cool.
This massive dude throws down the half door that Keith just shot through and begins running
toward Keith at full speed while reaching behind him and pulling out a giant metal crowbar
from off of his back.
And he jumps and he is going to try to bring it down on Keith over through the coffee table
on the other side of it where you're hiding.
So he has a 50%, you're going to roll dodge, but you get to add 20% on it for being behind
cover.
Okay.
That gives me 60.
Fuck.
It's a crit fail.
66 on a 60.
Oh, Keith, that's a, that's a pretty big bummer.
Yeah.
Uh, it is a big bummer.
Oh my God.
Keith, this dude, you just hear this like as the floor is moving, as this giant dude
comes running toward you and then you hear quiet as a giant metal crowbar just slams
into your side and it doesn't, it doesn't poke you, but he straight up just like baseball
bat swings it into your rib cage that doing 11 damage.
That puts me at nine.
He turns his head and looks away from you and Keith, it appears that this man's face
is a mask.
You can actually, as he's been jostling himself about, you can see the glinting metal shine
from beneath as his skin sloughs off of its current placement.
So does this whole like the head skin fall off or does his face?
His whole head skin is just slightly askew.
Okay.
It's loud to one side.
Yes.
I don't know if it's realistic after taking a hit like that for you to be able to do anything
besides like get away.
Oh, it's not realistic.
It's your turn though.
And you can do anything.
Yeah.
Get this.
Get this fucker.
I mean, he used a door as a defense mechanism, so I think that he could be, you know what
I, what I do is I, so he's like standing what, like a foot away from me.
Yeah.
Don't be afraid to get creative guys.
Okay.
So what I'm going to do, can I, can I stand up?
Have we tried talking to him?
I got creative and lost an arm.
I want to stand up.
Tell me, tell me what I can do from this.
It might change my mind of what I want to do, but I want to stand up, jump on his back
since he's not facing me and use my lock picking skills to try to like, he's a, I think he's
a robot.
So I want to like unlock his head from his body.
That's fucking awesome.
Yeah.
You got creative.
So I'm going to have to have you pass two tests in order to accomplish this.
The first will be anything against his strength.
So whatever you think you're going to use to hold on or stay put is his strength on
top of him.
Can I know that or not?
I mean, no.
It's high.
Okay.
So this guy's a nerd.
You can do anything that like would make sense against that.
I guess.
Yeah.
So I mean athletics, strength, strength is my highest.
Dexterity.
I don't know.
Yes.
Okay.
I'll use decks, which is 60.
Okay.
So you're going to bear or even dodge.
Like you just got to be like six.
He's going to be my highest.
So the dice don't like us tonight.
Yeah.
You should stop using those two.
Yeah.
I'm going to do you jump onto his back and he immediately just grabbed the like grabs
you and throws you over him into the wall.
So you go flying over his back into the wall, like upside down.
You hit flat, right?
You're back against the wall and then you slide down the wall and you take four damage
guys.
I'm very close to dying.
These are good boys.
Roll with these.
John's your turn.
I want to try a couple of things.
Let me know if I can do this with my move, but I am, I'm going to move on a look real
quick clock.
You get, I give him a weary thumbs up and start to get up back to my feet.
You're just looking at your arm.
It's fucking cheese.
Okay.
I'm looking at his chair.
I'm trying not to look at his cheese arm.
Yeah.
Uh, but I see that he's okay.
I am going to run down the hallway, peek around the corner through the door that apparently
would look into the foyer and the living room.
Right.
So I'm going to level my gun at him, but I'm going to, I am going to try something we haven't
tried yet.
I'm going to shout.
Freeze.
Contention PD.
Great.
And I would like to roll a persuade.
No, I don't have to.
That's not going to work.
I mean, don't say that.
Just do it.
Go ahead and roll persuade if that's what you want to do.
No.
What I want to do is shoot him with the sniper rifle.
So yeah.
I mean, what do you want to do?
Uh, does he still get a plus 20 aim or no?
He did spend a whole turn doing it.
Boy.
That's hard.
Yeah.
That is hard.
I don't see me getting a bonus here.
Yeah.
Exactly.
I was, I was aiming.
He moved.
We would want the same courtesy to us.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Like if Zach was like, well, actually the MPC kid chucked up in a, and so you fucked.
We would hate that.
So yeah, I'm just going to move to where I can see him shout, freeze, contention PD.
And then before I wait for response, uh, I'm going to just blast him.
Okay.
Actually, how about trying to blast him?
He freezes.
If you pass a persuade, I will give you a plus 20 on your shot.
Ooh.
I like it.
Like I confuse them enough.
Exactly.
86.
86.
Fuck.
On a 60.
You guys remember earlier when I said we were rolling good, boys.
Sorry.
Yeah.
That stopped.
All right.
Roll that firearm straight up and down.
25 on a 60.
All right.
Two D 10 for damage.
Two D 10.
Fuck yeah.
Eight.
Eight.
Or 35.
Depending on what you want to get.
Describe it.
I see him just on instinct.
I shout that idiot shit, which obviously isn't going to stop a robot.
I'm like, freeze contention PD.
And I'm just, I'm shooting from the hip.
Like I've just got a high powered rifle in pretty close quarters and I just take a shot.
Where does it hit?
Right in his gut.
Okay.
Yeah.
And you hear this like, that satisfies John Lee Pennymore.
Clark, it's your turn.
I want to make my way to behind John again.
Can I use my good arm to shoot my pistol?
Yeah.
I want to shoot my pistol at the robot at the thing that's buzzing at this point.
Some kind of beautiful mechanical man.
Yeah.
This is the first time you guys have noticed anything weird.
I mean, outside of the arms flying off of him, that actually might've been the biggest
tip off.
Now they think about it.
The hands flying off.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then maybe the fact that yeah, bullets didn't go through him earlier.
Okay.
So you knew he was a robot.
Also, I met a robot earlier in this campaign.
Did you?
Yeah.
Well, I met a wizard who passed me binary and I assumed he was a robot.
I'm going to pull around, get up behind John and I've got a clear sight on the...
You do indeed.
And I'm going to take a shot at the boy with my good arm.
Roll firearms and yeah.
Just roll.
I pass.
Crit pass.
Crit pass.
33 on an 80.
Okay.
Describe it.
You do 10 damage.
Hang on real fast, Keith.
You got thrown off him, right?
You're not on him anymore?
Correct.
I'm shooting at his head.
I'm on John's shoulder to steady it.
Yes.
Hell yeah.
And that gives me a real perfect line of sight on the guy's head and I pop, pop, pop, pop.
You fire your weapon into this guy's head and what happens is really fucking weird.
So each shot makes his neck snap back as his head recoils from the bullets.
His entire torso reclines fully like he's prepping to do the limbo, but his bottom half
stays completely still.
And like a spring, his body snaps back into an upright position and you see the skin drooped
over his face is covered in bullet holes.
The skin is all loose and off kilter and you can see a shiny metal where this thing's skull
should be.
Guys, we didn't ever consider it if this was a Terminator.
So send your help us.
No, I was going to make like a John Connor joke, Sarah Connor joke.
Go for it.
There's a John Connor, right?
That's your son.
Yeah, he's the other one.
Like a Schwarzenegger impression for us.
Yeah.
Hello, my name, oh boy, dude.
What was it about?
Like the, like the eighties that was like, yeah, we like buff Eastern European actors.
Well, that's just where all the buffest act, see, we as a people have always loved our
buff actors, but yeah, but like used to, it was like the buffest dudes were, and also
Austria is not Eastern European.
That is as Western European as it gets.
Well, it's on the border between the two, but it's like, so fucking German.
Well, they once ruled an empire with Hungary, which is very Eastern.
See, that was only 15 seconds of stuff that'll get edited out.
What the fucking fans come back for time and time again is these neat little tidbits that
we give them.
So the, see the thing about the Austro-Hungarian empire, so Franz Ferdinand, you take me out.
We good?
Let's keep going.
Yeah.
So you begin singing, take me out as this robot man snaps back into place and it is
now his turn.
This giant being turns and looks at Keith Vigna who is on the ground and he moves his
torso like he's going to approach Keith, but his bottom half isn't functioning.
His head begins whirring and popping little crackles and short stunted movements.
With a look of realization, the metal skull turns its attention to the two officers on
the other side of the room.
You see one of its eyes is dead.
You put a bullet right through it, but the other eye stares directly at Clark and John.
He holds out both arms and shoots his fist at the two of you.
So I need both of you to roll dodge.
18 on a 50.
64 on a 50.
I do not pass.
John Lee Pettymore didn't know what dodge meant in the skill chart.
He rolled a 50 on a 50 against John Lee Pettymore.
Oh, that means he hits me, right?
Okay, so he rolled a 50 against John Lee Pettymore and a 47 against Clark Bishop.
And so these come at you, they're coming in real hot.
Nine damage on John, three damage on Clark.
I'm at four hit points.
I'm at five.
I don't think we're going to make it to the mill today, boys.
You say as this fist completely rips into your rib cage, the fist goes right into John's
rib cage and holds on tight and you can actually feel the fist clench down and grab two of
your ribs and bring them closer together.
Oh my god.
Yeah, I would like to spend 10 points of luck to avoid that.
Oh, cool.
This is the first luck spend of the entire campaign.
What does that rule say on luck?
Spend 10 points to avoid major damage that reduces damage by 1d6.
If I get six more hit points, that would be insanely helpful to me, but even one is very
handy at this point.
All right, so John spends 10 luck putting his luck down at 45, roll that d6 to get six
hit points back.
Four.
Oh, pretty good.
He gets four hit points back, putting him at nine.
As the fist tries to reach completely in, its fingers only actually go skin deep.
It actually gets caught on a screw that was put in there from my sprint racing days and
jammed and it can't bring my ribs together like it wants to.
And the claw actually grabs onto the forearm that had been recently shredded on Clark.
Just pushing that nerve right up against the bone and the two are rubbing against each
other.
Uh, go ahead and nevermind.
Nevermind.
You're dead.
You're dead.
Fuck you.
You're dead.
So now I need you guys to both roll against his unarmed combat to try to get out of this
grapple.
Okay, the baseline unarmed combat status, 40% if you don't modify it at all, which I
have not.
58.
I don't pass.
67 on a 70.
That's a great fucking roll.
Hell yeah, dude.
It is indeed.
And you actually win your roll.
Fuck yeah.
He passed against Clark with an eight.
So John, your fist is staying in.
It's hooked on that screw.
And Clark, describe how you get this, uh, this inspector gadget go-go fist off of your
forearm.
I use my gun to pry off the fingers.
Tink, tink, tink.
Ooh, badass.
Yeah, that's very cool.
And it is Keith's turn.
Is there any way I could roll luck to see if this body armor that I put on might have
a knife in it?
You have a knife on you already.
Oh yeah, can I see if there was a bazooka in my pants?
Wait.
Well, no, I don't.
Well, I do have a knife on me already.
I would imagine that you have a knife.
You live in the country, you're a police officer, I'd imagine you have a knife on you.
Okay, so can I describe the knife I have on me?
You can describe a pretty common knife that you would have on you.
I want to describe like a...
That Gipu being a knife guy.
I've got a four foot long knife.
I mean, some people might call it a sword, but yeah.
I'm not going to go that far, but hold on.
I take the broadsword off my back and with both hands more like a scythe, I take my spear.
I know what I want to do.
Let me describe it.
So I pull out, it's like a pocket knife in the sense that it folds into itself, but I
pull it out and it's like a four inch blade.
I want to get up off of the ground and run with my knife and just chop the wires that
are connecting his hands to these people and just cut the wires and then just like run
through.
Okay, awesome.
If you're going to do it to both of them, I'm going to do a negative 20 on both rolls.
Not to be super selfish, but he is only embedded in me right now.
So if you did one of them.
Well, that's true.
Would you give me a negative 20 on the second one and a regular one on the first one?
I'll give you a negative 40 on the second one.
And a regular on the first one?
I like that.
Yeah.
So what's the first one is connected.
Did you know you can barter with your...
Who's connected?
You?
Yeah.
I mean, honestly there's only one wire like connected the other wire.
Okay.
Then I'll just do the only taught wire.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's take this back.
Yeah.
Hold on.
So I pull out my knife.
I'm going to use my orange blade pocket knife and I'm going to run and just try to cut the
wire that's connected to John.
Okay.
And that's going to be a strength roll.
Roll a strength roll.
That's a crit success.
11 on a 50 fuck.
Fuck yes.
This makes me very happy.
And I'll tell you why.
Oh no.
No.
Not for any devious reasons.
Anytime.
Zach is happy.
No, it is because I was going to have to be a stick in the mud DM who is like, actually
that wire is made from a very strong.
So only a critical success could actually cut through it, which you did.
Are we peeking hard?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Every time we cheer.
So how do we fix that?
Let's cheer away.
All clear.
John is no longer grappled.
Let me fucking describe it, dude.
Oh, sorry.
Do it.
So I get up off the ground.
I like collect myself.
My back hurts really bad and I look and see what just happened.
I pull this pocket knife that you could barely call a pocket knife out of my back pocket.
I flipped the blade up and it's like three inches wide, four inches tall.
And I hold it with both of my fists out in front of me.
And I run as fast as I can, arms wide out in front of me and just run into this wire.
You just run straight and use it like a lightsaber or a simple machine.
And I run through it and it cuts through it like butter.
And as I do it, I look into the one eye of this monster and I flip it off.
And then I, as soon as I hit the wire, obviously like tension comes and it kind of like throws
me off.
It cuts through the wire.
I fall down and roll and I roll and I get back up and just two fingers, two middle fingers
up to this robot.
Hell yeah.
John turn.
John turn.
John, it's your turn.
John turn.
Can you imagine as I get released from this thing's clutches that I probably in pain,
like at least fall on a knee to the ground?
Absolutely.
Uh, because it did pull you forward as the tension.
Okay.
So I'm in the foyer now a little bit.
A little bit.
Yeah.
Uh, he's still in the living room.
He is indeed.
And the fist is still clenched around my, okay.
In your body.
Ouchies.
Ouchie mama.
Well, I don't have time to worry about that.
I am going to, I'm just going to try to shoot from the hip with a sniper rifle again.
That does do more damage than my sidearm, right?
It does indeed.
And it doesn't even matter cause it's the same, but yeah, uh, same firearms go 37.
I finally pass.
Roll two D 10 for damage, uh, eight.
Cobains.
Describe it.
So I fall into my knees.
I guess he's still in front of me because he shot at us from inside that room.
So I'm in pain.
I'm clutching at my side, but I bring the sniper rifle up from the hip and I just try
to shoot him kind of in the gut again.
Awesome.
Firing through his, his midsection, you get two shots just right through his gut.
That's the sound of sniper.
That's a good one.
That's good.
And a foyer.
It's like
as like the inside of him is just going crazy.
There are wires flying out of his midsection and his head is just kind of like shaking
back and forth and it's really weird.
You probably wouldn't notice it if you weren't peeking so fucking hard on Coke right now,
but you actually see this guy, his face grimace and his teeth clench.
I shout, Hey guys, it can feel pain.
And then I also say, take that weird science.
Perfect.
Clark, it's your turn.
Finish him.
I want to shoot.
I want to shoot at it.
Do it.
Nope.
I do not pass.
98 on an 80.
98?
A couple 98s.
Yeah.
We might need some different stones.
Hey, try those.
Try those.
They spit hot fire.
Oh, darn.
I got to go buy more dice.
Oh shit.
Do you want to buy dice tomorrow?
Cause it's been a minute for me.
Maybe you need different stats.
Oh,
Fucking burn dude.
Come on man.
Fucking burn.
What the fuck dude.
Maybe before you buy a new dice you should check your decks.
It is the shiny headed robot man's turn and he sets his sights on the meat boy that just
cut off one of his hand wires.
So I need a strength roll from Keith or an unarmed combat check, whichever one's higher.
I did strength, which is 55.
I got a 34.
You were doing 55 in the 34.
You lose the opposed contest that you were in with this man as you lose the torso of
this being becomes unattached from the legs beneath it and a small jet pack begins shooting
flames, begins shooting flames from the bottom of the torso as it runs, as it runs, as it
flies towards Keith, it reaches down, zips back into one decent hand, grabbing you by
the throat and flying you out the window of the living room into the front yard.
I need you to roll an extremely important strength or unarmed combat contest.
As you fly through the window, you have a chance to break free from this robot.
19 out of 55, but also that's a competition, so maybe not so good.
That sucks.
I hate that.
I'll roll it in front of you guys.
He has a 70.
He fails.
You just cartoonishly clutch.
You rolled a 94.
94 on a 70.
He grabs you by the throat.
He grabs you by the throat and as you bust through the window.
I bite into his mechanical hand.
Shatter your teeth.
Two of my teeth break off.
Which two?
Now you're from contention.
These two right here.
Okay, cool.
Describe them.
It's an audio podcast.
My canine and the one next to it going to the middle, I don't know what that one's called,
break off and I realize, oh, I can't bite a machine and so I just poke my finger into
his one good eye.
As you do that, the robot man releases you and you fall into the front yard as the robot
flies up towards the sky and explodes in a firework-like explosion.
Holy shit, good work guys.
You just had to poke it in the eye the whole time.
Let's try that with all the enemies from now on.
I land on my back, breath gets knocked out of me, but I look up as he's exploding and
I put my hand up to my forehead and I salute and I go, skyrockets in flight, baby.
How am I the only one trying to pull over How can you have enough drowning out of the
