Welcome y'all to the most rip-roaring radio show in contention.
It's your friendly neighborhood DJ, Wolf the dog.
We are broadcasting live and uncut from 694.2 PTBP.
Welcome to one of only two segments on this show, Howlin' with Wolf.
This listener wrote, hey Wolf, just wanna give a shout out to all my amazing DM Joe
and my swashbuckling comrades Opus, Dick Buggsley and Wingapo.
We have survived pirates, shark people and hurricanes raining blood and I wouldn't have
wanted to go through it with anyone else.
Thanks for a great adventure, love Blythe.
You know, that was real sweet, except for that part about shark people and bloody precipitation.
That sounds nasty, Wolf the dog kinda nasty.
Your old buddy Wolf wants to hear all about your nasty, go ahead and submit a 5 star review
on your podcast app, screenshot that shit and send it to us or tag us on social media
at pretendingpod on instagram and twitter, pretending to be people of facebook.
Now speaking of blood filled hurricanes, I'm about to make it rain some news on y'all.
Officers Bishop and Pettymore headed to the suburbs to chat with Dr. Marie Jacobs when
they saw an unkempt man frantically vacuuming his lawn.
There are two more paragraphs here but they have been crossed out with a very, very thick
sharpie.
Our brave and heroic contingent police officer Keith Vigna was made unconscious by Billy
Harrison, the man found tied up in the trunk of Charles Donovan, the drunk who threatened
the woman at Forgotten Treasures.
Both of these cats have told officers that they are friends of John Peters.
Now speaking of cats, Dr. Marie Jacobs seems to be up to no good y'all.
Officers Bishop and Pettymore found man sized fecal matter in the litter box and then doctor
yelled Salem, prompting something to begin running up the stairs from the basement.
Y'all ever take a shit in your cat's litter box?
Keith, you wake up wearing a thin gown and both of your wrists have been handcuffed to
the sides of the hospital bed that you are in.
Billy Harrison, your uniform and your gear are nowhere to be seen.
However, the door to this room is now open and a decent amount of the clinic staff is
standing around outside it.
Some of them are pointing their phones at you.
All of them are laughing.
Some more subtly than others, you overhear a few phrases like, no wonder William was
so embarrassed by him and oh, isn't that, isn't that Keith Beans?
What's he calling himself now?
And they notice you wake up and awkwardly shuffle about as a young woman comes into
the room with bolt cutters and breaks the links on your cuffs, leaving you with a pair
of nice iron bracelets.
And she says, ignore them, a bunch of gossip hounds.
Are you okay?
What the hell happened?
We're not entirely sure.
It seems that you may have been unconscious for, for some time.
Have you found, where's Billy Harrison at?
The man that you came in with is no longer here.
No one has seen him.
Well, I gotta, I gotta get going.
Okay.
I want to see if I can see security footage to see where he went off to or how he got away.
You can go check and she'll take you to go look at the security footage in the clinic
and they really just have like a couple cameras in the lobby.
Oh yeah.
We were at the clinic and not the hospital, right?
Correct.
You're at the clinic in contention.
The footage shows Billy Harrison in your uniform, just walking out the front door.
Okay.
Well, the guys are not going to be happy about this one.
As you, as you, as you, uh, as you get to the front door, it is rather dark outside.
What time did we get here?
Early evening.
So it's been like a couple hours or an hour or?
I would say, yeah, I mean you came in and you waited around for a while for his results
and for him to come to.
And he had had a concussion.
Is that right?
Yes.
Hmm.
I rode here in the ambulance, didn't I?
Correct.
So I'm going to have to radio the guys to come get me.
I think.
Okay.
Yeah.
That sounds good.
Okay.
John had just finished getting handcuffs on Dr. Marie Jacobs when she hollered, and you
heard something glumping up the stairs from the basement.
What do you do?
If I just hear footsteps going up the stairs, I'm just looking down the stairs.
Clark, you've got your hand keeping the basement door open and you lean your head back to look
down the stairs and you see a man with blood pouring down his face onto his chest from
a seemingly broken nose.
He is wearing a pair of novelty boxer briefs featuring Pepe Le Pew and a black collar around
his neck.
And he is on all fours making his way up the stairs at a rapid pace.
John.
I guess I draw my gun.
And yell, stop right there.
Same.
I mean, as soon as I would see it.
Okay.
So, Clark, he is going to jump at you.
He is like raising up onto his hind legs.
Any visible claws?
No claws, just hands.
And he is, it looks like he's pouncing on you.
I want to get away from that.
So are you going to try to get away or how are you handling the situation?
I would like to dodge out of the way.
All right.
Sounds good.
Against his unarmed combat.
Passed 24 on a 50.
Okay.
He passed 40 on a something.
So he is going to, he actually, he rolled pounce.
And so John, you actually see right next to you, this man takes Clark to the ground with
his hands on Clark's shoulders.
Huh?
What the fuck?
And it is John's action.
Jesus.
What do you do?
I, uh, what is Marie doing?
She's just handcuffed.
Correct.
She is not doing anything right now because it's your turn.
Okay.
I just yell, get off him.
Come on, come on Salem.
Get off.
Fuck man.
I don't know what to do in a cat man situation.
Uh, I want to try to like kick him off.
Okay.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get.
Get.
Roll unarmed combat to kick him off.
Can I roll strength?
If you, if you're trying to kick him, if you want to roll strength, that would be like
trying to grab and like, I'm trying to push him with my leg muscles.
Okay.
I mean, an arm's fine.
Neither one is great.
Ooh.
Pass 32 on a 40.
Nice.
Yeah.
He's distracted right now.
And so you put your foot where on his body?
Like wherever I think I'm going to get the most leverage, like center mass, like right
above his hip, you just like chest area, just trying to like, but I feel like I'm coming
at him from the side.
Right?
Yeah.
It's just a solid like rib like.
Yeah.
Right in the ribs.
And you, uh, you, you, you hoist him off of Clark.
Does he not seem to recognize that he has like a gun pointed at him?
Like no.
Okay.
So he's pretty full cat man.
And immediately Maria Marie says, don't, don't hurt him.
Don't hurt him.
Clark.
It is your turn.
Uh, we saw pictures earlier of her and her husband and the cat.
That is correct.
Does this guy look like the husband?
This is Doug Jacobs.
Okay.
So say Salem, Doug is laying on the ground now.
Yes.
He has a, he has fallen over on his side and he just lays there and puts his hand on your
face
rub his belly.
I want to try and cuff him.
Okay.
Roll law or dexterity.
They happen to be the same.
Oh fun.
38 on a 60.
Okay.
You reach out and throw a cuff on the hand that has reached out for your face and you
can pretty easily get his other hand cuffed as well.
Nice.
Behind or in front?
I would like behind.
Okay.
So you just kind of do a maneuver and roll over on him and handcuff him.
So now you are on top of him and he is face down on the ground and he's just kind of laying
there.
He's not worried about it.
He seems domesticated.
Clark.
Dr. Jacobs, do you want to tell us what the hell is going on here?
Why is your husband a cat man named Salem?
Oh, so you know that's what's going on here.
Do you want to describe the process?
Go ahead and roll sanity for me real quick.
Both of you.
Oh, 95.
92.
92.
92.
All right.
You both lose one.
I'm at 42 now.
I'm at 43.
I want to roll Doug over on so that he's looking at me.
Hey, Salem, Doug, can you hear me?
In English?
He doesn't speak English.
He's a cat.
How long has he been a cat?
Couple days.
Okay.
How did he become a cat?
Why am I?
Ma'am, this is all kinds of illegal.
I don't think there's anything on the books.
You can't have cat golems.
It's not a golem.
It's...
Listen, lady, whatever the hell this is, you can't have, okay?
I didn't ask for this.
This belongs in a science lab or something.
You can't just take away my cat because he happens to be taking the place inside the
body of my husband.
Oh.
It's a regular old Salem in the body thing.
It's a freaky Friday?
It's a freaky Friday.
Did your husband get freaky Frid- Doctor, I'm sorry.
Did your husband get freaky Friday-ed?
Which one?
The Jimmy Lee Curtis.
Oh.
Yes.
How did your husband get freaky Friday-ed?
I'm not positive, but it happened when I got the radio.
Interesting.
You didn't think this was something you needed to tell anybody?
I have personal reasons for being fine with the current situation.
You know what, man?
I think we needed that.
I think we can all understand that a little bit.
Is your husband in Salem?
Where's the cat boy?
Doug ran out of here almost immediately.
It's not that he was a- Doug was not a very good man or a good husband.
I was fine to be rid of him.
If he wants to wander the streets as a kitty cat, that is totally fine by me.
I don't think this concerns the police, honestly.
You know, I can't tell you exactly how, but I am certain 100% this concerns the police.
I just don't see it.
There's a lot that feels illegal here, but you're right, I can't exactly put my finger
on it.
If only Maggie were here.
I haven't been able to find any statute on the books.
So you've been looking into, you had a suspicion, maybe this wasn't right.
You've been checking your P's and Q's here?
I quit Google search.
Hey doctor, why is Doug man cat, cat man Doug, nose bleedin'?
Oh, that tall awful man punched him in the face.
I thought it was very rude.
When he stole your radio?
Yes!
He was very aggressive, and Salem tried to protect me, thankfully he didn't shoot him.
He follows instruction really well, you know, we could maybe use something like this on
the force.
This is my cat, and I'm not going to give him to the contention police department just
because he's a giant man now.
I mean he's a regular, he's a tall man, he's not, you know, giant per se, but...
It's gonna take scientists and philosophers decades to figure out what this is.
This is not your cat.
I would personally appreciate it if we didn't go to scientists or authorities above yourselves.
On this matter, if you could just leave me be, I don't see an issue here.
Clark, you want to talk a minute?
Me and you, yeah.
We've garnered the information that the radio is not here anymore, that maybe our drunk
Charlie guy took it.
Right, and the lead we have on him is falling up on his hotel room, where maybe all this
stuff might be waiting for us.
John would be open to, like, John would just be like, oh, if you want this not talked about,
what's in it for me?
I don't, Clark wouldn't though, right?
Probably?
No.
Yeah.
But Clark is also a little insane and doesn't know, like, we real quick were happy with
the Freaky Friday explanation, which I'm cool with, but so I don't know where to take him
from here.
He can still, I mean, he can, he could have not processed anything yet.
He might just in the moment like, uh-huh, yeah, okay.
Yeah, but this still leaves us, where do we go?
Where do we go?
Yeah.
We've got to secure this cat man somehow.
Thanks.
God damn it.
Do we take a cat man in?
I think we should take them both in because it would be hilarious to have them in a jail cell.
Yeah, let's do that.
Ma'am, um, I'm really sorry to tell you this, but we're going to have to take you and Doug
Salem in for further questioning.
Just Salem?
Well, again, the theological, the biological.
Salem?
In Doug's body.
In Doug's body, yeah.
Eh.
This is your cat in spirit and his mind has inhabited your husband's body.
Our vessels matter very little to me.
Well, I don't know if they do to the law is the thing.
In fact, most of our laws are about the harming of those vessels.
This seems like harm.
Yeah, he's a victim.
Go catch, uh, go catch that drunk man.
Yeah.
Do we, I don't know if we need to take them like taking them in would be handy for us
if we need to ask him or anything, anything more, but also just, I think it would be hilarious.
Yeah.
Doctor, uh, I'm afraid we're going to have to take you down to the station for 24 hours,
48 maybe, uh, ask you a few more questions and what are you going to do?
Put this on the books.
Who's going to believe you?
You're all going to be fired immediately.
Actually, ma'am, uh, there is a bit of an, uh, managerial crisis at the police station
right now.
We don't have a whole lot of supervision at the moment, so I think for 48 hours we can,
uh, get some more out of you.
Well, I think that's genuinely horrifying.
I think your cat husband is genuinely horrifying.
I think he's rather cute.
He's also that.
Uh, does Salem have any, uh, toys he particularly likes?
Clark, he's a perp.
I just figured we'd have to get him in the car somehow.
This is a man who literally just tackled a police officer.
She kind of steps over to the side and reaches behind her back onto the couch.
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Oh, sorry, sorry.
This is his favorite toy.
Well, why don't you, uh, stand on up and direct us to the toy?
Okay.
It's right here.
And she kind of points with her chin down at a, uh, it's just a long string cat tail
kind of thing that Salem immediately perks up at.
I go and grab it.
He's on the ground and he's handcuffed behind his back, but he is shuffling kind of over
to you and nipping with his mouth at the end of the cat toy.
That's real unsettling.
And there's blood everywhere, all over his chest and it's dried and it's all over his
mouth.
You know, at the very least, he needs some medical attention, which he's not getting
them.
Yeah.
I start using the cat toy to lead him into the back of my car.
Here Salem, uh, get the, get the mousy.
Come on.
Follow me.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
I lead them all the way outside to the back of my car and throw the toy in.
Dr. Marie Jacobs will reluctantly follow.
She's laughing to herself the entire time she walks to the cruiser.
As well as she should.
And once you guys get out to the cruiser, you get a call from Keith Vigna on your cell
phone.
Welcome back everybody.
Do we start?
He didn't say one.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
Start over.
Okay.
Sorry.
Three, two.
Welcome back everybody.
Did he?
He didn't say it.
We got to start over.
I don't think we're supposed to start.
Four, three.
Yeah.
I'm just not hearing it in the phone.
I'm not getting it.
No, I'm not getting that one.
There's a short in my.
Not getting that go.
I don't think.
That go word.
So Clark, you receive a call on your cell phone from a number that comes up as the contention
clinic.
Officer Bishop.
Hey, it's Keith.
Hey Keith.
I need a ride because remember I rode here in the ambulance.
Oh, that's right.
Our imitating life.
I got a couple of perps in my car.
I'll send John your way.
Who's the perps.
Uh, congratulations.
It's a, it's, it's a real long story.
You'll uh, cool.
Well, I'm glad that you got some perps cause I'm not a big deal, but, uh, well I'll just
let John see me when he gets here, send him over my way.
Yeah.
That's what I'll do.
Okay.
Have a great one.
Bye.
I click.
Uh, Hey John.
It sounds like Keith fucked up again.
Yeah.
He's just becoming less and less effective as he loses motility.
He needs a ride though from the clinic.
I'm going to take these guys back to the station and uh, I'll meet you guys there.
Right on.
John, you pull up to the clinic.
The sun is very down by now.
It is a late evening.
I don't remember if I could walk or not.
Yes, I can.
You can walk now.
Okay, cool.
You can walk.
You're just a little hobbled.
Gotcha.
Luke, do you want to describe what John sees when he pulls up?
Um, I'm standing outside in just a hospital gown with some nice new bracelets on, uh,
they're handcuffs and I had to cut the chain.
So the chains are just kind of flopping down on either side and uh, I have no shoes or
anything else on and I'm waving John down to come get me.
John sees that pulling up and it's just like, what the fuck?
I popped the passenger door open and go, well, you wouldn't believe what happened.
Yeah, we uh, we, we had something a little strange happen to us as well.
Well, I heard that you got a couple guys.
That means we're up.
One woman and one undetermined.
Oh, interesting.
Let's go back to the police department so I can get my change of clothes.
It's a little breezy in this gown.
Also yeah, he attacked me and handcuffed me to the bed and he got away, stole all my stuff.
Who attacked you?
The guy that we took to the, to the clinic.
Billy Harrison.
Oh, the soldier?
Yeah.
Okay.
So I had a conversation with him about John Peters.
Something was up there and then he, I was kind of catching onto something and so he,
I don't really, it was kind of a blur, but next thing I know, you know, people are taking
pictures of me and laughing at me, you know, cause I was chained to the bed.
Did he cuff you with your own handcuffs?
He did.
Vigna.
He stole my gun too.
Oh my God, Vigna.
And he's probably wearing, I, I know that he's wearing my uniform right now.
God damn it.
Vigna.
Vigna.
Shoot.
I did the best.
I didn't do the best I could do.
I can do better next time.
Clearly.
Can you?
I promise.
Let's just get back to the police department so I can get into a change of clothes.
All thoughts of a cat man are out of John's mind.
Cat man?
He just thought it and in fact didn't thought it.
So.
Okay.
You haven't heard that yet.
Well, don't, don't tell Clark about, well, I guess I'm going to have to tell Clark about
this.
Oh, I'm going to tell Clark about this.
We followed up on Dr. Marie Jacobs and that radio Freaky Friday'd her husband and her
cat.
According to her.
Her husband is in her cat's body and her cat is in her husband's body?
You are grasping it right away.
Cool.
So as soon as we get you all- Wait, so do you arrest them?
We arrested the husband's body and the cat and Dr. Marie Jacobs.
The cat with the husband's mind is MIA.
It ran away or- It ran off apparently the second the switch
happened.
Okay.
Well, that'll be- Can he talk or does he meow?
He meows.
He's a friendly little bugger though.
This'll be a sight to see.
I don't really believe you, but- Yeah, I don't know why I'd lie about something like that.
Alright, so you guys make it to the police station and when you arrive, what are you
up to?
As soon as I got there, I stepped inside and I said to Drew, Hey, uh, Drew, I need you
to get together some blankies and, uh, make, it's like a cat bed, but for like a human
size cat in one of the cells for me.
Okay.
Thank you, Drew.
Yeah, of course.
Then I go back out to the cruiser, I open the door and I say, doctor, would you, would
you mind helping me make sure Salem gets in here real safe?
Yeah, of course.
So I'm using the toy, but I'm also hoping that she is taking up the rear.
She is.
Yeah.
No, they're gonna, yeah.
She's going to play ball.
And I'm leading the cat man into, and you guys go into the police station and there's
one open cell inside it is a blanket palette.
The other cells are filled with stuff that you guys took from the storage units.
Right.
I'm going to lead them both into the cell.
She is cracking up.
She thinks this is the funniest thing that's ever happened and she keeps saying things
to you like, who's gonna believe you?
No one.
Absolutely no one.
I think Drew believed me.
Drew, you believe me that this is a cat man?
Drew is pouring coffee onto the floor, missing his mug completely.
Another late night.
Um, yep.
See, he believes me.
You said cat man.
Yeah.
That's you believe me.
Drew, you believe me?
Yes.
Clark.
Sorry.
Officer Bishop.
Excuse me.
So we at least got something going here.
We're going to figure things out, but, uh, for now I just want you guys to rest in here.
Do you have their IDs?
Do you want me to start on the paperwork?
Uh, doctor, do you have your ID on you?
Yes, of course.
Can we get, can I borrow that?
She hands you her ID.
Doug is not wearing pants.
Yeah.
Uh, Drew, uh, we got hers.
Doug is a cat man.
Um, he doesn't have his ID on him, but, uh, if you'll run hers, you can run her husband
too.
You should check them up.
Doug Jacobs.
Okay.
Sounds good.
I'll, I'll start putting it in the system.
Thanks Drew.
All right.
So John and Keith arrive at the station.
I go to my desk and open up.
Hey everybody, look at Keith.
I run as fast as I can over to my desk and try to get the extra uniform out and just
put it on with my gown on.
I'm not even taking my gown off.
I'm just putting it on over my gown.
Okay.
Keith.
Hey, um, before you say anything, do we have an extra, um, set of keys to this particular
set of handcuffs?
Keith, are those your handcuffs?
Yes, but I lost the key to them.
Soldier boy handcuffed him up and stole his gun.
Oh, he's also out there with his uniform, so we should probably get on that.
That's nice.
Keith.
Pretty dangerous.
It sounds really bad, but it wasn't like, you know, it all happened pretty quickly.
I don't think the other, you could have stopped it from happening either.
He's an army man and now he's an honorary police officer for contingent.
We can spin this.
We can spin this so that it looks like we're improving the force while he's talking while
we're having the conversation.
I'm going in and finding the keys for the cuffs.
Yeah.
And then, uh, we'll have Keith Vigna, roll luck, 41 on a 60.
You find the keys.
So while I'm uncuffing him.
So before he got the jump on you, did you get a chance to talk to him, glean anything
from him?
Yeah.
So we talked, I asked him some questions about John Peters.
Hold on.
I don't remember exactly what I talked to him about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He hit me in the head pretty hard.
So some of that conversation was a little bit of a blur, but for the most part we talked
about him being friends with John Peters.
He told me they played video games together, but I don't know why he was like peeking around
John Peters house cause they hadn't, they don't talk all the time, but he said they
hadn't talked in a while.
So he was poking around, but I started to not really believe that.
And as soon as I showed any kind of a, like that I wasn't believing him, he, that's when
it kind of turns into a blur.
You know, the guy that came in saying he was friends with John Peters also, he was trying
to find his keys.
So people keep trying to say that they're his friend and then get weird.
Yeah, that's true.
While you guys are having this discussion, Drew kind of walks over to John and he's like,
Hey, um, can I talk to you real quick in the back room?
Sure.
A little buddy.
You guys want to head out of the room real quick?
Anything you can say to me?
Drew leads you into the back room and he's like, Hey, um, you guys went out to, um,
to Splashylvania and you sent Lauren out there and she said that there was just blood and
gore everywhere.
Now I, I asked her if it, if it looked like a deer and she said no, but I convinced her
that it was just, uh, that we'd heard like a deer accidentally fell off a water slide.
But that is a, that's a hilarious excuse.
Thank you.
What happened?
Did you guys, what's going on, John?
Did you guys kill someone?
Yes and no.
Oh my God, Drew, you should have seen this shot.
It was fucking pretty as a picture, but it turns out Julie Maxwell, she killed old Leo.
Uh, so we had to shoot her.
Clark just, you know, right between the eyes.
Does this have to do with all the cocaine?
The what now?
John, I found all the cocaine in the lockup.
Oh God, it's been such a full day.
I got curious about what all was confiscated and John, that's a lot of money's worth of
cocaine Dean.
Aren't you glad it's off the streets?
Do you know how much there is?
How much it costs?
I mean, I'll, I'll have to have that information when I write up my report.
Oh, don't you worry about that one.
This is still an ongoing investigation, so you don't need to write anything up on that.
Okay.
Well, Drew, you know what, I'm going to, there's something big going on in contention.
I'm going to level with you.
We don't know what it is, but we've got it under control.
We're working towards it.
I feel like we're about to break this thing.
You know what would help a whole lot though?
What?
If we had Maggie around.
Yeah.
Drew, can you, can you do everything in your power to, that's, that's what I want you.
Don't worry about these reports, man.
Just focus on finding the chief.
We need her leadership at a time like this.
Okay.
I will.
I will.
Um, you wouldn't, John, you, you wouldn't be interested in unloading that cocaine, would
you?
Is this some kind of test?
No.
John, I did the math.
That's millions of dollars worth of cocaine.
In fact, that's $10 million worth of cocaine.
That's what are you suggesting, Drew?
Well, I know that you have a bit of a history and uh, I mean, I slam them against the wall.
Drew, anything you think you know about me, you don't.
All right.
I'm just fucking with you.
Let's sell this cocaine.
Okay, thank God.
Holy shit.
We already have a buyer set up in the city and he's going to pay us $10 million.
If we get Keith and Clark in on it too, they can help out and that's two and a half million
dollars each.
I don't think we're going to get Clark in on this.
Okay, that's fine.
That's $3.3 million each, but that's going to be hard.
I don't know if we need to get Keith in on this.
That's $5 million each.
You and me, buddy.
Okay.
Well, there's, his name is the Duke and uh, we're gonna, we're waiting right now to hear
back from him on where to meet.
And he's got a glint in his eye of like pure ecstasy.
You are a much more interesting man than I figured you for.
We're going to be millionaires, Jon.
That's right.
We're going to be millionaires.
Both of us.
And he's just like giggling.
He's very happy.
And then he's like, also, I fixed the four wheeler.
Hell yeah, buddy.
Okay.
Okay.
Uh, we'll, we'll talk about this later.
Okay.
Well, um, yeah, if you do breathe a word of this to anybody else, I'll kill you.
So don't.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh boy.
Okay.
Cool.
Yeah.
Okay.
Bye.
And he walks back out into the room.
Drew comes back out from the back room while you guys are having the conversation.
Jon comes out shortly after good news guys drew fix the four wheeler.
Hell yeah.
Vroom, vroom.
Okay.
So Clark, Clark, I believe you were asking Keith about his bad cop work.
He was just a better criminal than I was a cop.
I wasn't a bad cop, which means we really should find him.
How long ago did this all happen?
Two hours ago.
Did anybody at the hospital see where he went or no?
I looked at the security footage.
The only shot they got out of him was like him leaving the lobby, basically dressed as
me.
So nobody knows where he went.
Hey drew, in the last hour or two, you get any calls about us working on something you
had heard from us about?
Nope.
Let me double check that my car is still parked out front.
It is.
Cool.
So yeah, he didn't steal my car though.
So we got that going for us.
So why did you arrest them?
You know, it was real confusing at the time.
At the very least it seemed like things weren't right.
So on a hunch.
He's got this real bad bloody nose.
So we, I mean, at the very least he's hurt.
Did she punch him or she says, so yeah, here's the, so she had the radio, right?
And she had the radio.
So back at the treasured place.
So she was the one who bought the radio.
So we went to see if she had the radio.
She said, no, somebody had taken it.
We said, who?
And she described a tall, angry surly man had come and taken it.
Did that ring any bells?
We think it's Charles.
Yeah.
We think you rung his bell earlier today.
Where would the radio be then?
We think it might be back at his hotel room, which we found out.
Yeah.
Okay.
And we haven't been there yet, have we?
We've not been there yet.
So that's kind of our biggest lead.
When he came in, he punched Salem Doug cap man.
How did this freaky Friday situation happen?
She blamed it on the radio.
Okay.
That makes sense.
Totally.
Let's you know what?
I'll go check out his apartment with the help of you guys.
Yes.
A hundred percent.
That should be our next step for the mystery, but we should probably find there's somebody
out there in your clothes.
How would you suggest we, I don't know.
Oh dude.
And call call for him and see if he answers my radio walkie talkie, whatever it is.
Oh, send out a call on the radio that sets up an irresistible trap for him.
Ooh.
I like that.
I like that too.
Got a good head on you, John.
So we know he was looking for John Peters, I think.
So maybe we should say that John Peters is somewhere and then he won't be there, but
we will.
Yeah.
We're like a free buffet for soldiers with John Peters.
John Peters is hosting a free buffet for soldiers.
Charles had this guy in his trunk.
That's true.
So this guy might be out for vengeance.
He might be at the hotel already.
Did you tell him that you killed Charles?
I don't think if that came up so we can, yeah, we can see if he's poking around Charles's
place.
Okay.
Wonder where Charles first ran into this guy.
You know, where did he abduct him?
He didn't remember.
I think when I asked him, I think I might've suffered a concussion too.
So some of these details are a little, little off for me here, but I feel fine now.
Just don't let me go to sleep.
That's actually outdated information.
Oh, okay.
I'm going to take a nap in the back of the cruiser then while we are at the motel.
How are you feeling on that foot?
Much better.
I can walk, but I am not back to where I was, but I will get there soon.
We can probably take three cars then.
I can drive.
Yeah.
So you would remember that Billy said that his last memory was looking in a window at
John Peters house.
At least that's what he told me, but I had a pretty reasonable suspicion about him and
kind of confronted him on it and that's what started the violence.
If he's telling the truth though, he might've been caught snooping around outside the house
by Charles, who was also snooping.
That's what I was probably thinking.
Did he say why he was snooping, why he was looking around the windows?
He said that John Peters is his friend and they play video games together and he hadn't
heard from him in a while, so he went over to check it out, but that's kind of when his
story started not making a whole lot of sense.
How old is John Peters?
John Peters is 30 years old.
And Billy, Billy Harrison is probably around that same age, right?
I think his ID said he was 31.
Yeah.
It makes sense that those guys would play video games together.
I got the feeling that that was either a half truth or just a story.
It raised my suspicion because I was thinking of John Peters as like an old man.
Okay.
Yeah.
Can you remember any specifics about how his story started falling apart?
Do you remember where you caught him?
Well, they had grown up together, I think, and then for a long time had just been playing
video games together and they weren't like super close friends.
So it was just strange that he would feel the need to go to his house, especially when
all of this crazy stuff is going on.
And then it was, it made me even more suspicious when he attacked me.
I was like something, I don't think this guy's just telling the whole truth.
This fella.
All right, fellas, I guess we should head to the hotel first.
Hotel Motel.
Can we call the Motel Hotel Motel?
Holiday.
Motel.
Motel.
Okay, so if you want to continue the evening doing adventure investigating type stuff,
you'll all lose some willpower.
That's right.
He already said it was late.
We have to go to sleep soon.
I feel like we should go now though because it's while it's fresh.
And that guy's out there in green uniform.
We really need to hire some more cops in this town.
Well, we potentially have a fourth one.
Just depends on what he's doing.
If he's doing crime or if he's, yeah, what if he's out there just doing our jobs?
Like maybe we should just let him keep at it.
Seems competent.
Did we ever figure out where he was, what country he was a soldier for?
He might be an Al-Qaeda.
You got your ass kicked by a Canadian soldier.
He's a Mountie.
Billy's a pretty Russian name.
You said we were going to lose willpower.
How much?
Just to get that back.
I can't remember mechanically.
Sleep.
Sleep, right?
You regain it when you sleep?
Okay.
So a full night's rest regains one D six willpower.
Okay, cool.
How much are we going to lose if we stay up?
You're going to lose one willpower per hour that you stay up starting now.
So everybody lose one willpower.
Good thing none of us are magic users.
For the listeners, willpower is one of the statistics in this game that is used for keeping
your shit together when going through a mental disorder or staying up late or trying to resist
interrogation or anything of that nature.
It'll also maybe come in handy when spells are introduced.
If they are willpower is also used for that.
Pew pew.
If we were actually just three guys trying to go find this guy, we'd all go out in separate
cars and just like search the town, I guess.
Do you trust me to do that?
As a, as your character, would you trust Keith to go out looking for the guy that bested
him last time?
As long as you radioed in when you found him and didn't move to engage.
Where else would you want to check out then?
Well, we have to go to the hotel too and like maybe sooner rather than later, but that can
also just be the first place we look for him and we could all take separate routes to it.
Do that and then split up if he's not at the hotel motel, then we can split up and cruise
around.
I like that.
Yeah.
And then figure it out from there.
Cool.
Uh, we do want to take all separate routes.
Oh cool.
Uh, and you're taking separate routes to look for this guy on the way to the establishment.
Well, everybody, uh, how are we going to do this?
Let's go ahead and get a luck roll from each of you first.
Pass.
20 on a 50.
Uh, pass.
51 on a 70.
37 on a, what are we rolling?
Luck.
60.
That's a lucky night.
I need all three of you to roll search for me.
Fail.
Crit fail.
We all.
Perfect.
We're all feeling really good and then each of you feels like you just missed him.
I feel him in the night.
Hot.
As you all converge at hotel motel, Keith's current home, you arrive in the parking lot.
It's midnight and there are a couple cars.
If I could get an intelligence roll from the person with the highest intelligence, I'm
at a 55, 75, 50, 92 on a 75.
Nothing seems out of the ordinary.
Another night at hotel motel.
Do I recognize any of the cars from living there?
Seems to you like all the ones that are normally there, there there's, you know, eight, 10
cars there.
There's some new ones.
Do we have a room number and the keys to the room?
You have your keys to your room and to Charles's.
You also have the key to Charles room.
What is my room number?
What's his room number?
What's your room number?
One Oh eight.
Cool.
What do you guys think?
Do you think that the room number would be on the key?
I mean, depends on what kind of key it is, but if it's a real key, it's a real key.
Then yeah.
It's a real key with a rubber little thing on it that says two Oh two.
Welcome to my home guys.
This is a real shit hole.
I thought you would never come visit me.
It was very sad that you live here.
It's just temporary.
You've been saying that for months.
I like try not to get a lump in my throat and go up to two Oh two.
I know the way guys.
How am I the only one trying to pull over How can you heaven knows how
