Hello, one. Hello, all. Hello, y'all.
It's your best friend with a trash-eating problem, Wolf the Dog.
We are hitting you live from 694.2 PTBP.
It is December the 6th, and the time is noon o'clock, my babies.
Mmm, sounds like it's about garbage bin o'clock for y'all, Wolfy boy.
Speaking of trash, earlier I took my dog, Wolf the Dog,
to go find him something to fill his little belly up with.
But upon venturing outside the sky, I suddenly darkened all around us for a little bit.
Y'all ever seen an eclipse?
It was like that, but a little different.
It was real spooky, y'all. Wolf nearly shit his little old britches.
Which wolf did that? I'll let y'all figure that one out.
When I came back down to the studio, I found a note attached with a thumbtack to the inside of my door.
It is emblazoned with a solid green triangle and says,
For a wolf at the top, I guess it's this week's Howlin' with Wolf.
It comes from user Chucklin' Boy over on the subreddit.
He's an Android user, but logged into iTunes on his computer to leave a review.
This boy sure knows how to make ol' Wolfy blush.
Chucklin' Boy writes,
Something fitting, isn't that?
And remember, the mission is over when the world ends.
For all of you out there listening, be sure to stop by the subreddit.
We are starting to see more discussion around the Greater Delta Green Cannon,
as well as game running tips and general show stuff.
See y'all there!
Wolf bless you, Chucklin' Boy.
You are my fire, my one desire.
Believe when I say, if you want to write a message for Wolf to read on air,
tag us on Instagram or Twitter, at PretendingPod,
or write a five-star review on Apple Podcasts and email us at pretendingpod at gmail dot com.
Fuck Mark Zuckerberg, it's time for the news.
A tall, gaunt, humanoid figure with translucent skin and comically long arms asked Clark for the book.
Keith shot it until it dissipated.
A couple of city cops showed up to check on the shots fired at the city cemetery.
John mentioned Marvin Glass and the city cops apologized and left to mind their own damn business.
These heroes of ours then went to lay their fallen former co-workers to rest.
Inside the tomb was a cloaked figure, an older Clark Bishop chanting from a piece of ancient parchment.
The words on the paper turned to little sparks that danced around, bathing the boys in a warm light.
Clark charged at himself, only to grab two fistfuls of cloak and bonk his head
smack into the wall of Ari Manstein's mausoleum, where an older version of himself just stood.
Y'all, none of that made a damn lick of sense to me, but that doesn't mean I'm not hungry.
Filling me up always is kudzu with no backbone.
I could come close, but I'd probably forget Kansas, Illinois, Arkansas, Oklahoma, uh, uh,
Iowa, Tennessee, Kentucky, Kentucky.
One more Nebraska corner hit us up toward the top.
Nebraska. Nice. Nice. Got it.
I didn't know we hit the corner in Nebraska. I'm pretty proud of myself because I am traditionally terrible at geography.
Hey, can you describe to me in great detail the state seal?
It's two bears.
Describe, yeah, I'm just kidding.
Two bears.
Two bears. Okay.
It's just two bears.
I'm gonna hit this vape one more time and then, uh, I'll hit my vape.
Well, cause yours has too much, but mine kind of dissipates real quick.
Get out.
If I can find it in my pocket.
Get out.
I'm not gonna do it.
Get out.
I'm sitting down.
I'm making brown.
Just fight your nicotine habit.
I can't do it. I refuse to do it.
What if I stabbed you with a mechanical pencil every time you hit your jewel?
I would hire Phillip Morris to pursue you.
What if you lost a sanity point every time you hit your jewel?
That's dope.
Okay, I'm good.
Next campaign. The no vape campaign.
I rolled an 87. I got that out of the way.
Alright, Luke hit his jewel 365 times between the last sessions.
He is insane.
Certifiable.
He's come back around.
He's got four new characters to show off and go crazy.
And go crazy and immediately die from.
Okay, let's see.
Dude, I was, okay, so I made a resolve not to drink as much last night
cause I was listening to this episode and we were dumb.
This last one?
Kinda.
The man in black is like, you're here with the book.
And then we instantly start talking about a second you.
And then we don't put it together.
I was like, god damn it.
Anyway.
Hindsight.
But I also forgot everything that happened in that episode.
Good to listen back to.
Good to be embarrassed by yourself.
It's important.
Did you see his list of pros and cons?
Oh yes, incredible.
Pros, the keeper's voices.
Cons, the keeper's voices.
Wait, what was that poster?
I like that a lot.
He just posted on our RPG.
That one made me a chuckling boy.
Welcome to the chuckle hut.
Are you guys ready?
Yeah, I'm ready.
We'll find out.
The three of you wake up.
You just feel this immense pain.
It's almost like a shock has just covered your entire body.
Your stomach hurts.
You just feel it all up in your throat.
Your ears are ringing and pulsating.
It's dark.
It's cold here.
It smells.
What is that smell?
It's like savory?
There's a sweetness to it and your eyes begin to adjust.
There's a pool of blood on the floor.
The corpse of Ari Manstein is kind of in it.
Her coffin is flipped over on the cold dirt.
You look at each other.
Blood splatter has speckled each of you.
John, Kevin, Lee Pettymore all in black tactical gear.
Keith Vigna in his brightly colored polo and boat shoes.
Clark Bishop in an old contention PD uniform currently holding a thick black cloak.
The shock begins to wear off.
You feel a searing pain on your chest, on your back, on the bottom of your left foot and inside your dominant palm.
Is everybody left handed?
What was wounded again?
Our chest, our back?
Pussy and our crack?
Yes, all four.
It is the chest, the back, the left foot and inside your dominant palm.
I would assume you're all right handed unless you've specified otherwise.
John Lee Pettymore kind of seems like he would be left handed.
Did it change when you went into Kevin?
You're ambidextrous I think.
It's the brain not the body so your brain wouldn't switch handedness I don't think.
So Kevin was left handed so now you've got a really weak right hand.
Right, he hasn't built up the fucking muscles.
Damn dude, I know how to solve that.
It's a lot easier to be right handed like everyone in the world.
Literally every person except for liars.
If you had trouble learning to write growing up it's because you're a liar.
My mom is left handed like a liar and she always put the pencil in my left hand when I was growing up.
To try to make you left handed?
Be like me son.
My dad's left handed and he went to Catholic school and part of their thing was trying to make kids right handed who were left handed.
He also broke his arm when he was a really young kid and he still remained left handed.
He said that is how strongly it took to him.
The Catholics, they can instill some stuff.
But not handedness apparently.
No.
Okay sorry.
Chest, back, left foot, dominant hand?
Yes sir.
You said the palm.
Yes inside the palm.
Can I look at my palm?
When you look in your palm there are letters burned into your hand.
It says T-I-L-D-E.
Tilde.
That's in Keith's hand?
That's in all three of your hands.
Okay. Do you boys have Tilde written in your hands?
I do.
Does it look burned in? Is that what you said?
Burned.
Yeah.
I think I would want to check what our backs say but I mean I'm looking at my hand and
then I'm looking in front of me and do I still see old Clark?
He's holding the robe.
I shake out the robe.
Nice.
Does anything come out?
His depends.
Yeah.
God.
He's a great sorcerer but he's fully incontinent.
Smells like real estate agent.
That we made shit his pants.
Okay so yeah.
This takes me back.
Yeah.
Boys my back is burning.
Is there something written?
Mine too.
My foot.
Here.
I'll check your back while I take my shoe off and you check my foot.
And we play Twister.
Keith struggles to rip his way too tight polo off.
It hurts really badly as you pull off your way too tight polo as the polos texture moves
across the burned skin on your chest and on your back.
Ow.
And you all see that on each of your chests burned in are the letters M-A-R-V-I-N.
On your back it says D-R-E-W.
And on the bottom of each of your left feet it says M-A-G-G-I-E.
Clark the bottom of your left foot when you look at it, it also has this very distinct
lack of skin, a discoloration.
What do you mean?
Like it's translucent?
No like this skin has been eaten away.
Okay.
Is it black?
Yeah.
And what's it in the shape of?
A circle with six smaller circles.
Okay.
Surrounding it.
That's only on Clark's foot?
Yes it is.
Gotcha.
Do these burns look like the behold a fool brand?
They do not.
Okay.
These look much cleaner.
Okay.
I need everyone to roll a sanity check for me.
23 but I still failed.
Oh shit.
I crit fail with an 88.
Wonderful.
Thomas?
84.
All three of you lose one sanity.
Let's see where that puts you each.
That puts me at 19.
That puts me at 18 which is also my breaking point.
I'm at 11.
My breaking point is 8.
All right.
So what we have here is a new breaking point for Clark Bishop, a new breaking point that
is going into effect now for John Lee Pettymore that he broke into on the last episode or
two episodes ago.
And then fittingly John Lee Pettymore as well as Clark Bishop both rolled over their power
so we'll see what that does moving forward.
What we're going to do for this third and final breaking point for each of you, you're
going to roll a D100 on the Call of Cthulhu 7th edition manias table.
We're going to roll it three times and then choose.
You can choose which mania you want to take.
Okay.
Thomas, go ahead and roll up some numbers for me.
61, 62, and 51.
All right.
61, Kleptomania, the irrational compulsion for stealing.
62, oh boy, Ligeromania, L-I-G-Y-R-O, mania, uncontrollable compulsion to make loud or
shrill noises.
I really don't.
Please don't do that one.
I really suggest.
That one's called The Listener's Delight.
I really suggest you don't choose that one.
He somehow went down to zero Patreon subscribers.
Another podcast was chugging along just fine and then all of a sudden it tanked.
That asshole Thomas tried to go all Michael Winslow.
And did you roll 51 or 52?
51.
51 is Gymnomania, G-Y-M-N-O mania, which is a compulsion with nudity.
A compulsion with nudity?
Like it has to be nude?
It says with nudity.
With nudity.
Yeah.
I'm going to just take the stealing one.
Yeah.
That's like the most useful in an RPG.
That absolutely makes sense.
John Lee Pettymore, John Kevin Lee Pettymore, now a kleptomaniac.
Joe, do you want to roll three times for me on this table here?
Sure.
Let's see what you got.
A 30.
Okay.
A 94.
Okay.
A 92.
I'm not using these dice for the rest of the night.
Or you get hot it all out.
A 30 is Colromania, C-O-U-L-R-O mania, it's an obsession with clowns.
Okay.
Interesting.
A 92, you said?
No, what was it?
94?
Uh-huh.
94, Theomania, belief that he or she is a god.
Might actually make some sense here.
Interesting.
And what was the third number?
94?
The 94 was the belief in god.
Belief in god.
Oh, 30.
Nope.
We did that one already.
Okay, the 92.
92, Technomania, an obsession with new technology.
I think I got to take the god one.
I think so.
That's the dopest one.
That seems obvious.
Read the phrasing on it one more time.
Belief that he is a god.
That's what I thought.
Yep, pretty straightforward.
Those are going to dictate your actions, dictate not so much, but help push you with new objectives
and persuasions.
Oh, shit.
The three of you are in this still black crypt, pure darkness, and there is the corpse of
Ari Manstein, there is the coffin flipped over, and then you know that outside of this
tomb are still the three android men, their corpses are out there.
What would you like to do?
Clark rushes Kevin and I'm trying to tackle Kevin.
Alright.
If the two of you could roll unarmed combat against each other to see who gets the upper
hand.
Can I roll firearms to see if I can shoot him first?
Yeah.
Is he rolling against my unarmed for that?
I got a 41 on a 70.
I got a 56 on a 60.
Alrighty, Thomas rolled a d10 for damage.
Six.
As Clark Bishop starts getting up, cloak in hand, he runs toward John Lee Pettymore.
I'm screaming as I'm running toward him.
I mean, I'm just guttural yelling as I charge you.
Can I hear what that's like to put me in?
Okay, that spooks me, so I draw my pistol and fire and shoot him in the thigh.
God damn it, Kevin, you told me about that.
It was old me.
I saw old me.
Who are you?
Why couldn't you warn me about that?
Who are you?
Why are you trying to attack me?
God damn it.
And I start to feel the blood pooling from the side of my hip.
I see shots fired and it's this dimly lit place, but I see the big loud flashing of
the muzzle of the gun.
All three of you can't hear anything anymore.
Your ears are ringing.
Tinnitus is on the verge of happening.
I rush over to Clark and try to apply first aid to his.
Roll first aid for me.
That's a 37 on a 60.
Roll a d4 and tell me what you're doing.
Applying pressure with a one.
A one.
You apply a one hit point amount of pressure to the wound, stopping the bleeding.
Cool.
That's what's important here.
I am at 13 hit points.
As I'm holding Clark's leg, I look at both of them.
I'm like, why are you fighting?
What is happening?
I look at Kevin, or Kevin John.
I don't, I'm sorry.
I just, it just freaked me out.
I just, I'm sorry.
I look up at Kevin John and I just have a look in my, on my face of like, what the fuck?
Like John is just looking down at his body in confusion.
Guys, what the, what the fuck did we just see?
I mean, we're all burnt up.
We got Tildy, Maggie, Marvin.
Tildy.
Oh shit.
Oh, hey Clark.
Oh fuck.
I'm sorry, brother.
I remember now.
It seems like I failed a sanity check or something, but I'm sorry.
I'm awful sorry for shooting you in the leg.
We ought to solve this Tildy thing.
I shouldn't, I shouldn't have startled you.
I'm sorry, John.
Well, you know how I am when I get startled.
I just, I deserve to be shot real hard in the hip there.
That, that made sense.
The most forgiving role-playing character that has ever existed.
Remember you think you're a God now.
Keith stands up and opens the door to the mausoleum to let some light in here and to
get some fresh air.
Fresh air pours in, specifically shining a nice light on the corpse of your fallen coworker.
I go over to Ari's body and kind of look at both my fellow officers and start trying to
get her back into the coffin.
That way we can just leave here without feeling guilty and go fucking figure some shit out.
As you grab the lifter, the burn on your dominant hand just hurts.
So like an open wound.
So extremely painful when you go to grab her.
Try kicking her with the foot that weren't burned.
I just power through the pain of it and lift her up into the coffin, shut the coffin.
And I think where it's laying right here, it's good enough.
Nobody else needs to come into this mausoleum anyway.
So Clark is going to limp over back to the cloak and I'm going to pick it up and wrap it
around my waist as a giant makeshift bandage.
Absolutely.
Was there a book that old Clark was reading out of?
He had a piece of parchment that he was reading off of.
Is that anywhere around here?
You kind of saw it as he was chanting.
You saw the page kind of burn up and then turn into these lights that danced around you.
Any of you guys see, I guess, what the words were?
What the hell did he do?
I think maybe the words are on us now.
What does Tildy, Marvin, Drew and Maggie, what do they have in common?
Other than we all know them.
This is what old Clark is trying to emphasize to us.
These might be the four keys to what's going on here, these people.
Do you think their locations on our bodies mean anything?
If they do, I don't know what it is right now.
We can try to figure that out.
Drew is a pain in my back.
Well...
We thought Maggie was six feet under.
Keith, you saw Maggie, her body missing a foot, right?
That's true, yeah.
That makes sense.
I don't know what the others would mean, but we have gotten so distracted in the past 40 minutes.
Do you guys still want to go with this plan for Marvin Glass?
I mean, yeah, I think we should still try to call those guys.
I've got this handy wound here that makes it look like you guys shot me.
That's true.
Does it look like you guys shot me?
You're an even better Chewbacca.
I mean, it doesn't make it look like we shot you.
It literally is because he did.
What if we need to make these people eat these parts of themselves?
Let's focus less on that right now.
Do you have a better theory?
I don't have a better theory, but I think we ought to stick to the plan.
You don't think we need to make Tilde eat her palm and Marvin eat his chest and Drew eat his back and Maggie eat her other foot?
Well, I don't know where Tilde is, so...
Unless you have better suggestions, I say we get back to the police car as we were going to before we ran into the cops,
ran into this crazy fucking long-arm beast.
Let's get in the car.
Beast, you beast!
Give these FBI or not people a call and drive over to Marvin's and try to get some shit figured out before we fucking kill each other.
You can do whatever you want to once we get there.
Well, no, you can't. We do this teamwork.
We can talk about it on the car ride, but we do need a game plan.
Say it all goes off without a hitch and we're in, then what?
How about we get to the car first, get out of this fucking cemetery. How about that? Let's do that.
And I just turn heel and I walk out of the mausoleum.
I start limping out behind him.
You all limp out as the bottom of your left foot hurts so fucking bad with every step that you take,
and you limp past these three dead android dudes and you keep moving through these crypts, these above-ground tombs,
these mausoleums of the city cemetery, and you make your way to the parking lot where there are only two cars present.
Keith Vigna's contention police department cruiser and Clark Bishop's silver Honda Accord provided by the Circle of Knowledge.
Do you have anything in your car you need to get out before we head on out?
Let me check. Anything in that car? I'll open up the glove box.
Yeah, as long as you brought your guns and your couple phones with you, then you're good to go.
It's all on my person.
Let me make a stop by the city free clinic real quick and see if we can't get patched up by Sawbones.
They might ask us why we all have...
That's why we go to the free clinic, not the emergency room.
Well, you do have the best drive, so I assume you're going to be driving and you can take a pit stop if you want.
And then he looks at me and he's like, what the fuck does that mean?
You're the best driver, is what I meant to say.
I'm hurt pretty bad, fellas. It wouldn't bother me at all.
Okay, let's do that then.
Hey, watch out!
Welcome to the city free clinic where all your troubles are hurts.
Want to take another pass at that?
Welcome to the free clinic in the city where all your free troubles are taken care of by the pain that stops.
Seems like something's been lost in translation.
I go up to the front counter and I'm like, hey, my buddy's hurt and I got a burn on my foot. Can you help me?
Yeah, of course, we can help you.
And I'm about five points shy of normal myself, if you know what I mean, so...
Yeah, sure, go ahead and fill out these forms and wait in the waiting room until we call your names.
I put down Rex Thrasher for my name.
Very cool name.
I put in Peter Deeter for my name.
Clark writes down Clark Bishop and then looks at your guys' sheets and then just crosses it out.
And he writes down...
Clark Chisup.
He writes down Chaz Fauntleroy.
Chaz Fauntleroy.
Lil Chaz Fauntleroy.
Okay, let's roll a bureaucracy check.
Oh!
Hell yeah.
I happen to have some of that.
I have some of that too.
I have 50 bureaucracy.
I got 30.
Okay, so here's what I'm going to do. Whoever has the highest is going to roll, but the other two can roll to assist in this since you're all together.
For each success, I'll give a plus 10% bump to whoever's got the highest.
I've got a 40.
I have 50.
30.
I rolled a 16.
Hell yeah.
So we don't need it, right?
Oh yeah, you don't need it.
Yeah, you just take care of business.
And sir, what is the format on which the payment will go through on the forms?
If you bill it to the First Church of Contention.
Oh yeah, absolutely. They have an account with us.
Thank you so much for coming in.
Everyone roll a D4 and gain that many hit points back.
Where's that one I handed?
Oh, there it goes back to you.
Four!
Woo!
Three!
Woo!
Three, but I only need one to get back up to max.
Give one to Joe.
Two.
That puts me at a 16.
I'm at 19.
I'm at 25.
You guys roll out back to the parking lot feeling much better.
It's 2 p.m. The sun is high in the sky on December 6th.
It's still a pretty cold day here in the city.
Which cars did you bring both of them?
I think we all hopped into the PD car.
Oh, that's right. I was there.
So, what would you like to do?
Okay.
It's time to Chewbacca it.
We're gonna go.
You guys were gonna call while you went to Jim Cook's house to go look at the book?
Oh, that's right. We're gonna go to the book and then go to Marvin's. That's right.
So, we call the FBI in quotation marks.
I was just waiting for Taylor to finish ringing.
You hear the click and then you hear an automated voice say,
Thank you for calling. For prompt service, please identify yourself and any associates.
Keith Vigna, Clark Bishop, John Lee Pettymore III.
Thank you. Has the incursion been stopped?
No.
Thank you. Has the incident been covered up?
Yes.
Thank you. Is that all?
No, but I would like to talk to someone about it.
Thank you. Is that all?
I have nothing else to say to a robot. I would like to talk to the officers that I talked to a couple of days ago.
Thank you. Is that all?
Yes.
Thank you.
And the line goes dead.
Yeah, that robot wasn't really in a negotiating mood.
Not really.
We learned precisely jack shit from that.
Fuck.
Can I go pee real quick?
Just piss your pants, Luke. I mean, they are yellow.
You can see a picture of Luke's pants on the Instagram page at PretendingPod.
I peed my pants.
You can see an after picture after he peed his pants.
Only on Instagram.
Only on Instagram.
And they got more yellow.
I'll put it on Twitter too.
So real fast on my breaking point that I just hit, does that take effect now?
We'll go ahead and just say like it'll take effect now.
I know that you like role playing wise, like.
Because we usually, it was when we went to bed, so I wasn't playing it too hard just now.
Sure, yeah.
You can just evolve into your character from here as you move forward.
Okay.
And then actually I said earlier that that was your final breaking point, but what was your sanity at when you hit that?
So I'm now at 18, so that makes me go down, so my next breaking point will be at 6.
At 6, so you'll gain another disorder at 6 sanity points.
As well as Thomas, when you hit your breaking point, what were you at?
I'm at 18 right now.
Gotcha.
And what's your power?
Power is 12.
Right, so then you'll also have another breaking point at 6.
Right, yeah.
Well now mine's at.
Oh, from earlier.
From earlier, yeah.
Sure.
I think it's 7.
Okay, cool.
So your next breaking point will be at 7, and then Luke just has one breaking point left.
Yeah, my next one is at 8, so after that I'll be bing bong.
I'll be a bing bong boy.
You'll go insane forever.
To join the ranks of all my other characters.
Have we ever talked about regaining sanity?
Can you do that in this game?
You know, there is a mechanic in Delta Green for regaining sanity.
Oh, it's going to the therapist, right?
It is, yeah.
So there's a couple ways that you can do it.
Oh, yeah.
Because we did that in one of the wonderful campaigns.
Yeah, when we had a campaign where we were doing shorter scenarios.
Shorter scenarios with home scenes in between is how you traditionally play Delta Green,
but I have given you guys no downtime in this campaign whatsoever.
And downtime is normally when you would bump stats, train new stats.
You might reconnect with your family, go to the therapist, any of those things.
We haven't done any of that.
We'll maybe try it on the next campaign to add that back in,
but for this one we're not going to worry about it.
And then as far as gaining sanity besides going to the therapist,
in a lot of Delta Green scenarios, at the end there will be bonuses for sanity.
If you take out a threat or whatever, then you can gain sanity back.
I'm all for that, but you guys have only done things that would lose sanity.
Right.
This campaign's not really meant to make you guys feel better in any way.
All right, cool.
So what is the plan?
You guys called and you were on your way.
We just got ourselves fixed up at the free clinic.
Yeah, we called.
Didn't get to talk to anybody.
Yep.
Although you told them that we wanted to talk to them and they said okay.
Right.
So I suppose that we will wait for a callback from them.
They'll probably call any minute.
I'm sure they will.
So John, I think you're going to be driving us to Jim's house.
All right.
While we're there, I want to tell you that we in the real world got these little notebooks from Joe,
which have fun Missouri facts on the back of them,
and they list one of our five primary crops as forage, and none of us knew what that was,
so I looked it up, and forage are crops grown specifically to be grazed by livestock or consumed as hay.
That was my guess.
Oh, that makes sense.
Makes sense.
It doesn't have to go on air, but I just looked it up and I wanted to tell you guys now.
To keep that methane pumping, baby.
We're an edutainment podcast now, technically speaking.
This is actually, there's going to be a pretty heavy shift towards Missouri agriculture facts in the coming weeks.
Which might prove controversial to some listeners, but...
If you didn't know, Kansas City is the largest city in Missouri, followed by St. Louis, followed by Springfield.
What?
But 66% of Missouri is covered in farmland, so we're lucky to not be farmers.
That's a pretty cool number.
Your family are farmers.
Dumb hillbilly farmers.
Rich, dumb hillbilly farmers.
You can pipe in the Missouri facts theme that we wrote here if you want.
Yes, that we recorded earlier.
Well, it's Missouri facts and we're going downtown.
You can post the back of this on the Instagram so all our followers can get their Missouri facts.
It's between our listeners.
If you want to know what the state animal or insect is, check out our Instagram.
Don't Google it.
But for more of this campaign, keep listening right now as we stop talking about Missouri.
Yeah, so the last time we decided was to go to Jim's.
Yeah, we're going to Jim's, looking for that book and anything else that might be of interest over there.
Clark directs you to the neighborhood that he was in earlier today, actually.
And as you guys are pulling in, you see that there are flyers put up on every poll.
And on each of these flyers is Clark Bishop's face.
Underneath it says, Clark Bishop, call cops if seen. Say, quote, violent EDP.
As cops, we know what EDP is and it means...
As cops, you know that violent EDP...
Oh, I don't have internet right now.
Why is the wifi down?
Oh, look it up.
In the meantime, did you know that the state fossil is the crinoid?
Emotionally disturbed person.
And that's a fun one because there's a lot of road cuts in the highways and stuff out through the limestone of the Ozark Mountains.
And you can go up there and just collect fossils.
Crinoids, trilobites.
Nice.
Dinosaur bones.
Thanks for that fun Missouri fact.
EDP is emotionally disturbed person.
That is right.
And you're a violent one apparently.
All of that is probably correct.
You drive through and you see all these suburban homes look the exact same, but Clark does point out one that says Jim Cook on the mailbox outside.
There it is.
As we pull in, I see one of these and I'm like, Clark, what did you do?
What are you talking about?
And I point to one of the flyers on a light pole.
Oh, shit.
I mean, I woke up on the driveway here and there was a jogger walking around.
He asked what I was doing here and I just told him I didn't know and I must have come off hanky to him or something.
I don't know.
But he left in a hurry after I talked to him.
Did you tell him your name or?
Yeah.
I told him I was an officer from contention.
Next time you should kill him.
Keith looks down at his feet, doesn't believe what Clark just told him, but shrugs it off.
I'll human what Clark just told me.
Would that be against something of mine or is it just if he passes or not?
You know, now that we've been rolling against each other for unarmed combat and now shooting each other, I think we could get to a point in time where you can human against each other.
So, Clark, you would roll human.
Or if he, like a liar, if he has a higher skill in persuade maybe, could he roll that versus my human?
Oh, I like that. Yeah.
Yeah.
So, whatever is higher, I think.
I got a 41 out of a 50 human.
I'm rolling on my persuade, which is a 40, and I fail.
I'm not telling you the whole truth, but I'm definitely telling you essentially what happened, but I am withholding something.
You know, Vigna, trust ish him.
I'm fine with that for now.
Let's just get in here, get this book and-
Before we go in, there's a few rules, all right?
You don't step on Superman's cake, you don't spit in the wind, and god damn it, you don't mess around with Jim.
Those are the rules.
Do you- you must-
Did you know Jim very well, Jon?
It's just a song, boys. Let's go.
Okay.
I look at both of them, kind of roll my eyes, and then walk into Jim's house.
The door is locked.
I use my lock picking skill to open the door.
Ooh, dope.
An 11 on a 50.
A crit.
A crit success. Do you want to describe how quick and smooth you are?
I flick the doorknob with my finger, and it just pops open.
Got the Fonzie touch.
It kind of hurt my fingernail, but I kind of wave it off and look back at the boys, open it up, and walk in.
As you guys walk in, the house smells kind of old, but in a nice, calming, familiar way.
There's an upright piano in the entry.
The living room has papers and binders strewn all over the coffee table, couch, chairs, the floor, really just everywhere all over this house.
The sun is shining in through the window, illuminating a fair amount of dust that is moving slowly upward.
Hey Clark, do you remember where this particular book is?
Clark starts walking toward where he last saw the book.
Clark, as you walk toward where you last saw the book, you walk through the kitchen, you see that the picture that you saw in the fridge is still there,
and sitting out on the kitchen counter are the other items that you saw when you came through here last time.
And then sitting out in the living room with all the papers and binders and stuff all over the place, you see this big book.
It's leather and thick, and it has a symbol on the front that you obviously have come to recognize.
It's the big circle. It's the Circle of Knowledge logo surrounded by six smaller circles.
And the thick leather book has a girthy wooden bookmark, and it is stuck toward the back of the book.
I pick up the book, and I just kind of lift it. This is the one I was talking about.
So is that bookmark, is that the only page you can open it up to?
Last time, for sure. Let me see if that's still the case.
It is.
Let's us try to open it.
Well, can you try to take the bookmark out and put it in a different page?
I'll give it a shot.
As you try to do that, the bookmark won't go into any other pages, and it is as if earlier said, as a magnet is almost keeping it away.
What happens when Keith and John try?
The three of you are all now hands and feet all in trying to pry this book open.
Keith is on the floor with his feet in the air, you know, kind of tugging on it.
Trying to get the boat shoe grip on there.
We should see if John has any WD-40.
Jim.
I should see if I have any WD-40.
Well, let's just take this with us.
It seems, I don't really know, I mean, why are we even coming to get this in the first place? Maybe as an offering or something?
Will you describe to them what they see on that page that it only opens up to?
Yeah, absolutely. So this book does open up to this one specific page, and it is written all over.
And over and over and over on this ancient parchment is the phrase,
It is only through death that he may rise again.
It, death, and he are all capitalized.
And drawn over this obsessive scrawl is a picture of a hooded figure that you just saw with a brilliant light shining from its maw.
So Maggie told me that this is some kind of sacred text to their circle.
She called it her dad's book even, like it was maybe his personal copy or something.
Well, hell, Clark, it almost sounds like they're talking about you.
Well, now that I've seen the picture and I've seen me, the old me, I'm starting to wonder that maybe I'm more important to their plans than I realized.
What did it say again?
Only through, oh.
It is only through death that he may rise again.
Hey, fellas, I died.
That's what I'm saying, man.
Oh.
And you rose again, and there's this picture in here.
Just for a record, Joe didn't put that together until just now, and I got chills.
It's some kind of, it's almost, it's prophetic.
You could be some kind of messiah, some kind of a child of prophecy.
I've been starting to believe that more and more lately.
There's a manic glint in your eye when you say that.
And I kind of, I look, the way that Clark said it and what I saw in his eye, I kind of start to believe it too.
You also, when you're going through this, you do feel on your person you have an envelope with a letter in it that you found right here that you still have with you.
What are you touching yourself for?
Oh, I forgot about this, and I pull it out.
Fellas, this is a, when I was trying to pry the book open to another page, this kind of flitted out of the book, and I hand it to him.
It is a letter written by Jim Cook that in detail refutes, quote, the revelation of the overseer, end quote, calling it the scratches of a broken man.
The letter then goes on to outline new guidelines, including the immediate reassignment of all members of the disposal unit.
And at the top of the page, it says, faith through knowledge is just called knowledge.
That faith through knowledge bit there, that's a, that's the motto of the circle.
Oh, okay.
As you guys are standing around.
You escaped me the first time.
Clark, do you feel like you did a pretty thorough and successful search of these papers the first time you were here?
It was so thorough that there was no chance of missing anything.
Excellent.
Incredible.
That's why you are, no, were the best cop on the force.
Now it's Drew.
I don't know, I think Drew might be.
If we're, if we're sharing now, I laid out a couple other interesting items on the counter in the kitchen there you can take a look at.
We go take a look at those.
As you guys go and take a look at those, Clark Bishop, you feel a drop hit your nose, just a little wet drop hit your nose.
And as it runs down to the tip of your nose, you inhale, you kind of, oh, and you snort in and it is, um, it's, it's vodka.
I look up, you know, like recognize it.
Oh yeah, there's a stain on the ceiling.
It's pooling.
You can see that the drywall is wet and hits you again, hits you again.
The two of you, as you go into the kitchen, you see that there are three items sitting out on the kitchen counter.
There's a Ziploc bag containing two small items, a single tarot card, the devil with several bullet holes in it, as well as a taxidermied baby squirrel.
There's also a leather holster for a firearm.
There isn't a gun in it, but there is a small bit of text tooled into the leather.
It says scientia morse est underneath it. It says dash K uppercase K.
And then there's also a ring. It's got some small little curly hairs on it.
It is smooth and silver with a little plateau on top. It is completely smooth with no markings.
What are the items in the, oh wait, are these all in the bag?
No, it's just a taxidermied baby squirrel and the tarot card with bullet holes in it.
Yes. The other two things, the leather holster and the ring are just sitting out.
I walk in to join the fellows. There's vodka dripping from the ceiling.
Is this a two story house?
Nope. I think it was.
Oh, it was.
Yeah. I went upstairs to get pants. I'm pretty sure.
Oh yeah. It's a two story house.
Is this a two story house?
Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely it is.
There's vodka dripping from the ceiling?
Yeah. Let's go check it out.
Before we go, I feel like there's a 30 percent chance that this holster belonged to Kevin. 33 percent.
So I just take that and put it on my belt and get my gun.
Did you find these and put them all here just cause you, what did you think?
I don't really know. I kind of wondered if that squirrel was the work of Julie Maxwell.
She was into taxidermy, but there's no way for me to know.
As soon as I heard, as soon as I saw that it was a taxidermy squirrel, I thought of Julie Maxwell and of that hat that I put on.
Well, hat.
Did you try the ring on?
I don't think I did.
Is it big enough to fit on any of my fingers?
Yeah. When you slip it on, there's a small glow on top of it on the flat part and the glow shows a small logo as you slip it on.
And the logo is an M created out of four double helices.
Wish I would have put that on.
Do I feel any different having it on or just that happens?
Nope. But now the Ringwraiths know where you are.
I look around.
Keith, you recognize that symbol? That was on the robot man we fought back at James's house.
Pretty sure that probably has something to do with Marvin Glass, I would assume.
Oh, yeah. That could be. Or Maggie.
What if Maggie's making robots?
What's the double helix then? Does that ring any bells?
I mean, other than what we saw stamped where the penis of the robot should have been.
But I mean, is that significant to Marvin or Maggie in any way?
Is it M?
Oh, no, no. I don't know. I'm just, I got Marvin on my mind.
Just the shape of DNA. I don't know.
Marvin!
I had a...
Marvin!
Sorry, I had Marvin on my mind.
God.
I had previously taken one of my shoelaces off to tie around my pants to keep it up.
I take the other shoelace off, slip it into the ring, and I'm wearing it around my neck now.
Dope. Love it.
Keith, I found that in a pile of pubes.
It could... I'm going to assume that it was just squirrel hair.
No, it was pubes. You might just want to wash it.
Midsummer spoilers.
Well, I just kind of... I kind of shake...
While it's around my neck, I shake it off and hope most of the pubes come off.
But at this point, there's some nice sunlight coming in through the kitchen window,
and you can see the pubes kind of swirl around in a nice...
And the American Beauty song starts playing.
At the end of the day here, one of the least concerns I have is touching pubes at this point.
When was that ever a concern for you?
That vodka was dripping from the ceiling in there.
I don't know much about construction of houses,
but that would have to be a lot of vodka upstairs to make it drip through the ceiling, right?
Let's go check that out.
I'll head on up there.
I follow behind him.
As you're walking through, there's a couple hallways, some rooms, couple rooms, a bathroom, a closet.
But you start to realize as you're walking in these doors that the vodka is spilling from a place
where there isn't a room that could actually put you in that spot in the living room.
Can I just put my ear to a wall that I think would lead to where that vodka would be coming from?
Yeah, as you put your ear to the wall where you think the vodka would be dripping from,
you actually do hear a slight static noise.
But if there was a room there, it seems like it's been maybe walled off or something.
Let's search for a door.
Well, we either search for a door or it's not there anymore. We need to bust in through it.
After we don't find a door, we can bust through it.
Would tapping on the wall reveal a door if there was one?
Or, you know, just a simple search rule.
That's kind of what I was envisioning.
With the three of you working together, let's have the two assist the one with the best search,
as we did earlier with the health that was unnecessary.
I've got a 40. I've got a 50.
I've just got the basic 20.
98. We're not going to find this door.
It doesn't even, it can't get me down to 50.
I could have found it with my search rule.
I rolled a 13.
I mean, we could have both helped him, but it's still the 78.
You know full well that there is an open room on the other side of this wall, but you cannot find a door to get there.
I want to use my athletics to just falcon kick this wall where there's not a stud.
Roll athletics.
43 on a 50.
Nice. Keith's foot is stuck in the wall.
I helped to pull him out.
No, no, no. Push him through.
How am I the only one trying to pull over?
How can you have enough drowning out of the noise?
There's no time to go.
There's no time to go.
