Howdy-do, my wolf pups.
It's your rootin' tootin' DJ Wolf the dog.
Emphasis on the tootin'.
I have horrible bowel issues.
Please send some tootin' medicine
into the interdimensional hallways, I wonder.
But I will not let my passive massive gas emissions
ruin this transmission,
which is broadcastin' live from 694.2 PTBP.
I think I smell somethin' funky.
We must have a new Howlin' with Wolf.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Mason
in Orlando, Florida, who tweeted about the show
and tagged that pretending pod,
a thing you will also do the next time
you are on the Twitter.
Mason writes, the Yatil Arts Foundation
would like to invite you for a one-night-only performance
of the show that everyone is talkin' about,
Leroy and Juwan.
Join classically trained performers like Liberty Siegel,
Isa Al-Barsoumi, and Craig O'Doul
as they transport you to the magical realm of Carcosa
through the unforgettable songs
and legendary choreography of the 1895 classic.
Tickets are goin' fast,
so hurry to your local performin' arts center.
If you see the yellow sign, you're in the right place.
Huh, well, Mason, I think I'm gonna have to start
gettin' my producer to start proofin'
some of these Howlin' with Wolfses,
because some of y'all just send the wildest shit
and it truly does scare me.
Mason, I hope your weird performin' arts thing
is fun and not creepy.
It better not be creepy and weird, Mason.
If you wanna write up somethin' for your wolf to howl,
tag at PretendingPod on the internet
or write a five-star review on Apple Podcasts
and let us know about it.
If you wanna find Scott on Twitter
or hang out with the cast and other listeners on Discord
or listen to some of Justin's incredible score,
then friendship ended with Zelda,
now Link is my best friend,
and all the Links are in the show notes.
And what does Link say when he meets one of a set
of explicit or understood regulations
or principles governing conduct
within a particular activity or sphere?
Hi, rule.
Fuck Ganondorf Dragmire, it's time for the news.
Last time, Elden Ring ended up dancin' with a woman
whose mind was already owned by some force greater
than Elden had ever met, such force that Chequers,
Elden's leader, had to pull out smell insults
to bring the psychic back to reality.
Lafayette J. Honeycutt teased his own invention
as he and his man, Harvey Brewer,
climbed up a frozen ladder to the top of the tower
adorned with Cicero Mordaunt's strange aerial antennae.
While up there, Harvey saw somethin' indescribable
flyin' through the winter storm and toward the house.
But at the very end of the last episode,
Elden Ring basically pledged allegiance
to this unimaginable power that has taken hold
of the guests here, and when Chequers brought him back again
the changed psychic stared into the pitch black eyes
of Reverend Nye, who winked.
If that doesn't give you shivers,
then you need to release the tension
in your jaw and shoulders.
Here, maybe this'll help.
It's Isabelle Crane with Hollow.
I didn't know a body could be hollow
before its blood ran cold.
I didn't know that the wind could sew
through tissue and faggot bone.
You were hollow when you spoke to me.
Hollow when you sang.
I thought you might be starvin'
so I gave you everything.
Who would like to recount what happened last time?
Oh shit, welcome to pretending to be people!
Psychic attack, psychic attack, psychic attack!
If it's dark, look in the window and there's a face there.
If you're stoned right now and it's dark outside,
don't look in the window.
Nightmare, nightmare, nightmare.
There's not someone in your closet you don't have to check.
But there is somebody in the backseat of your car.
Oh!
That's why the car behind you keeps flashing their brides.
Oh no.
Listen to podcasts while driving, cut this bit.
No!
Put in honking noises.
Yeah, put in sirens.
Sirens.
Oh my god, that happened to me the other day.
It made me so angry and it was another actual play.
That wasn't fun for me.
It scared me.
I don't like cops.
Alright, so...
Yeah, in the words of John Lennon,
Get a job, cop!
And we are here in the pretending to be people episode
with a special guest named Scott Dormerd.
Scott, thank you for joining us once again.
Oh, my pleasure, gents. My pleasure.
How do you think it's going so far?
It's accelerating nicely and I am looking forward to doing horrible things to all of you.
Nice!
Yeah, we're gonna die.
Our bodies are ready.
Hey, Zach, big thanks for taking that huge luck hit for me in the last one.
I'm a team player.
What are you at now?
I am down to two.
No, I'm just kidding. I have 51.
Oh, shit.
After all that?
You'll be fine.
You had mad luck.
Okay.
Yeah, 65 luck.
Wow.
You won't need luck for anything else in this scenario.
I'm at 32 right now, so I could still survive an atomic blast, but just barely.
I would have been at 32 if you hadn't taken it for me.
Oh, well, you're welcome, my dear sir.
I'm still sitting pretty at 65.
You need to start doing more crazy shit.
I'm currently wrecking alien technology.
I think I'm gonna start having to use some luck.
So, yeah, last time we left off, you guys were in the tower.
Destroying.
We had discovered the secret of Mordent's Tower thanks to Zach's luck sacrifice,
and the secret was it was set up to receive some kind of alien transmissions.
Or send, I think.
Send, okay, yes.
Possibly some sort of psychic thing, encouraging people to enjoy the invention.
Yeah, meanwhile, Checkers is chatting it up with an heiress to a fortune.
A real Greg over there.
I'm pulling a Greg, and then...
Succession reference.
Yeah, the senator still haven't talked to him.
Have yet to talk to the senator from Vermont.
I doubt that we'll be able to get to a psychic attack, psychic attack on him, because...
Why, Zach?
Well, Elden Ring, which is my full name.
Use it or lose it.
He's like, losing is an option. Please, please, lose it.
I think it's a really fun joke.
Scott, what would you have my name be?
I mean, literally anything else.
All right, I'll be literally anything else.
He's now Link from Zelda.
When we go back and listen to this, every time Elden Ring is said, it's just Scott introducing himself.
It's like, yeah, I'm Scott Dorward.
Every time Elden Ring is said, it's replaced with, it's a me.
It's a me.
Or you could just call me Kief, since that's like...
Yeah, we can spoil maybe at this point that your character is inspired by Kief from The Righteous Gemstones.
If you have been hitting some character moments with that in mind that have made Joe and I almost wet our pants.
It's been a really fun experience.
I'm happy to have such a delightful cult leader to be playing alongside,
as well as a crew of two that no one should outdo the brewer and whichever name you're going by.
Dave Ellington!
Dave Ellington, isn't that a pretty good fake name?
It's fucking great.
David Ellington, or is he just Birth Dave?
Oh yeah, I am going by David Ellington.
Yeah, it's very familiar for you two to call me Dave.
But where we really ended off is that Elden Ring here reached into the depths of part of your mind,
specifically Margaret Payne, the philanthropist,
reached into her mind and was met once again with a voice that basically enlisted Elden Ring
to make sure that the partygoers know that nothing should go off without a hitch this evening,
that Mardant's new invention should be well received,
and that everyone should know it's going to change the world, you know.
And so, then he comes to and sees the fucking religion man with black eyes.
Did you forget the word reverent?
Yeah.
The fucking religion man.
But yeah, then you looked at Checkers and said,
Are you excited for Mardant's new invention? It's going to change the world, you know.
See, isn't that a great Keef, everybody?
Doing Keef from the Righteous Gemstones.
When he says that to Checkers, immediately he's-
Psychic attack! Psychic attack! Psychic attack!
Are you really attacking him?
Okay.
Isn't that how I would put it in your head?
Yeah, it kinda is. You know what? You said you wouldn't.
I did say that.
And you meant it, but now you have no choice.
I really don't.
Okay, so is it a power contest?
Scott, is this cool?
If you're both happy with this, I am absolutely ecstatic.
I'm fine with it, yeah.
Oh shit.
I succeeded with a 38 on a 90, and I got a 31.
And what is Checkers' power?
90 as well.
Oh god, so you're both tied.
We're in a minelock!
Yeah, I mean, normally it goes to the person with the higher power,
but you've both got the same power.
So I'm happy, I think, to treat this as a stalemate, so yes.
Checkers can feel, yeah, for some reason,
Eldin has turned against you, it seems.
He is trying to implant these thoughts in your head.
But at the same time, he has at least implanted some of them
so that perhaps you can feel that he really wants you to go out there
and convince everyone else at the party that Mordin's adventure
is going to change the world, you know?
Yeah, so I can feel that he's done this to me.
Eldin Ring starts crying.
Eldin!
Eldin, what is the invention?
It's going to change the world, you know?
Checkers starts backing up a little bit,
and he wants to get the fuck out of this room.
He doesn't want to be around psychic attacks.
Checkers!
Yeah, Checkers runs out the front.
It's going to change the world, you know?
He runs out the front into the snow.
How far away is the tower from me right now?
A couple of minutes walk.
Yeah, you can see the outline of it.
It's quite dark out here now, and there is really quite heavy snow.
If you're looking around just trying to get your bearings there in the snow,
you can give me a spot to hit and roll.
There you are.
No, I mean, you can remember roughly where you came from,
but you can't even make out the outline of the tower now.
There's a few feet of snow, it seems, that have fallen since you've been in there.
The cars are partly buried under the snow now,
and you can't even see any footprints out here now.
It's all been covered up.
Yeah, since I didn't grab my coat or anything, I'm cold already,
and Checkers is thinking, I just need to get inside,
but not around all the crazy people that are in there.
He remembers when he got poked in the eye by his pencil
that they were passing a tower,
so he wants to go in the direction that he thinks the tower is.
Well, seeing as you're doing this blind, let's have a luck roll.
Pass. 17.
Fuck yeah.
So, yeah, even though you can't see the tower,
you make your way through the whipping snow,
and you do eventually find yourself at the base of this structure.
You can make out the general shape of it now that you're underneath it,
but the visibility has dropped almost nothing now.
He reaches out to the rungs of the ladder,
and he's like, oh, I think there might be ice on this,
so he gives it a little lick, and yeah, sure enough.
It tastes cold.
Sure enough, it tastes like cold, and there is ice on it,
but he's going to try to carefully make his way up
because he's freezing cold right now,
so he just wants to get inside somewhere.
Yeah, you make your way out.
It is not a pleasant climb.
Every rung is now more and more slippery as you're going up,
and the wind is pulling at your clothing a couple of times.
You're really having to hold on tight to stop yourself being blown off,
but somehow you do make it up to this trapdoor,
and from the other side of the trapdoor,
you can hear the sound of things being smashed.
Yeah, intense clanging and genteel screams
and the grunts of a brute.
Yeah, that terrifies Checkers,
but he's freezing cold, and the only option is climbing back down this,
and he's not going to do that, so he...
I think you might recognize this Lafayette in the screens.
As I'm trying to decide whether I climb back down
to get away from this scary sound, I hear him say something.
I'm like, oh, I think that's the scientist,
and I pop in.
We comically stop in mid-motion of our smashing and see him standing there.
Oh, Checkers.
Fellas?
Enjoying the party?
Harvey, have you thought any more about that pamphlet I gave you?
I haven't got a chance to read it yet.
We're kind of busy here.
You can read, though, right?
Of course.
Okay, great.
Checkers, be a lad and grab something blunt and heavy
and start smashing all of this, would you?
I'm going to look around.
That's a fail on my spot hidden, so I'm going to grab...
What's something shitty that would be up here?
Just kick something, Checkers.
I don't know, just smash, smash, Checkers, smash.
I start using my fists and feet to...
I'm not really sure what I'm doing, but there's a big guy.
There's these two guys and a really big one telling me to do this.
I'm just going to do it.
Did you see two guys in tuxedos just kicking weird science machinery?
This is what the liberal elite do at parties.
Yeah, I'm going to start smashing stuff, but also there's a lot of cool gadget-looking shit here,
so I'm going to start flipping switches while I'm punching buttons and stuff.
Okay, yeah, flipping switches doesn't really do much at the moment because...
Yeah, there's no power.
Yeah, we smashed it up good.
Did anything happen when we smashed the big bulb?
It broke.
Nice!
Cool, I bet that was loud.
I bet it was like...
Checkers is starting to really get into it.
He hasn't really had an outlet for his frustration in a while,
so in his coked-up brain, he's like, yeah, fuck this place,
and he pulls out a lighter.
He's going to try to just set something on fire.
Oh, that's the spirit, boyo.
Can you give me a luck roll, please?
Scott did say earlier that the flaming tower could fall and you guys could all live.
Yeah, 25 on a 32.
So you two managed to start a couple of small fires,
but at the moment, they haven't gone completely out of control.
Perfect.
You set an attainable goal and you achieved that goal.
Yeah, as I continue kicking the stuff in here and I look at Harvey,
I'm like, look, and just point at one of the fires.
Harvey looks over and is surprised how into it you've gotten,
but then notices the fire.
Whoa, buddy, maybe too much there.
We're still up here. If this thing goes up, we gotta go down.
Yeah, fuck this place.
The fire is slowly spreading.
It's caught onto some of the insulation of the wiring
and there's a bit of thick black smoke that is now pooling into the air,
but it's not out of control yet.
Lafayette, he sees that. He's taking a break.
He's taking a heavy breather, and he thinks it's hilarious that...
I keep wanting to call you Chuckles.
You surely can.
Chuckles, I think it's hilarious what you've done in this tower,
but I do think we should probably get a move on pretty quickly now.
He takes a moment to look around,
and he wants to steal the most advanced thing, intact thing he can,
like an antenna, maybe the most alien-looking deal.
He's like, fuck you, Cicero, I'll burn your tower down
and I'm going to reverse-engineer your technology.
The really alien-looking antennae are actually on the outside of the tower.
I mean, you've smashed the place up.
You could open up a window and lean out and try to unscrew one of them,
but the wind is really high at the moment, so this is not without risk.
Harvey?
Hey, boy, Harvey, would you please lean out the window there
and grab me one of those antennae before this place burns to the ground?
Harvey's just going to do a smash with a fist through a window
and try and reach out and grab ahold of the nearest antennae
and just yank as hard as he can.
I'd say give me a combined strength and luck roll
to see whether you can do this without destroying the antenna
and without cutting your arms to shreds on the broken window.
I rolled a 71. My strength is 90, but my luck is only 65.
Okay, so that is a failure.
So I think what that means is, yes, you've punched through the window.
You've managed to wrench this antennae away.
I mean, you've got bits of it in your hand,
but you have cut your arm in the process.
I'll say that you take only one hit point of damage from this,
but there is blood that is now running down your hand,
or at least running down your arm,
and your hand's getting a bit sticky and slick from it.
It might occur to you that this is perhaps suboptimal
for your climb down again.
Can I attempt a first aid roll on him real quick?
I mean, you can try.
It'll take you a bit of time to bind the wound,
and that fire is beginning to spray.
If you want to take the time out in the burning building
to bind the wound up, you certainly can.
At the very least, it'll be entertaining.
When Checkers sees this happening and sees him cut,
with his 1% in medicine, he holds his lighter up.
Got to cauterize it.
No, why don't you hold off on the cauterization?
Lafayette is looking at the briefcase
that's never left his hand this whole time,
and he's looking at the flames, and he's like,
I think we should probably move it pretty quick.
He runs down the ladder without further consideration.
Oh, you're such a tease!
Well, seeing as you're doing this in a hurry now,
fleeing the burning cabin,
you're perhaps not getting the opportunity
to be quite as cautious as you were on the way up,
so I think this is where I start asking for rolls.
Okay.
I'll give you a choice as to whether to make a dex
or a climb roll, whichever is better,
but what I will say is that,
as Lafayette is carrying his suitcase,
I'm going to ask for a hard dig.
Well, my dex is 30, and I rolled a 36.
So you missed by 21 here.
You've got a number of rungs down,
but now that you're trying to get down fast,
these rungs are really quite slick,
and you realize that you're not going to be able to get down
before the flames start spreading to the actual structure
if you're carrying the suitcase.
Oh!
Well, then my only option is to open it,
strap on the jet pack inside.
Yes!
Bow, bow, bow, bow.
And rocket man away from the fucking conflagration.
Rocket man!
So you are trying to, while in, you know,
50 or 60 mile per hour winds,
on this icy ladder under a burning building,
you're trying to strap on a jet pack.
Well, when you put it like that, Scott.
Sounds simple, easy, and yeah, that's what he does.
His design is as ergonomic as it is brilliant.
Okay.
In which case, I think just for slipping this on in a big hurry,
let's just make this an ordinary Dex roll.
Okay.
Oh, you better fucking make it 26.
Yes!
On a 30.
Okay.
So yes, you can strap that on.
And what is your plan?
Are you just leaping into the wind from there,
or are you trying to just slow your descent?
What are you doing?
He licks a finger and holds it out and gauges, like,
before it gets, like, whipped away by the 50 mile an hour wind.
He says, it is cold.
Your finger tastes cold.
He gauges the direction of the wind and leaps off with it
and ignites the jet pack and tries to, you know,
he doesn't want to fight the storm.
He wants to rise with it into the air.
Riders on the storm.
So you are completely at the mercy of this jet pack.
So I think we'll come back to you in a moment.
Okay, perfect.
Fuck, yes, dude.
That was amazing.
But let's deal with the other two first.
So you're in this burning structure,
and you've just seen Lafayette down below you on the ladder
strap something onto his back and then just jump off the ladder.
Yeah, Lafayette is like, we gotta get out of here.
Deuces.
Can I assume that it's on fire enough that, like,
it's a pretty well lit...
It's well lit.
I'm well lit, bro.
Yeah, yeah.
I think the darkness is the least of your problems.
Yeah, so I see that happen, and I look around the room,
and I look at Harvey before we can even have the conversation
about who goes first.
I'm going down.
Harvey is standing there a bit odd watching the rocket pack
light up and start to take off, and he's,
the madman did it.
The madman did it.
It's working.
It's working.
Goodbye, Harvey.
As he watches wherever that starts to take him,
Harvey's going to start trying to get down the ladder also.
Yeah, as soon as I go down, I...
Get your ass down here.
We need you in the group.
Yeah.
Like, I can't lose a cult member.
Yeah.
So I think checkers, first of all,
let's have a dex roll from checkers to see how well you're
clambering down the ladder.
That's a 36 on a 50.
OK, so you're going down fine.
I mean, it's slow going because, again, you're having to,
every now and then, just hug onto the ladder for dear life
to stop being blown off.
But you are getting down without falling off, which is good.
On the other hand, Harvey and his wounded arm now,
I'm going to ask for a hard dex roll because of the injury.
It's a fail fail.
62 on a 50.
You're making your way down, but at the moment,
the blood's dripping down off your arm and your hand's slick.
Every now and then, because of the blood in your hand,
it's actually freezing.
I was going to say, I'm getting stuck to it every now and then.
And when you're pulling us away, you can feel skin coming
away as you're getting your hand free.
Who's hungry?
He's going to try and rip off his sleeve of that arm and try
and pull it down further so that he's not having the blood
contact with the rail.
I'll tell you what, let's be generous here.
Let's treat this as a push roll so there will be really bad
consequences if you fail.
But I'll say it because you're doing that.
This sounds more like brute strength than dexterity.
If you want to make a strength roll.
Yeah, I would like to do that.
You got this.
It's a 64 on a 90, so I pass, but not a hard pass.
No, this just needed to be a hard.
So yes, you do manage to tug it down.
I mean, that's not quite stopped the bleeding, but it
slowed it down enough that the blood isn't going to be quite
as much of an impediment.
So yeah, with that, you can clamp your way carefully and
painfully down to the ground.
Do I lose any hit points in the process?
Is it that kind of damage?
No, you lost the one before for slashing your arm up,
but that's it.
But the rest of it, I mean, it's largely cosmetic damage.
Your hand hurts a bit from endorsing a bit of the skin off
your palm and your fingertips, but yeah, that's just uncomfortable.
Oh, you got a bright future ahead of you though.
No fingertips.
You could do some stuff.
Crime.
Crime for sure.
Also in 1937, do they have that kind of forensics?
Google it.
Oh yeah.
Google it.
Yeah, fingerprint technology came in about 1900 and even
from the 1930s, they could do latent fingerprints off fabrics
and stuff like that.
I'm just saying this because I researched it for a different project.
No, that's awesome.
No, that's really cool.
It's nice to have someone knowledgeable on the podcast.
I guarantee I've Googled this before and then learned it and
then immediately forgot the information.
So that's not learning, is it?
I'll forget in a week's time, but I was just recording something
else two days back that required that knowledge, so nice.
So let's cut back to the inside of the manor where Mr.
Ring had been given a new mission in life.
It's going to change the world, you know?
While you're wandering around the crowd and I mean,
most of the people that you're telling that to are telling
the same G5 back.
He's stuck in the loop of the three guys.
Yeah, when we cut back, I'm the fourth in the acapella group.
It's going to change the world, you know?
It's going to change the world, you know?
It's going to change the world, you know?
Wait, I'm sorry.
Can we actually try this?
This is bullshit.
When he and my baby see more dense inventions.
This is dumb.
We can do this.
Yeah, we can do it.
No, we can't.
It's going to change the world.
It's going to change the world.
It's going to change the world.
It's going to change the world, you know?
Bubble, bubble down.
Well, you have your new theme song.
OK, that was good.
I just love to think that the swing band up on stage
is so taken with your number that they're actually joining in.
Yes.
They're waving us up.
God.
So are there people that I see who are not
under the same thrall that I'm under?
I mean, it's difficult to tell.
I mean, you're sort of sounding people out.
Totally.
It's through your call and response method.
But while you're doing this, Margaret Payne grabs your arm.
Money.
Oh, hi.
I'm sorry.
I don't know who else to ask,
but I'm getting more and more worried about Cicero.
How's he going to be able to change the world
with his invention?
And it is going to change the world, you know.
Oh, of course.
It's going to change the world, you know.
But how's he going to be able to change the world
with his invention if he isn't actually here?
Where is he?
I'm getting worried.
I mean, what, two hours into the party now?
He puts his hands on either side of her shoulders
and says, we must go find him.
We must.
We must.
We must.
Let's.
And she grabs you by the hand
and leads you out to the ballroom.
Perfect.
Quick question.
Like the people in the house,
are there like windows that they would be seeing,
like the fire?
Yeah.
And I mean, maybe, maybe if they weren't,
you know, so distracted by the party
and if it weren't so difficult to see it through
the really thick snowstorm that's going on outside,
they might've noticed.
But as it is at the moment, no.
As she's whisking him away, he's like,
I just lost my best friend, you know,
so it's nice to have someone new so quickly.
Oh, you poor thing, she says.
Puts a protective arm around your shoulder.
He nuzzles.
Unbeknownst to Elden Ring,
as Checkers is going down the ladder,
he's thinking, we could pivot, we could pivot.
You're thinking jet packs now.
No, he's thinking, he's like,
the cult can just be whatever his invention is.
Oh, nice.
Like, I don't care.
I don't believe in the bullshit I'm peddling.
Because today's going to change the world, you know.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh shit, he got Scott.
So, she says, I've had a look around downstairs,
and I haven't managed to find him yet.
I was going to check upstairs,
but I just, I wanted some company because, well.
I fear nothing in the physical realm.
Good, because, this is going to sound very strange,
but I saw one of the maids upstairs,
just in the glooms, I was heading upstairs,
and there was something very wrong with her.
Wrong how?
The way she was walking, she was hunched over,
and, oh, this is going to sound mad.
You can tell me, Margaret Payne.
It looked like she had too many legs.
I'm sorry, what did you just say, Margaret Payne?
She had too many legs.
She had two legs?
That's completely normal.
Too many legs.
Oh, too many, that is.
Oh, how, oh.
Yeah, that's a spooky name.
And he starts picturing a maid with multiple legs.
I think you triggered something in me.
Yeah, there's a lot of that online.
I'm thinking like the lusty Argonian maid.
I don't know what that is.
Do you have a book in Skyrim?
Okay, well, that's okay.
Sometimes we see things that don't look right,
and our brain rationalizes them
so that we can understand the physical realm
as it is in the spiritual.
You'll be okay.
Yes, of course, as you say, as you say.
And if this leggy maid gets anywhere near us,
I'll call into her brain to ward her away.
Yes, you do that, she says,
and pats you on the back of the hand.
And he kind of like, he does the thing where his fingers,
where he's got two fingers up on either hand,
and he's like putting them to his temples.
And he's going like, wee-oo, wee-oo, wee-oo, wee-oo, wee-oo.
Yeah, the two of you head up the stairs,
Margaret taking the lead, and the hallway up above,
I mean, there's a landing, first of all,
but there's a hallway that runs along for the landing
that goes down the main wing of the house.
Be careful, Margaret Payne.
I will go ahead and make sure the coast is clear.
Yes, yes, I'll be right behind you.
You can hold on to my shirt.
That's very generous of you, she says.
And he'll continue down the hall,
slow enough so that she doesn't fall behind,
you know, with the shirt holding.
It's the 30s, so people have fewer but nicer shirts.
So it is.
So you see, down the end of the corridor,
there's a set of double doors that look like they're
probably to the master bedroom,
and one of them is slightly ajar,
and you can see there's some light coming out of that.
You could give me a listen roll as well, if you want.
I'd love that.
I rolled a 73 over 50,
and I would not like to spend the luck,
but I would like to get on my hands and knees
and crawl at a brisk pace to try to get closer,
undetected, to listen better.
Okay, yeah, if you want to push the roll.
I would like to do that.
I think there's a good chance you might get caught
in the act then, because that looks a bit suspicious.
Oh, 25 on a 50. Hard success.
Okay.
Nice.
Then, yeah, you get down on your hands and knees,
and Margaret looks a bit confused by this
and then gets down on her hands and knees as well.
You form your little quadrupedal conga line down the corridor.
As you're passing by one of the doors,
you can hear what sounds like howling wind
from the other side of the door.
I mean, you've obviously heard some of the windows rattling
and there's the sound of wind outside,
but it sounds like maybe there's a window open in this room
and the wind's got in, the door itself is shaking.
Margaret Payne, the window in this room is open.
Well, that's unfortunate.
Shall we peek in together,
or would you like to continue to stay behind me?
I suppose we could.
I mean, that's Cicero's room up ahead, she says.
Do you think it's important that the window's open?
I don't know, Scott, is it?
Fucking DMs, man.
I turn back and I say,
well, he might not be in his room,
and if the window is open here,
it might lead us to learn more,
to be able to help him or find him,
so I think we should open up the door.
I think the brain of the house is behind the double doors.
And it's the bug brain from Starship Troopers,
and Neil Patrick Harris touches it and says,
it's afraid.
I'm doing my part.
That's also from that movie.
I haven't seen it.
So yeah, we're going to creep into the door.
I know, I haven't seen it.
Oh, you're going to love it.
You're going to creep into the room
while you heard the wind.
Yeah, still on hands and knees.
Nice.
Okay, so yeah, you open up the door
and there is a bit of resistance.
And yeah, as you push it open,
you realize, yeah, it is because there's wind
blowing in from outside.
There's also snow on the ground.
With the window open, snow has been coming in,
and there's a fair bit of it.
This looks like it's probably a guest bedroom.
It's made up as such.
I mean, it's certainly a bedroom
and there are sheets on the bed.
Everything's dark, however,
and you can only make out vague shapes of furniture
and the snow on the ground.
Don't worry about me, Margaret Payne.
My warmth is on the inside.
Good, she says.
It doesn't seem like anyone is in here,
so he's just going to kind of get up and pop around.
It's difficult to tell because it is dark.
Gotcha.
So he's going to whisper into the darkness,
is anyone cold?
And Margaret from behind, he says,
I'm a bit chilly.
Okay, forget my ignorance,
but in 1937, would you be able to just turn the lights on?
Yes.
Okay, that helps me going into more of this.
If no one responds to my query other than Margaret Payne,
Elden Ring stands up.
All right, well, if anyone is cold in here
and needs help, maybe closing the windows,
that would be good, but if not, I mean, Cicero,
if you're, okay, we're just going to,
bye, bye, I'm talking to no one.
He's, Margaret Payne, I'm speaking to no one,
and he heads back out into the hallway.
I mean, the only thing is,
you could give me a spot hidden role
to see whether you notice anything in the gloom.
Fail, 37 on a 25.
Cicero successfully hides in the corner.
I will use my 12 luck to make that a success.
As your eyes adjust to the gloom,
you can see that over by the window,
one of the things that you thought was snow
that had blown in, a mound of snow on the ground.
It's the cocaine that I've been looking for.
That's, yeah, that's not snow.
That is someone lying there very still.
Oh, whoops, I did not see you.
Are you cold?
You've got like a Mitch Hedberg.
I did not see you.
I am so sorry, I did not see you.
They don't move or they don't react.
Huh, all right.
Escalators cannot be broken.
And he's gonna, he's just gonna stare.
Temporarily?
At the body for a little bit.
Temporarily.
Sorry for the convenience, podcast listeners.
Margaret Payne, I'm going to approach this body.
Do you know anything about the first aid skills?
Not really.
Well, maybe if you didn't spend all of your money
paying other people to be good at helping others,
then you would know how to help someone yourself.
And he moves on to the body.
Very judgmental, she says.
You cut her pretty deep on that one.
Scott, weren't you the one talking about her lazy eye?
He's judgmental now.
That's a physical description.
He didn't apply any emotions to the eye.
Yeah, but he dragged her ass.
Thanks for coming back on the podcast, Scott.
Yeah, any time, I guess.
Any time, I guess.
So what's up with this body? I'm gonna poke it.
Okay, yeah, you creep forward.
In the gloom, you can make out that it does seem to be
the body of a young woman.
She just seems to be in her undergarments
lying there in the snow,
and you can see that there's blood
soaked into the snow around her head.
You should look her to see if she's cold.
I think that she's just crying.
Oh, my God.
This dead girl tastes cold.
To solve this mystery, I'm gonna need two things.
A hammer and a whole army.
So I'm not gonna lick the body.
I'm going to grab some cloth drapes
if I see anything around to just throw over the body immediately.
Yeah, I mean, there's bed linens
that you can easily grab and throw on her.
Margaret Payne, could you please close the window
while I connect with this lady intellectually?
Is that young woman dead?
Yeah, I think so. There's only one way to find out.
So I'm gonna...
Psychic attack! Psychic attack!
You took the words right out of my mouth.
Dude, if she's dead, you're gonna kick her ass.
I don't know how the psychic attack works,
but maybe you'll die.
You finally met someone you can beat.
God damn it, I thought you were supposed to feel cool
in Pulp Cathedral.
You're a loser.
Your character is the vessel through which this story
gets to feel very cool, but yeah,
you are whatever dark force is working through this home,
absolute bitch.
Yep, just gonna psychic attack this probably dead body
to see if she's still alive,
because I don't know anything about first aid.
Yeah, well, actually roll,
just in case you rolled a double zero.
I did not, I rolled a 42, thankfully.
Okay, yeah, she's dead.
There's nothing there to probe.
You just see a blue error screen.
Yeah, 404.
Margaret Payne.
Margaret Payne, there's nothing for us in this room.
But that young woman's dead.
Oh my god.
Now we really need to find Mordaunt.
Yeah, there's a murderer.
Maybe Cicero's in danger as well.
Oh my goodness.
We need to find Mordaunt now more than ever.
Let's go.
Yes, yes, and she scurries out of the room.
Do you think we should alert someone about the dead girl?
Only when we found Cicero Mordaunt.
That is our first priority.
Why was she in her undergarments?
Hopefully because she was warm.
Well, when you get hypothermia,
sometimes they find people have taken their clothes off.
Well, Margaret Payne,
sometimes when people are dying of hypothermia,
like she did in the cold,
they have a strange reaction that makes them take off their clothes.
It's science.
I'm not sure it's real.
Does hypothermia make you bleed from head wounds?
In rare occasions.
Such as this one.
If you die of hypothermia and fall and hit your head.
Oh, that's clearly what happened.
You should just go back to the party.
Sherlock Holmes says,
whatever isn't true is.
So, I think we're on the right path here.
Yes, I hope Cicero is alright.
His invention is going to change the world, you know.
I know, it's going to change the world, you know.
And they're just crying as they walk down the hall toward Mordhaupt's bedroom.
Holding each other.
You want to get on all fours again?
We can crawl if you want to.
We can leave that old corpse behind.
Because if the old corpse isn't necessary to the mission,
then it's no friend of mine.
Okay, so you crawl your way down the corridor towards Mordhaupt's room.
And, yeah, as I said, the door is slightly ajar.
You can see inside, obviously, the lights are on,
because that's where the lights are coming from.
Yeah, I doubt you've seen Mordhaupt's bedroom before,
but it's as tastelessly furnished as everything else.
It's got garish wallpaper,
a big four-poster bed with colorful drapes hanging from it.
And one of his inventions was to make the bed, like, rotate.
No, he's the first person to hang a mirror above the bed.
To do coke off of.
The rotisserie bed.
But it just fell off because of these shitty dimensions.
Well, he hasn't invented the anti-gravity coke mirror machine.
No one has.
It's a shame. It's our last great frontier.
But one thing you can see is over behind the bed, just poking out from it,
you can see a pair of men's feet wearing socks,
just sticking out as if someone's lying on the ground just behind the bed.
Hey, Mr. Mordaunt. Mr. Cicero Mordaunt.
Party time's gotta go smooth, right?
That's what's most important to religion, man.
So let's carry on and talk to you now.
You just hear a weak groan from the other side of the bed.
Help me.
Oh, time for those first aid skills, Margaret.
Margaret's on her feet and she scurries around the bed.
Are you following her?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
As you go around, you can see that there is something else unusual in the room as well,
in that there's a big sort of freestanding wardrobe up against one wall.
And the doors are open, but you can see that there's light coming out of it.
And from somewhere apparently deep within it, you can hear what sounds like an electrical buzzing.
Wow, what a fascinating wardrobe.
Is Mordaunt okay, he says, as he's just staring into the light?
As you go around, you can see that Cicero is lying there in this long shag pile carpet.
He's wearing a silk dressing gown, garishly patterned.
He looks pale.
He's sweating profusely and his eyes, they've got deep rings under them and they seem quite sunken.
His hair is matted with sweat and they're lying just a couple of feet away from him.
You can see that there's a bottle that has got some kind of yellowish liquid in it.
And next to it, there's a fairly large hypodermic needle,
a glass hypodermic needle that's half full of the same liquid that's just lying on the ground.
And you can see his trembling fingers, they're reaching out towards the syringe.
Oh, wow. Hi.
Help me. Help me.
Mr. Cicero Mordaunt, it looks like you pre-gamed a little bit too hard for your party.
Need medicine.
Oh, yes, of course.
And I'll jam that fucker full of whatever's in this syringe.
Okay. Yeah. I mean, as you grab it and look for somewhere to inject him,
you can see that there are track marks and weeping wounds,
infected pus-filled wounds all down both of his arms.
Gross. Cauterize it.
But, I mean, it probably doesn't take you long to find a vein to stick this in.
All right. On the count of three, think about your favorite Bible verse, Mr. Mordaunt.
To overcome the spider's curse, simply quote a Bible verse.
What's your middle name? What's your favorite color?
And then he sticks them.
Almost immediately you can see he shudders and convulses a bit.
And then there's a deep sigh. Oh, that's much better.
Mr. Cicero Mordaunt, you have a lovely home here.
Thank you so much for inviting me to your party.
Yes, yes, of course, of course.
I have no idea who you are, but I can't have you thrown out yet.
Well, of course, because I'm here because your invention is going to change the world, you know.
It's what?
Your invention. It's going to change the world, you know.
I suppose it is, yes. I wouldn't have put it quite like that, but yes.
What is it, by the way?
Well, I'll show you when I unveil it all downstairs.
I should have been downstairs a long time ago.
Oh, Margaret, Margaret!
He pushes himself up, grabbing hold of the side of the bed, and says,
Oh, Margaret, it's good to see you. I wish it were under better circumstances.
From the open wardrobe, you can hear that buzzing sound again.
It sounds like it might be electrical sparking. It might not be.
There's something about that sound that you can hear that, yeah, that's not electrical.
It sounds maybe like a beehive.
Cicero's just shaking. You can see his eyes are looking a bit clearer, though, and he's standing up unsteadily.
There's a big vein down his forehead that is just pulsing violently.
Should have stuck him there.
Yeah, I think I found a better vein.
Well, no, I'll let you two talk. You can catch up.
Yes, yes. Well, I need to get ready. I need to get my invention ready.
But he looks over at Mr. Ring.
Friend, you cannot tell anyone of what you've seen here. You do understand that...
I promise not to tell anyone if you tell me what was in that syringe that I plunged you full of.
It is a special serum I use to enhance my mental faculties. It gives me...
Mordaunt's special sauce.
Yes, I suppose he could call it that, if you were an idiot.
Psychic attack! Psychic attack! Psychic attack!
Are you psychic attacking me?
Fuck yeah! Fuck this dude!
Everything's gotta go off without a hitch.
Including Mordaunt himself!
In which case, yeah, give me a roll.
41 on a 90, hard.
Oh yeah, he actually failed.
Fuck you!
So, I mean, you get that sort of simultaneous feeling of looking at him, but also looking inside him, and you're reaching deep inside him.
And yeah, there's none of this kind of protection or darkness or anything that you've seen in other people there.
I mean, this is just an unprotected human psyche for you to do with as you will.
He really digs his claws into this mind space and just tries to plant exactly what the religion man planted in his mind.
He's just trying to be a vessel to pass on.
He's not even trying to do it himself, he's trying to open up himself to Margaret.
He's gonna use Margaret as a conduit to get to the thing on the other side so that it can push through him into Mordaunt.
Oh, okay. Well, I mean, you're trying to do this, you're trying to make the connection to Margaret.
But Margaret, the conscious part of your mind, you can hear that she actually sounds quite alarmed and frightened.
I mean, you can hear her going,
Cicero, are you alright? You're frightening me, Cicero, you're frightening me.
At the same time, you can hear Cicero's voice saying,
Yes, yes, I understand. Yes, it is going to change the world.
It's going to change. Yes, yes, it's going to change the world.
I must do as you will. I must do.
And then there is this noise, a loud banging sound, a loud wet sound.
And from the distant place you are within your own psyche, you can suddenly feel something warm and wet.
Splashing all over you.
Did I just pee?
Almost immediately, you're broken out of the connection you had, and you can see Cicero standing there,
just wavering backwards and forwards. The top of his head is largely missing.
There's fragments of blood splattered all over the place.
His mouth is just gawping open.
And then he falls heavily down on the ground.
Margaret Payne turns running, crying out.
And from the open wardrobe, you can just hear this buzzing voice, screaming angrily,
Release me!
Let's cut over to...
Oh my gosh.
Holy shit.
Wow.
I didn't know a body could be hollow before its blood ran cold.
I didn't know that the wind could sew the tissue and faggot bone.
You were hollow when you spoke to me.
Hollow when you sang.
I thought you might be starving, so I gave you everything.
Thorns and rocks and devils glow, brides and dried red clay.
Crocus blossoms in February and I live in May.
Time between a mother's fingers and spit off of a bridge.
Restless legs at 3pm while waiting for a fix.
I thought you might be starving, so I gave you everything.
I thought you might be starving, so I gave you everything.
So come back here and see what's left of me.
Is this the wholesome girl you left in Missouri?
My voice is nothing now but the howl of the wind.
Come closer dear in my teeth, thread her in my jaw.
Come closer dear in my teeth, thread her in my jaw.
