Well, here we are once again, folks.
For the first time.
Again, it's your favorite radio DJ
from inner and outer space, Wolf the Dog.
And where and when the fuck am I?
Hold on.
It smells like East Coast.
Let me check my local dimension time.
It's 1937 and New Year's Eve.
It's as if I have no control over what happens to me.
Like someone is forcing me to play into the sick fantasy
that's broadcast to all the world.
But yeah, I guess we got a new Howlin' with Wolf or whatever.
If these are even real.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Jeff in Seattle,
who tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending part.
A simple and worthwhile use of any person's time.
Jeff in Seattle writes,
a shout out to my wonderful and adorable little brother,
Chalky Boberson.
May your D100s roll low and your D20s roll high.
And a warning to Matias Black.
Temporal manipulation never ends well.
Don't gaze into dimensions that are not your own
unless you want eyes looking back.
Well, Jeff in Seattle, I have to say that temporal
whatever you said seems pretty cool to me.
Sometimes you gotta gaze into another dimension
as a little treat.
And sometimes you have to consume another dimension
as a big ol' meal.
If you wanna write up something for your Wolfie to how,
tag at pretending part on the internet
or write up a five star review on Apple podcasts.
If you holler and let us know,
you're sure to get the message that's deep in your soul
to come out of this dirty old mouth hole.
And if you're interested in doling out some dough
to keep this show afloat,
head on over to patreon.com slash pretending pod
for 29 bonus episodes.
From Call of Cthulhu's classic scenario, The Haunting,
to silly one page RPG sessions
from our first season session zero
to a currently 13 episode long mostly homebrew
Delta Green campaign called The Creature Crew.
All the links are in the show notes.
Sound the alarm, but don't hit the snooze.
Like a beast mode stiff arm, I'm quaking for the news.
The first season of pretending to be people
was a well-loved affair.
So much so that it reached one million downloads.
Thank you to everyone who contributed
to this chunky number being so unbelievably large.
Also, this episode right here kicks off
the five episode guest run featuring Scott Dorward
running a pulp Cthulhu scenario he wrote,
which is called A New Age of Wonders.
And call me Mrs. Liam Neeson
if I am mistaken, but a new story deserves a new theme song
and A New Age of Wonders deserves something
full of pain and sorrow.
It's Isabelle Crane with Hollow.
I didn't know a body could be hollow
before its blood ran cold.
I didn't know that the wind could sew
through tissue and faggot bones.
You were hollow when you spoke to me.
Hollow when you said you were hollow.
I thought you might be starving,
so I gave you everything.
Oh, actually I'm peaking a bit.
Let me just drop my gain.
Drop your gain to the floor, drop your gain to the floor.
If your name is Scott Dorward, drop your gain to the floor.
Nice.
I've never had a hype man before.
How'd you feel?
I feel warm inside.
I feel special.
Welcome everyone to Pretending to Be People.
We are here with a special guest today
who is not only one of the good friends of Jackson Elias,
not only the man at the helm of multiple games
throughout the internet,
but currently including running
the Pulp Cthulhu campaign two-headed serpent
for the podcast How We Roll,
and just the all around incredible writer,
tabletop master, wizard extraordinaire on the internet.
Man with the golden voice.
And the guy who I kind of wish was my grandpa,
but haven't told him that to his face,
it's Scott Dorward!
Thank you very much.
I'm never going to live up to that now.
You know that.
Well, Scott, you've already lived up to it
because we had you on a while ago.
Was it last year?
Oh, maybe even longer than that.
It was over a year ago at this point.
Wow.
Was it really?
It was at the end of 2020, I think.
Oh my God.
And you ran Bleak Prospect for us,
which is a Call of Cthulhu scenario
that was written by a very talented writer
for Call of Cthulhu.
Who was that?
Who was that?
Oh, I forget.
They're all the same, really.
Well, you silly goose, it was written by you.
Okay.
I don't know why I've been so weird.
Are you okay, man?
It was, you wrote it.
I wrote it a long time ago.
I can't remember doing that.
It might as well have been someone else.
I've written so many things over the years.
And honestly, it was one of my favorite
role-playing experiences of my life.
It's still some of the stuff I go back
and listen to repeatedly just to hear it all again.
I'll keep that in mind when I'm getting excited
about the numbers, that it's just Joe.
Yeah.
So if you're listening to this
and you haven't listened to that,
Scott does an incredible job running Bleak Prospect
for the four of us.
And that was actually, that was a really wild time
because Scott is in Europe and we are in North America,
but at the time I was in Asia,
so we were recording across three continents.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was like five minutes a day
when we were all in sync, wasn't it?
It really was.
It took a long time to get on the same schedule.
We really are a global podcast.
Yeah, well, we're the international role-playing podcast.
That's what everyone knows that.
The Springfield, Missouri podcast is the international.
We have a pretty big blip on the map of listeners
in like South America.
So recording in Asia, North America and Europe,
having people in South America listen to it.
We just got to get some of those researchers.
Exactly, we got to get hit Antarctica.
But today we're not playing Call of Cthulhu
and today we are not playing Delta Green.
And today we are playing.
D&D first edition.
Firewall.
That was fun when Dungeons and Daddies did it.
Oh, that was tight.
But we're not doing that and we probably never will.
Sorry, I haven't been talking much.
I've just been trying to pretend
like I wasn't working on my character sheet.
Which is a different character sheet
than we are used to using.
I believe it's the first time
that I personally have filled out a PC character sheet
for Pulp Cthulhu.
Pulp Cthulhu.
Pulp Cthulhu.
I've done a couple, mostly with you, Zach.
You ran us through some back in the day.
I've run it, I've never gotten to play it.
I'm super fucking excited.
I was able to run Waiting for the Hurricane
from the back of the book,
which was written by another good friend
of Jackson Elias, Matt Sanderson.
Yes.
Is that right?
He did.
And of course we are wishing a speedy recovery to Matt.
Yeah, thanks.
It's been a scary month with Matt,
but happily he's back home and on the road to recovery now.
That's fantastic news, yeah.
How's your, the last time we recorded
you had like a tooth issue.
Oh fuck, yeah.
I ended up in hospital with that.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Yeah, I ended up having to have emergency surgery
in part of my jaw removed.
Oh man.
Yikes.
Yeah, I can't say I recommend it.
No.
Has it been a relatively smooth sailing
after the surgery and stuff though?
Yeah, I mean, the shape of my mouth still feels wrong,
but apart from that, yes.
Yeah.
Oh, interesting.
Did they let you keep the part that they pulled?
I stupidly didn't think to ask because otherwise, yeah,
I absolutely would have kept it in a jar at my desk.
Scott, let's dive in.
Let's do it.
Okay.
So this scenario is called A New Age of Wonders
and it's published in issue three of the Blasphemous Tome,
which is the fanzine that we do for the Patreon backers
of the Good Friends of Jackson Elias.
Which you should all become because I personally
am a patron of the Good Friends of Jackson Elias
and the rewards that I reap are worth every fucking penny.
Well, thank you, Zach.
Yeah, I'll slip the check in the mail.
Eight bucks.
Every eight dollars counts.
Oh God, eight dollars is big money in the RPG field.
So this scenario takes place in 1937,
particularly New Year's Eve, 1937.
The player characters have all been invited,
or at least they have managed to get themselves
on the invitation list too,
what promises to be the New Year's Eve party of the year.
Or at least that's the way that the host has pitched it.
The host is a man called Cicero Mordant.
He comes from a moneyed background
and his family is incredibly wealthy,
but he himself has gone off
in a somewhat different direction.
He is an inventor, or at least a would be inventor.
I mean, those of you who've kept up with his career
know that he's enthusiastic,
he's good at self-promotion, perhaps,
and he certainly has the money
to bring his inventions to the market.
But really, fundamentally, he's a bit shit.
I mean, some of the inventions
that he's put out over the years
are things like this self-playing violin,
which promises to bring chamber music to every household,
but it really just plays the same four bars
over and over again,
and goes out of tune in about five minutes.
There was the electric hairnet,
which promised to revolutionize home hairstyling.
And there've been a number of unfortunate fires
and the lawsuits are still in the courts at the moment.
The less said of his radiant dentifries, the better.
But this time he promises
that he has got a magnificent new invention
that he wants to show off to the world.
And the launch of this invention
is going to be this New Year's party
at his family estate, The Mount, in rural Vermont.
So let's, I'd say, introduce the player characters
at this stage, and then we can just, I think,
get you on the road to The Mount.
So do you want to go round one by one
to say who you're playing,
and I think also why you're going to the party?
My character, oh, give me that voice, baby, is Checkers.
How old is Checkers?
I'm a 19-year-old cult leader.
I'm here, I'm going to the party
to recruit some movie stars
and high profile people for my cult, The Last Branch.
And I'm Elden Ring, and fuck's sake.
It's not my birth name.
Elden Ring is my given name by myself.
My given name for my family
is none of my business, nor anyone else's.
And I'm just very happy to be accompanying
my dear Checkers to this wonderful New Year's Eve party
and just helping him bring people to The Last Branch.
Our goal is to get as many of the rich and powerful
on our side today through the powers of persuasion
and Checkers' deep and utter charisma.
There are things at work in this world,
forces beyond our control,
and we look to control those forces.
With money that we make from the cult.
And Checkers, remember, the forces.
Yeah, they are real.
They certainly are.
Are there really any stronger forces
in the world than money?
True love.
Aww.
That is a question that the Lafayette J. Honeycutt
would like to get to know.
Are there any more forces in the universe
more powerful than love or money?
And he studies that in depth.
He's a scientist.
Does he sound like that when he studies it?
He doesn't.
You'll hear his voice when he speaks.
God damn it, Thomas.
You're such a tease.
Yep.
He's gonna be showing up to this party in disguise.
Why? Dressed as a turtle?
Because he is a professional,
yeah, he's gonna be dressed as a turtle.
No, he's a professional rival of Cicero Mordent,
and he wants to get a look at this invention,
but he was not invited because he's on Mordent's shit list.
Mordent has a very, very long shit list.
And I'm playing Harvey Brewer.
I'm here to make sure nobody gets too close
to Mr. Lafayette J. Honeycutt here.
He hired me.
I'm gonna protect him.
I told you, Harvey, tonight, it's,
it's, oh shit, what was the cover name?
You were gonna go with Harvey Brewer,
but that's my name, so we can't use that one.
That's correct.
Is this your fumbling your disguise role in real life?
More or less.
What is your actual name?
Lafayette J. Honeycutt.
But tonight you are Honeyfette J. Lafayette.
James Dean.
No one famous has been named James Dean in 1937.
I was gonna try to go for a mid-Atlantic,
and I think I'm gonna go too much
into copying your accent, Scott.
Oh, can you please try?
No, I'm not gonna.
Do it.
Do it, Scott, at Scott.
Maybe after a couple sessions.
Sessions.
Session IPA.
Oh, could we go puff some all this?
After this episode.
We gotta get the first episode down.
So, like I say, you have all managed
to somehow get hold of invitations
to this New Year's Eve party,
and you know that there has been transportation played on.
All you have to do is get yourself
to Montpellier in Vermont.
There is a station there.
Scott, sorry to interrupt.
I'm so sorry.
It's Montpelier.
It's Montpelier, yeah.
Montpelier, sorry, I went for the French pronunciation.
We said it with such, like, a plum,
and when I learned how to pronounce it,
it was in Missouri, and we said Montpelier, Vermont.
Well, that is how they say it.
Montpelier, Montpelier.
Montpelier, yeah.
Montpelier, I shall say that again, then.
Montpelier, Montpelier, right.
It sounds like wrong when you say it.
I bet Honeycutt does say Montpelier.
Montpelier, Montpelier.
I've got a beautiful 1932 bottle of Montpelier.
Oh, God.
Right, so yes, you know all you have to do
is get yourself to Montpelier in rural Vermont,
and then there will be transportation at the station
that is laid on for you.
And sure enough, when the train pulls in at the station,
you can see that there are any number
of well-dressed people
who are obviously dressed up for this party.
Men in full evening dress with heavy overcoats on,
women in gowns, again, with furs over them
to keep themselves warm, because it is cold.
It's been snowing fairly heavily.
There's storm clouds up in the sky,
and you can see that the snow is falling already.
But you can also see that outside the station,
there are a number of vehicles lined up
with uniformed chauffeurs who are there,
a few of them holding up signs
announcing that they're to take people to the mount.
And after the usual moment's hesitation,
people start flocking towards those vehicles.
Shall we say, I mean, if you're happy with this,
shall we say that the group of the four of you
end up sharing the same car together?
Because, you know, each car happily seats
four passengers in the back.
And there are enough people,
guests who have arrived to the party,
that they're pretty much filling up all the cars.
One of the chauffeurs ushers the four of you
into the back of one of these
really quite fancy-looking limousines.
Gentlemen, you are going to the mount, right?
Yes, is this the correct way to go?
Yes, yes, yes.
Mr. Mordant has arranged for transportation
for all his guests, please, please.
How are you guys dressed?
Harvey Brewer is a giant hulk of a man.
He's like 6'8 and like 300 pounds, but it's like muscle.
He's a big, strong, strong dude.
And so he's wearing a tuxedo,
but it's a little tight in all the right places.
It's a little bit stretched almost,
but he's pulling it off pretty okay.
I imagine the suspension on the car
just creaks as you get in.
Yeah, exactly.
Checkers is wearing like a cashmere three-piece suit.
He's got like a full beard.
Definitely trying to look older than he is,
but he's dressed very fancifully.
And Elden Ring is just wearing a very simple
black pair of trousers and a white cotton shirt
that is buttoned down, buttoned all the way to the top.
And it has like a granddad collar,
like an old school non-collar.
Is that all you're wearing even in New Year's Eve in Vermont?
Yes, and if anyone, if like the coach driver or whatever,
like asks if I'm cold or need a fur or whatever, you know,
he just kind of says like,
no, the warmth is within me.
Nice.
I guess we'll find out how long that's going to last.
So Lafayette is wearing a tuxedo
that is as tailored as Harvey's is not.
He, I mean, he looks fantastic.
He looks like a 30s or 40s movie star
and he's got this perfect like pencil thin mustache
and a really dashing long tail coat, not a tail coat,
but a long coat, it's winter in Vermont
as Scott just tipped us off to.
Quickly improvise a coat,
which is the art of what we do here.
He's carrying a very, very bulky briefcase.
It's almost like a suitcase.
It's way too large to be bringing
to a New Year's Eve party,
but he's got it tucked tightly under his arm
and he's kind of looking suspiciously
at the two people we've been paired up with.
And he's like, Harvey, I don't like the look of these chaps.
Upon hearing that Harvey is going to just mean mug
these other two guys in the car with us.
Yeah, I look at, you forgot my name?
Elden Ring, yeah.
I think we're all trying to forget your name, yeah.
Checkers looks at Elden.
Did he really just say that out loud?
Looking-
I said it so you couldn't hear.
We're all in a car together.
You have to get in a car.
Thomas, I can hear you.
I'm sitting right here.
You've got headphones on.
I have headphones on.
These guys look nice.
Do you think they'd be interested in our pitch?
Yeah, I don't understand why anyone wouldn't be.
As he's slowly just parting his super long black hair
that is now like completely covering his face,
he goes in with both hands
and kind of makes a window for his eyes in between
with a full middle part of this super long hair
and just lets off the most unattractive smile
at these two gentlemen.
I'm imagining like the girl from the ring.
Yeah.
I'm imagining cousin Elden Ring.
Elden Ring from the Addams family.
Yeah, there you go.
Lafayette is like sitting across from Elden
and he's got his like very long, like elegant legs,
like one folded over the other
and you can see his foot is tapping
just very, very anxiously and annoyedly,
sort of half glaring, half just studying this creature
that just sat down in front of him
and parted its weird, greasy hair.
Maybe ask him what his name is, Checkers.
You're supposed to be our charisma person.
Yeah, sorry.
It's early in the morning here.
Yeah, let's start that again.
Hello, Checkers, this is Elden, gentlemen.
It's nice to meet you.
Have you two heard the kind and good news of Checkers?
Yes, I think I have heard of what you lot get up to.
I pull like a little pamphlet out of my coat
and hand it over to Harley.
I don't like your presence in my town.
Well, this is not starting on a good foot.
None savory element.
Well, maybe we'll just leave each other
to what we like to do and we won't discuss this in the car.
As a man of science, yes, I'd prefer
if we left your hokum here at the station.
Checkers takes no offense to that
because he does not believe in what he's selling at all.
So he's just kind of like, fair enough.
And this is why your cult only has two people in it.
I'm just so sorry to say that I don't think
I can leave it there.
The world is bigger than your mind can comprehend, sir.
Hey.
He gets a kind of ride.
Hey, shut up.
He said he didn't want to hear about it.
Now Harvey, now Harvey.
He's beginning to speak on things of which he doesn't know.
Yes, it is quite a big world.
Elden, did you say your name was?
Yeah, sir Elden Ring, I gave my name to myself.
I explore some of those mysteries myself
in ways I don't think either of you two would comprehend.
What is it that you do, sir?
All manner of things.
Oh, right.
Nothing, I'm a lazy socialite dilettante.
Where is this accent going?
I like it, I like it, it feels right.
It feels right.
If that's the case, then you really should read this.
And I offer the pamphlet for my cult again.
Right.
He's suddenly like got a panic look and he's like,
okay, yes, that is what I would do
because I am a lazy gadabout.
Right, you're exactly what we're looking for.
Right.
Are you rich?
Yeah, yeah.
Good, okay.
It's a small fee to join,
but we'll talk about it when we get to the point.
The money is of no consequence
when you're dealing in eternity.
Give me your literature.
He hands it over to him.
He like reaches out with a handkerchief and grabs it.
It's like a handwritten like pamphlet.
What is this stain on?
What is this stain?
Thank you.
Just read the pamphlet and you'll understand.
It's magic.
Lafayette leans over like,
boy, that was a close one, Harvey.
We're to, you know, one up old Mordent
and unveil my invention and he pats the big box.
Nice.
Upstage him tonight.
We can't reveal my identity.
Did you, we're saying this to each other in confidence.
Did you come up with a cover name yet?
Oh God, I can't think of any name.
Like when Billy actor's like,
Billy actor's like, name a woman.
Just like, Janine Garofalo.
I also like to think that
while you're having this conversation,
supposedly in private, I mean, it's a small cab
and I'd like to think the other two can just overhear
every single fucking thing you're saying.
So do you guys know Mr. Mordaunt?
No, I'm lazy socialite, David Ellington.
And I've never met Mr. Mordaunt.
How'd you get invited?
I'm a prominent socialite.
And I'm his friend.
Fair enough.
This is my man.
Yes.
David and Harvey.
Goliath.
You said David and Goliath.
Easy, you know what, that's really easy to remember.
While you're having this conversation,
the car is passing, first of all, through the town itself,
which doesn't take very long.
It's not a big town.
And then heads off into, first of all, some country roads.
You're moving through some fairly light woodland
and then slightly thicker forest.
And you can see that you're moving towards
one of the big peaks around here.
Those of you who know the area
or who've looked at a map beforehand
might realize that it's Mount Ellen.
And you do seem to be moving towards the base of it.
And at some point you move off onto a private road,
which is much, much smaller.
And the driver's having to slow down a fair bit
at this stage because the snow's getting quite heavy.
Not heavy enough that he's losing control of the vehicle,
but visibility's suffering a little bit.
But more importantly, he's obviously fighting a bit
with traction on the road.
But as you get closer, you can start to see...
Well, first of all, have any of you been to the mount before
or is this your first visit?
For checkers, it's definitely the first visit.
Same.
I think it'd be Harvey's first visit for sure.
Yeah, probably before Harvey started working for Lafayette.
Lafayette had been and was kicked out.
Oh yeah.
Of course.
Yeah.
After he saw the debut of the self-playing violin
at New Year's Eve, like 1933.
Wait, did you unleash one of your own concepts
that same night?
I did.
And what was that?
What kind of jacket are you wearing?
He just picked up a violin and started playing it
and that was his invention.
That would be exactly, yeah.
What was that when you debuted the self-throwing tomato?
No, I just fucked Borden's wife that night.
He does not like me.
When you were kicked out, you're like,
you should invent a self-fucking you.
My God.
So that's what you've been working on ever since?
That's what he's got in the suitcase.
You don't know what he's been working on
and then he packed the box again.
I'm now horrified to find out what's in that suitcase.
What's in the box is super rad.
What's in the suitcase is going to carry
a D6, D20 sand loss, I think.
Yeah, for Morden, when he sees how fucking cool it is.
What do you got in there?
Yeah, that's a big box.
Party supplies.
Yeah, party supplies.
What kind of party supplies?
The kind that supply a party.
That's what the rich do.
Glassware?
Probably silverware.
You brought your own goblet?
There's some silver in it, yes.
I hope we're almost there.
You are almost there.
You've come over the ridge of a hill
and onto a little plateau towards the base of the mountain.
And yeah, there is the two-story colonial revival
style mansion that is the mount
with all its outbuildings around here.
Before you get to it, though,
you do pass by an odd-looking structure,
which Nathaiad doesn't recognize
as having been here the last time
that you visited the mount.
And it looks fairly incongruous.
It's just built on the edge of the property.
It looks initially like, you know,
maybe the kind of lookout tower
that you might get in the forest.
Like on the forest moon of Indor?
Yeah, like that maybe.
Sorry, am I lagging again?
It lagged pretty hard.
We missed a little bit of the description of the tower.
Sorry, I'll back up a bit then.
So you notice this weird structure
on the edge of the property that looks a bit like a tower,
maybe a lookout tower that, you know,
firefighters might use in a forest
or forest rangers, rather.
Like on the forest moon of Indor?
Oh, fuck's sake.
So you can see up atop the tower,
there is what looks like a glass structure.
I mean, I guess anyone who wants,
if you want to give me a spot,
hit and roll just to see what they can make out anymore.
Oh boy.
I passed a 10 on a base 25.
That is a hard success.
Nice.
I failed my roll, an 82 on a 70.
I got a 96.
On a?
On a 40.
So that is actually a fumble.
We'll get to you in a moment.
I love that rule.
So if it's over double your skill, it's a fumble?
If you roll 96 to 100 and your skill's under 50,
then it's a fumble.
If your skill is over 50,
you have to roll a double zero for it to be a fumble.
Okay, sick.
But what did Lafayette get?
87.
Okay, so I assume that's a failure.
Do you have a 90 spot hidden?
This is poor Cthulhu after all.
No, I have a 51.
So yeah, you do notice that there are some things
sticking out of the top as well
that look maybe like radio aerials.
Yeah, I mean, there are all sorts
of spiky protrusions coming out.
Master Checkers, do you see those spiky guys
coming out the top of that lookout tower?
Checkers is like writing another pamphlet real quick
and doesn't even pay attention to your question.
Well, I think then on the fumble,
then that's the point at which the car goes
over a big bump in the road and you just end up scoring
through all the magnificent pros that you've just written.
Oh, man.
Oh, another parchment down for the count, huh?
Yeah, my pencil I was using pokes me in the eye
and I'm like, just completely thrown off.
Are you okay, Master?
Just leave me alone for right now until we get to the party.
He's like trying to be as like gentle and fixie as he can
while still giving personal space to his favorite Checkers.
Well, the car pulls up in the courtyard
outside the main building and you can see
that there were a number of other cars now
that are parked there already.
A few guests have got out and some of them
are just going into the main entrance,
a few are making their way over there.
The house itself is largely lit up at the moment,
there are lights on in most of the rooms,
but the main activity seems to be coming
from a room over on the left-hand side
where you can see that there's a lot of bright light
coming out from the windows, there's the sound
of swing music playing rather loudly in there
and through the windows, you can see activity going on.
The other thing you can see is on the edifice
of the building, just above the window,
the front window of that room
where all the activity is going on,
there is what looks like another huge antenna
just sticking out of the wall
and some fairly thick cables coming down from it.
Checkers, there's another one right there.
He is writing another pamphlet and I'm paying attention.
Checkers, oh, okay, yeah, no, okay.
Antenna, sure, uh-huh.
I'll tell you what, I mean,
as Lafayette is actually a scientist,
what is your scientific specialization?
What scientific skills does Lafayette have?
Engineering is his focus
and mechanical, electrical, and computers.
Yep, then engineering is perfect for this.
If you want to give me an engineering role
to see whether you can make sense of this at all.
Yep, he passes 40 on a 90.
Yeah, you look at this aerial
and I mean, there's something weird about it.
It's not a design you've encountered before.
It doesn't look like an old radio aerial.
There's a bit of a dish behind it
and it looks like, I don't know,
maybe it's designed to focus something,
but yeah, there's something about it
that looks really strange and maybe novel.
Yeah, it's nothing like you've seen before.
He kind of plays with his little pencil-thin mustache
and he's like, what are you scheming at, Moldent?
Right behind you is Elden Ring
and he just like whispers in your ear
and he's like, what do you think it is?
He reflexively like elbows back.
I have a size 40, so I think you like elbow back
and I'm like a foot shorter
than you would have elbowed towards.
Yeah, he's a tall wisp.
I'm like an absolute waif of a man.
The sudden jerking of his elbow
to sneak up on the gentleman sends Harvey
into like protect mode and he grabs you
and just moves you away.
Oh, you can pick me up off the ground, yeah.
And as you do, he's just like,
oh, the strength of physicality is mighty,
but it's nothing compared to the mind.
I just want you to keep your distance
from here on out, you understand?
Hey, don't be touching, don't be touching me,
don't be touching him.
Why are you talking to my man like that?
Because he's touching him.
My man is having a conversation with your man
because your man was touching me.
Conversation doesn't have to involve hands
or picking people up.
Keep your man away from my man.
Deal.
Harvey's still holding Elden up in the air
and Elden's feet are twiddling back and forth
and he is staring directly into Harvey's eyes
and making a choice.
And then his eyes kind of soften.
I don't wanna hurt you.
Harvey laughs as he sets him back down on the ground.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm sure you don't.
I certainly do not.
There's a little bit in Harvey that's like,
what, what, what, what?
So Elden Ring has a 90 in Intimidate.
Also probably people don't talk back to Harvey much at all.
I was gonna say I have an 80.
Just two very strong-willed minds staring at each other.
That's cool.
Elden, do you have our invitations?
He kind of pats at his chest softly and slowly
before grabbing the invitations out of his trouser pocket.
Yeah, I mean, you can scurry in out of the cold.
The snow is getting a bit heavier at this stage.
You can see that the chauffeurs, having dropped people off,
are running over to one of the outbuildings
where it looks like they've got their own party in progress,
just on the other side of the courtyard.
But the main doors of the manor house are open
and there's a maid there.
Oh, in fact, there are a few maids there
who seem to be ushering guests in in shifts
and taking their coats.
And yeah, there's a uniformed maid who comes up
and looks around at the bunch of you and says,
can I take your coats?
Looks at Elden and blinks.
And on cue, I could pull the drawstring
coming out of his butt.
The warmth is inside me.
Very good, sir.
Checkers hands his coat over
and then grabs a bunch of pamphlets out of the pocket
as he's handing it over, puts them in his pocket.
Elden Ring gets really serious
as Checkers hands over his coat and is like,
do not misplace the master's coat.
Yeah, I just bought it.
It was expensive, so put it in a special place.
The maid now carrying those, the three coats,
is standing there looking at the bunch of you
wishing to get a word in edgeways.
She eventually says, if you make your way
over to the ballroom, and she points out
from under all the coats, a set of double doors
that are open just over on your left.
The hallway that you're in is fairly large.
There's a chandelier overhead
because of course the fuck he is.
And I mean, certainly Lafayette knows
from his previous visits to the mount
that while Mordent has money, money doesn't buy taste
and the furnishings, some of them are quite nice pieces,
but he has no eye for how things go together.
The decor is generally tacky
for people who've got genuine taste.
My God, Harvey, look at that chandelier.
I know, it's gorgeous, isn't it?
Oh, Harvey, he's a simple man.
No, it's quite hideous, actually.
I tell you what, if I ever got this kind of money,
I'd do it up like this.
Look at this, this is the lap of luxury here.
You're a kind man, Harvey.
Thank you for watching after me.
If you think this is luxurious,
you should see our joint.
No, we are not spending time together this evening.
We are moving, why are you still right next to us?
It's a party, it's a party.
Yes, Eldon, so please, please go mingle.
Eldon, the suitcase guy, he's off the list,
but his friend, he seems like somebody we could get.
Spend tonight pestering and harassing my man.
Correct, we will be having pleasant conversation
about the last branch and all the good that we're doing.
You seem like a guy that wants to do big things.
Come now, Harvey, come along, come, Harvey.
Well, we'll have chandeliers like this eventually.
Harvey dutifully just follows Lafayette.
Remember the chandeliers.
Chandeliers.
Eldon, the famous actress that we're looking for,
I know her name, but do you remember it?
I love Test's master.
Yes, her name is Candace Germain.
Correct, let's find her.
And he motions his head forward for some sort of physical.
Before we start splitting, are we in party town now?
Is there?
Are we in party town?
Yes, Harvey, you may have one drink.
So yes, you've come in through this rather grand hallway
and there are corridors branching off
in a few different directions.
You can see that there are other sets of double doors
around here that are obviously going into other rooms
that may be off limits to you.
There's a staircase going up to the upstairs, obviously,
but all the action seems to be in the ballroom.
You're ushered through the double doors there
to this fairly grand looking room.
Doesn't really have much in the way of furniture
in it at the moment because it is a ballroom.
It's got a few side tables set up with snacks and drinks
and there are uniform staff wandering around with trays,
again, with refreshments on them.
There are a few dozen people in attendance.
It's quite a large ballroom and maybe the guest list
is very exclusive or maybe a number of people
just plain haven't turned up.
But I mean, the party is relatively lively,
but it's not exactly jumping, it's not packed.
There is a stage that is set up
over in front of the front window.
And you can see a few things there.
One, the most obvious thing is there is a live band
that is playing there, a live swing band.
And there is just off to the side of the stage as well
and some bulky shapes, boxy shapes
that are covered by sheets or a tarpaulin.
What kind of size is that covered thing?
Fairly large, maybe about the size of a car.
I mean, it probably doesn't take much to work out
that it roughly corresponds to where you saw the cable
come down from the aerial outside.
But yeah, as I said, there are a few dozen people
mingling around, a few of them dancing.
A number of them not dancing, but certainly having drinks
and talking or shouting at each other over the music.
Harvey wants to do his job as a bodyguard to Lafayette.
When we walk in the room, just kind of clock it,
see if there's anything that could maybe
pose a threat to him.
Okay, I'll tell you what, give me a psychology roll
to get a general read of the crowd.
Oh shoot, it's a fail, a 67 on a 50.
Well, I mean, you could either spend 17 points of luck
or if you want, you could find some way of pushing it.
I mean, if you can think of a way of escalating
the situation and potentially putting yourself at risk
while assessing threats, I'd be open to that.
You could probably get a better vantage point
if you're on the chandelier.
Yeah.
Actually, could I maybe go and put myself up on stage
to look down from the stage?
Oh, okay, yeah, I mean, you could try.
Yeah, I mean, there is a little set of wooden stairs
up to the side that you could go on.
Like I say, there is a full swing band up there
who are very much in the midst of a song, but...
Yep, so Harvey's gonna bumble his way up there.
Okay, yeah, I think if you fail the push here,
you'll get to attract all sorts of the wrong attention.
I pass, a 21 on a 50.
Fantastic, so you get a rough read
of the kinds of people who are in the room.
There are a few people who are obviously moneyed.
You can tell from their clothes, from their mannerisms
that, yeah, there are definitely
a few movers and shakers here.
Lafayette has like snuck up behind,
like he followed Harvey very poorly,
kind of like crouched down behind him,
and he's like, tell me what you see.
He pokes out behind him on the stage and he's like,
oh, I see some of my cousins here, this is...
I didn't wanna see.
You can see a few other people
who don't necessarily fit the same mold,
and there's something about the slightly more worn
looking clothing and general introvertedness
that makes you think that they're probably academics.
Then there are a few other people
who just don't seem to fit in.
You do spot, I don't know whether you heard
the others mentioning Candace Germaine earlier,
but I mean, you certainly do spot her in the crowd
and you may have seen some of her films.
She seems to be in deep conversation at the moment
with a fairly good looking man in clerical garb
wearing a black shirt and a dog collar,
who, you know, the two of them
are in very animated conversation.
Do I clock Mordant in the room?
No, looking around, Mordant isn't there.
Okay.
Which may strike you as being a bit odd.
You know, we got the usual sword here, boss.
We got the real money,
we got the guys who are more like you, the thinkers,
and it looks like there's a,
you seen that picture show, Last Train to Clarksville?
That's Candace Germaine right there.
Good God, Candace Germaine is in here.
A true beauty.
Where'd you say you saw her?
Well, we're not there, but.
Yeah, when we look behind
and you're crouched down behind me.
I turn around and Eldon parts his hair.
I'd love to think as well that you're kind of
in between the guitarist and the bassist of the swing band
and the two of them are just stepping around you
as they're doing their act, trying not to tread on you.
We're becoming real quick pals here, huh?
Don't step on any wires.
No, that is do not step on any wires
because there's something very strange
going on here tonight with all of his wires.
I haven't noticed anything, but.
Cicero is up to something.
Master Checkers, that's Candace Germaine right there
that they were pointing and talking about,
talking to the cleric man.
I pull out a pamphlet and look at Eldon
and I just kind of nod at him.
Bring her to me.
Well, yeah, as he's saying that,
she breaks off conversation with the vicar or the priest
or whatever he is and she walks over
and starts talking to someone else.
So was Eldon going over to join the conversation?
I was trying to get the more charismatic
or good looking one to start the conversation.
We kind of have a thing where if we can isolate someone,
we can slowly work them down into joining us.
So is it Checkers who's going over?
Checkers heads on over to Ms. Germaine.
Yeah, she's there talking to an older man,
looks like he's probably in his late 50s,
dressed in a three piece suit.
He's fairly jowdy.
He's got red features,
a few broken veins across his face and ruby eyes
and the two of them seem to be
just making small talk as you come up.
Or you could give me an education roll
to see what they can recognize who the man is.
That's a pass, 43 on a 70.
Okay, yeah, you recognize the man
from some newspaper articles
who's seen as Charlton Billings.
He's a Senator from Vermont.
I go to him first, Senator, nice to see you.
My name is, you can just call me Checkers.
And I reach my hand out to shake his hand.
Well, he gives you a warm handshake
and says Checkers, just the one name then.
Right, it's what my friends call me in.
We're all friends here.
Oh, I hope so, I hope so.
I hope I can count on your vote next year.
Absolutely, I actually have a friend here with me
who may not be so inclined to vote for you,
but maybe you could go convince him.
And I gesture at Eldon.
Eldon is in an enclave of this room already,
like away from the crowd.
And he's just staring through his parted hair
across the party.
He has some very serious feelings about
Senator things.
The Senator looks over at Eldon,
kind of looks him up and down and looks back at you.
Fucking Oren from Parks and Rec.
That's exactly who it is.
He says, are you sure he votes?
Only when he really loves or hates something.
And he's got strong feelings.
And then I wink at him and I want to roll charm.
Okay, yeah.
That's a three.
Oh, it's a really good wink.
He says, well, a voter's a voter, I suppose.
And he turns and marches over towards Eldon.
God help him.
Candace.
And I do like the European kiss the cheeks greeting.
Ah, checkers, you made it.
I'm here, thank you for the invite.
You can see that she's looking a bit ruddy
and swaying a bit.
The party hasn't been going for that long,
but it looks like she's quite drunk already.
Does she have a drink in her hand?
Oh, absolutely, yeah.
Oh, let me take that from you.
It's, I'll hold it for you.
And I grab the like martini
and I just like drink the rest of it
and hand her back an empty glass.
She looks at you and pats you on the shoulder.
That's what I do with Luke sometimes.
Oh, it's all right, I can get another.
Oh, that's probably good.
You're probably good.
No, no, no, she says, it's all right, it's all right.
Give me a moment.
I'll pay a visit to the ladies room
and powder my nose if you know what I mean.
And I'm sure I'll be fine after that.
Cocaine.
I sure do know what you mean.
Perfect, well.
You're welcome to join me if you want.
Sure.
Yay.
We got cocaine into this campaign.
Our perfect record is untouched.
If Eldon or Checkers had looked up
at any point in that time,
they would have seen Lafayette and Harvey slipping out
of the main ballroom,
trying to follow some of these wires
and some of the weird mechanical things
that he's seeing here.
Okay, so basically you're heading out the front
to where that aerial was.
Yeah.
As you see Checkers and Candace walk into the bathroom,
he's like grabbing like champagne off the waiters,
like things and just like downing it
because he's actually never done drugs
and he's very nervous.
This is a big get for your cult.
Oh yeah, huge.
Also you're 19.
I'm underage drinking.
The movie star just asked you to go to the bathroom
to get cocaine, which is pretty cool.
I assume she's probably,
is she like a late twenties actress
or is she like established?
It's 1937.
Yeah, no, she's a few years older than you
but not a lot older.
Okay, cool.
You find a bathroom and she cuts a few lines for you
and just makes a bit of small talk and says,
do you manage to get here all right?
Well, of course you managed to get here all right
because you're here, aren't you?
Sorry, I don't know where my head is today
and snorts another line.
You know, sometimes parties can be a little overwhelming
and then he looks at the lines of coke
on the bathroom counter
and not knowing the protocol for this,
he does all the rest of the lines of cocaine.
We're gonna need you to roll a con check
to make sure you don't die.
This is a new one that we're trying out
where when you actually do drugs in the game,
you have to do drugs as the player.
We're method playing.
So give us about two and a half hours
while we go find some cocaine and we'll be right back.
Candace smiles at checkers as he does
the last three lines single-handedly
and says, oh my, aren't you a hungry little boy?
I'm not that little, he says with his 40 size.
Oh my God, I didn't realize where my tiny was.
I've got a big personality.
If 40 size is good enough for Charlie Manson,
it's good enough for you.
Exactly.
Candace, have you thought any more
about our last conversation about last branch
and maybe be in the face of it?
Yes, yes.
Though, I don't know.
I think I may have other commitments now.
I think I'm going to be employed
to help promote Cicero's new invention.
Our deal wouldn't necessarily be exclusive.
You know, you could, it could just be something
you mentioned when you do everything else that you do.
Oh, maybe, but this has got to take up all my time.
It's got to change the world, you know.
What is his invention?
She looks confused for a moment.
It's got to change the world.
Well, you know, maybe we could go talk to him.
Maybe you could introduce me to him.
I haven't met him yet either.
I don't know where he is.
Oh, she roots through her purse a bit and says,
and that was the last of the cocaine.
Oh, but I suppose someone else here must have some.
Do you think you could find some more for me?
I'm sure I could, yeah.
I'll look around.
In the meantime, he pulls out a piece of paper
and you can tell it's like a crudely drawn up contract.
And he...
It's like stick figures and it's like,
just him giving her the paper
and the paper says your soul.
No, basically it's like a contract he's written up
to have her be kind of like the spokesperson
for the last branch.
And he hands it to her, he's like,
real quick while I go look for more fun,
just sign this at the bottom here.
Well, I'll get my lawyer to look at it
and send it back to you.
Oh, we don't need, I studied,
I took a couple law classes.
She laughs.
It's a pretty good contract.
She laughs and playfully punches you in the shoulder
and says, after all the things that happened with the MGM,
my lawyer told me never to sign anything again
without talking to him.
Yeah.
Checkers figured that this was coming,
but he had to take his chance anyway.
So he grabs the contract back, folds it up
and he's like, okay, well,
I'll talk to you when I find more.
Yes, yes, yes.
But don't forget cocaine.
Right, right, I'm on it.
And he leaves the bathroom and it's in his mind,
but it really, he isn't gonna actively be looking
for drugs.
Oh, she's got to be so disbunched in you.
He's also like experiencing cocaine for the first time ever
and he's stoked and scared to death.
And in like 20 minutes,
he's gonna be looking for more cocaine.
Yes, absolutely.
Okay, well, let's cut back to Lafayette
and Harvey as they're heading outside in the snow.
And now without your coats,
you can appreciate just how cold it is out there.
The snow's coming down quite heavily now.
But you can see, yeah, there is this thick wire
that's coming through the wall.
In fact, it's like a bunch of cables
that have been bound together
that are going up to this aerial.
Lafayette gives that wire an expert and knowledgeable lick.
I'm giving the cold temperature out here.
A little Christmas story going on.
Oh, God.
Do you want to give me a luck roll
to see whether your tongue ends up frozen to the cables?
My name is David Ellington.
My God, Harvey, I've made quite a bit thick.
Pass, 17 on a 55.
Okay, yeah.
I mean, you pull it away just in time
so you can feel the ice crystals falling across.
The main thing the cable tastes of is cold.
He makes a note of that.
I actually said that at a wine tasting one time.
Everyone's looking at me weird.
But looking at it,
yeah, I mean, you passed your engineering role earlier,
so I won't ask you to roll again.
So looking at this,
you're fairly certain that this is a power cable.
In fact, it looks like it's designed
to carry quite a lot of power,
but it's just going up to this aerial contraption,
which doesn't really make a lot of sense to you.
And you can see as well
that the aerial is pointing in the direction
of that wooden tower
that you saw across on the outskirts of the compound.
Is there anywhere I can unplug it, this power source?
Not without tools, not easily.
I mean, you could try just ripping it out,
but this is like industrial cabling.
If you're going to try to sabotage it like that,
it would require, yeah, for a start, tools, a bit of time.
You probably need a ladder to get up there.
I mean, it's not impossible.
It's just under the circumstances a bit tricky.
So he gives it a few very honest tugs.
He's honestly trying to unplug it.
But when he realizes it's going nowhere,
he sets it down and he's like,
only joking, Harvey, we don't want to win that way.
Do I have a sense of what any of this could be for?
Do you have the weird science, pulp talent?
I do.
Okay, you made your engineering role earlier.
Yeah, you don't know entirely for sure.
You'd have to go and take a look at what's in that tower
to tell for sure.
But there's something nagging your way
at the back of your brain.
You're thinking of some of the wilder designs
that Nikola Tesla came up with.
And this looks maybe like it's designed
for the wireless transmission of electricity.
Harvey, this isn't normal science.
You turn and Harvey's licking the wire that you...
Harvey, you fool.
There's nothing to learn from that,
but that it tastes of cold.
That's exactly what I was going to say.
It tastes like cold.
Harvey, please listen.
This is terribly important.
Again, this is not normal science.
How are we talking?
I didn't know a body could be hollow
before its blood ran cold.
I didn't know that the wind could sew
the tissue and fagged bone.
You were hollow when you spoke to me.
Hollow when you sang.
I thought you might be starving.
So I gave you everything.
Thought you were hollow.
Thorns and rocks and devils' clothes
and briars and dry-baked clay.
Crocus blossoms in February
and Dalian in May.
Time between a mother's fingers
and spit off a bridge.
Restless legs at 3 p.m.
while waiting for a fix.
So come back here
and see what's left of me.
Is this the wholesome girl you left in Missouri?
My voice is nothing now
but the howl of the wind
come closer to my teeth
rattling my jaw.
Come closer dear
you might see
rattling my jaw.
