Hello, my friends.
It's once again your fabulously ferocious furry friend, Wolf the Dog.
And I am your host with the most,
your hoist with the moist,
your greasy baby,
your large friend with the good hair.
And I'm talking at y'all live from sometime here at 694.2 PTBP,
wherever I am's best whatever this is.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Alchemy Yeti with Two T's,
who tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pod.
Have you considered doing something similar, listener?
I liked it when Alchemy Yeti with Two T's did it.
Alchemy Yeti with Two T's writes,
Well, hello there, my dearest Wolf.
You can call me Alchemy Yeti.
Appreciate the howl.
How's the gourbage been treatin' ya?
Hopefully extra slimy for your eclectic tastes.
PTBP has been a favorite of ours ever since the trailer you fine boys put out.
We run various TTRPGs on my Twitch and YouTube with the wife,
and you've all been a wonderful inspiration to start up another mystery horror series.
Can't wait to ingest your future projects.
Wishin' you the spiciest and most fetid under grime, Yeti.
Well damn, thanks Yeti with the Two T's.
But uh, Twitch?
YouTube?
What about MeTube?
TTRPG?
Trash today's really pissin' good?
What else could that even mean?
You may speak in words that only bring confusion to me,
but I appreciate the kind words you said at me through the World Wide Web.
You truly seem to be a gourmand like myself, with only the finest tastes in trash.
If you wanna be like Yeti with the Two T's and write up somethin' for your wolf to howl,
tag at PretendingPod on the internet,
or write a five-star review on Apple Podcasts and holler at us about it.
If you wanna hear 30 bonus episodes, that's the $5 tier on Patreon.
And if you wanna submit a name and description
for a potential NPC and location to be used in the show, that's the damn $10 tier.
And if you wanna watch a monthly livestream and play some Jackbox with the cast,
get your mitts on some shirts that kicketh ass,
or even play a gaming session homebrewed and GM'd by Zach,
alongside Joe, Luke, and Thomas, as your fellow players.
Now that's all also available over at patreon.com slash pretending pod.
You know what they say.
The links are in the show notes.
Thanks to everyone who reached out with appreciation for last week's puns.
I hope you can also enjoy creative segues.
It's time for the news.
Last time, our intrepid hero smashed part of Cicero Mordaunt's new invention
in rages that ranged from dutiful to envious to cocaine fuel,
before Lafayette J. Honeycutt showed off his radical fucking jetpack.
And that certainly should've been the coolest thing in the episode.
But then, after finding a dead woman in the snow,
in a room upstairs with the window open,
Elden Ring reached out through the philanthropist's mind
to call out to the power he swore to help,
let himself be used as a vessel,
and psychic attack the top of Cicero Mordaunt's head off.
And now, using a word that encapsulates that scene,
it's Isabel Crane with Hollow.
I didn't know a body could be hollow before its blood ran cold
I didn't know that the wind could sew the tissue and ragged bone
You were hollow when you spoke to me
Hollow when you sang
I thought you might be starving
So I gave you everything
I feel like I'm presenting a children's show or something when I'm doing it.
You kinda are.
Yeah, you absolutely are.
That's how we promote the show.
Tell us the story, Scott!
It's an RPG show for kids.
Once upon a time, there was an inventor called Cicero Mordaunt,
and he made wonderful toys for all the boys and girls in the world.
What happened to his head?
He ended up a redhead at the end of the day.
Oh, man.
Yeah, Zach, you did something last episode.
Welcome to Pretending to Be People.
This is the fourth episode of The Thing You're Listening To.
Oh, yeah, Pretending to Be People.
I'm Zach.
I'm playing Elden Ring, and I did not kill anyone last episode.
Zach is not playing Elden Ring.
He doesn't play video games, but his character's name is Elden Ring.
Oh, that's why it's funny.
Like, I just thought it was a kick-ass name.
It is cool.
I've been hearing people saying it so often.
I thought I could use that.
I saw it on Twitter.
I thought it was a TikToker.
Luke, who are you playing?
I'm playing Checkers, a cult leader who talks like this.
He's only 19, and he is in the middle of climbing down some ladder rungs.
Is it going to be hard?
He passed it already, it seems like, so no.
All right, see you, Joe.
Yeah, I'm Harvey Brewer.
I'm a big, strong guy, but I hurt myself when I'm punching out a window upstairs up there.
After some difficulty, I made it down to the ground.
And my buddy here, my boss, he's an inventor,
and I just saw him take off in his new invention.
It's a sight to behold, I can tell you that much.
Well, and who knows where Lafayette J. Honeycutt is.
He was last seen flying off into the snowstorm with his jetpack.
Yeah, because there is no better time to test a prototype jetpack
than in a 50 or 60 mile per hour snowstorm.
Lafayette J. Honeycutt did not bring a prototype anything to upstage Cicero Mordent.
He brought a fully fleshed out.
Do you know how many Harveys died?
Do you know there's flesh on it?
How many Harveys crashed and burned in these things?
To get ready for this one?
Yeah.
Do you call it a jetpack, or do you have like a-
Do you call them all Harvey, or do they-
Do you think that my Harvey actually has tested this one,
and it's the one that worked, and that's why he's still with you?
Yeah.
Or have I not touched it yet?
No, you've tested it, and it could move your bulk around and everything.
He's like, this is the one.
Do you call it the jetpack, or do you have like a-
It's called the X1 right now, but-
It's not called the fuck you gravity.
It's a pretty cool name.
That is pretty cool.
This is my my fig.
FYG.
The fig X1.
Oh, that's it. I think that's who we are.
You probably are like binging all of these so you know what just happened,
but what just happened?
Okay, but I didn't kill anyone.
I, again-
You exploded his head.
Yeah, but again, because-
More manslaughter than murder because you didn't really want to do it.
How is it manslaughter?
A guy died because of him.
Exactly.
I was only a conduit, again.
That's like what you say like when you hit somebody with your car.
I was just a conduit.
Of the car's power.
It was just the thing working through me. It wasn't me.
Right.
My hands are clean.
It was an extreme instance of psychic croquet where you croquet a guy's head open.
You hit the ball a little too hard.
He is the ball in this, but he was hit. He's the implement of psychic croquet.
Scott, when the camera pans to Elden Ring, is he like covered in blood?
Oh, absolutely. Yeah, head to foot.
Well, not just blood, but cranial tissue and probably bits of skull as well.
I think we'll deal with the aftermath of that in a few moments.
Before then, I really want to catch up with Lafayette.
Me too.
Yes, I'm very intrigued.
I think we all would, but what if he just comes jetpacking through the window at the climax?
Oh no, you're not getting off that.
That's next episode.
So Lafayette is hurtling through the air in this experimental jetpack
in high winds and no visibility.
You have no real idea where you're going.
Do you want to give me a luck roll to see where you end up?
Instead of that, I'm going to spend 10 luck with resourceful,
and the jetpack has a built-in compass.
You should say a parachute too, just in case.
The jetpack is also an inspector gadget everything.
He is.
Inspector jetpack.
10 luck spent very well.
No, there is a little cool, like he used some of Mordaunt's radon dental paste
to make a glow-in-the-dark little display for his compass,
and so he's looking at it on his wrist,
and he's like guiding the jetpack straight towards the house.
As David Bowie plays.
Rocket man!
What skill do you suppose you use to control a jetpack in high winds and no visibility?
It's almost like you're swimming in the air.
Do you have like a skill for weird science?
No, that's a talent, and I think it gave me 10 in mythos.
Okay, so can you use like mechanical engineering?
I would like to argue that, but I bet it would be more like pilot.
Yeah, I think pilot would be about right.
Oh nice, so you have a base of 1% in that.
Yeah, I'm hoping that you've put points there, or you're really lucky.
Seeing as how you built yourself a jetpack,
it'd be weird if you didn't have points there.
I'm trying to find it on the sheet.
I thought you were trying to take points off of other skills and put them into pilot.
No, I'm not doing that to drive auto.
What would never happen is that he thought of the jetpack
as we were sitting down to record this.
There's no way that there's not a chance.
That is of course not what happened, which is why I have 55 in pilot and nothing in drive auto.
Wait, no, sorry, that's a baseline 20 in drive auto.
I have 35 in pilot, just enough to make it spicy.
Love it. That's spicy as hell, baby.
Let's see how this goes.
62.
That's too much.
Are we still playing 69 as crit goodness?
Always.
But it wasn't 69.
Nope, it was 62.
I played on another podcast recently that did that.
I can't remember which one it was.
It was our Scott, you're with us now.
No, this was like in the last two months.
They probably got it from us.
It's not like a really easy thing to think of.
Wait, could he gain seven luck and make his roll a 69?
That's the face of a yes.
That would put me at 29 luck.
No, you said Dane.
Yeah, you would gain seven because to add to your score.
Because you went up on the skill.
Right, because you want to add to the roll.
Right, to make it a 69.
So I gained seven luck and I make it a 69.
So we do that, Scott.
We do that.
Can I just cut all this short and say no?
You can lick whatever you want, but...
He let us lick.
The world had realistic consequences for it.
We got pretty lucky.
So yes, there you are barreling through the air in your jet pack,
unable to see where you're going.
You're getting thrown around by the winds.
It's almost completely uncontrollable at the moment.
But you are at least navigating in roughly the right direction.
But at the moment, it does look like your options are going to be limited
to trying to maybe land somewhere on the building.
But there's a good chance you'll just smack into the wall if you do that,
rather than, say, break through a window.
Because there is fundamentally a lot more wall than window.
Or you might be able to ditch the snowdrift if you're lucky
and you can find one deep enough.
You did say, since we had walked out to that tower,
a few feet had fallen, right?
Checkers was no longer able to see our footprints.
Was I knee-high in snow, walking out there?
Yeah, it was pretty much that.
And it's probably got deeper since then.
Keep in mind, I have a size 40.
On the other hand, you do know that there are quite a lot of cars parked outside.
So if you just plummeted in the wrong place,
you might end up having a rather hard landing.
Then here's what I'd like to do.
I would like to look for the tallest, fluffiest pine tree around here.
Presumably it's got, you know...
Oh, Montpelier pines are so fluffy.
They're so fluffy.
Especially when they're snow covered.
Exactly.
And I just kind of want to hug that bad boy.
I just want to like, I'm going to turn the engine off
and drift into a tree and try to hug it down.
That word drift is doing an awful lot of heavy lifting.
Because fundamentally, you're switching off the one thing that is keeping you up in the air.
And yeah, there are high winds.
Well, I see Scott, I didn't succeed in a pilot role when I tried to control it.
So I thought, what if I just don't?
Uncontrol it.
What we're hoping for here is like a Buzz Lightyear situation where he's not flying,
but falling with grace, or style.
I think this still comes down to a pushed piloting role here.
Awesome.
I mean, you know, if you succeed on this, you're going to land in your tree as you want.
If not, you're going to land somewhere else.
Fair enough.
How does pushed roles work?
You just roll it again on pilot.
And you can't spend luck on this.
Sixteen.
Yes!
Oh my God.
Starman, waiting in the sky.
As Lafayette glides gently into the tree and softly hugs it on the way down,
he just thinks about his kick-ass jetpack and he says,
this is going to blow Cicero's mind.
So yes, I mean, the way that this has ended up is you've managed to grab hold of a branch
sticking out from a fairly large pine tree and you've shaken all the snow off it.
And it is bending nicely and easing you down a bit.
You can see that you're still a bit off the ground, but there is the roof of one of the
outbuildings that you might be able to drop onto as an intermediate point.
He says, tonight I will play the Santa Claus.
And he lands on the roof.
And he yells, parkour!
You utilized that last branch.
So you land on there and immediately send a flurry of snow falling off the roof.
You slide down a bit on some of the tiles.
It's not too heavily sloped and managed to just catch yourself in the guttering.
And that's the point at which you realize that you're not alone on the roof.
The flying pig!
There is something you can just make out this shape through the snow, this twisted dark
thing that you can just catch glimpses of it every now and then as the wind shifts,
but it's moving.
It's scuttling.
That's the word.
It's scuttling across the roof.
And you can see that it is leaving a trail of blood behind it in the snow.
And then it stops for a moment as you hit the guttering.
And at that point it seems to have noticed you.
And it is now scuttling in your direction.
Is this the building that everybody, all the...
The potty?
Yeah, is this a chauffeur party building?
It probably is.
You'd guess, maybe.
Someone outside yells, this is a great chauffeur party building!
I just...
Lafayette is terrified.
And he lets go of the gutter.
He just wants to drop and get away from this thing.
And he wants to then run into the chauffeur's party.
First thing, let's have a sand roll as you see this thing scuttling towards you.
His head looks all wrong and it looks like it's pulsating there in the gloom.
There's there's crenellations and ridges all over his head that are just throbbing.
And things sticking out, sharp things.
He hates it.
He is not down with this, but he passes his sand roll.
And he's like, I'm sorry to drop out so soon, old chap.
But well, and then he lets go.
Okay, give me a jump roll to have a graceful landing.
I don't think I have much of that.
Oh, that is a base plan.
What, 20?
Oh, 100.
Wait, what is zero, zero, zero, zero?
That's a hundred.
Oh my God.
That's a hundred.
So I think, so I think what happens.
Your bones go into your brain and you're dead.
You try to leap off the roof, but the cuff of your trousers gets caught in the guttering.
And you leap off and suddenly, I mean, you're there hanging by one leg,
swinging backwards and forwards like a screaming pendulum
as this thing scuttles across the roof towards you and looks down at you.
We'll come back to you in a moment.
Oh my God.
I will say the moment you said scuttles, I got goosebumps.
I wonder if that thing has too many legs.
That thing has two legs.
I wish it had none.
So, meanwhile, Checkers and Harvey had just finished climbing down the slippery,
now slightly blood splattered ladder and made it down to, I guess, the comparative safety
of the ground.
Yeah, as we get into the ground, I get down there and then I help Harvey down the last
few steps and I've got like quite a bit of blood on my face from it dripping down from you.
Yeah.
And your boss flew off.
Did you see which way he went?
We've got to catch up to him.
Would the light from, I feel like maybe the completely engulfed in flames tower light
have like illuminate the area enough for us to look around and see?
The way the buildings are laid out, he's on the other side at the moment.
So you wouldn't be able to see him from where you are.
But if you start moving up towards the main building, you could probably see him fairly
easily.
I think when I was climbing down, I think I saw him fly off that way towards the buildings.
Then let's head that direction then.
We got to catch up with the boss.
How's your arm?
Can we try to maybe fix that?
It's bleeding pretty bad.
I tore my sleeve off here and I put it down there on the last little accent.
Put it down there.
I put it on the cut.
I'm going to try to do a first aid on him.
In addition to the first aid, I'm going to use my resourceful talent to have some antiseptic
and bandages on me.
Okay.
So spend the 10 points of luck.
Okay.
That puts me at 22.
So okay.
Someone's not getting out of this alive.
35 on a 50 first aid.
So yeah, you managed to patch that up.
You are helped as well by the comparatively bright light of the burning tower above your
head.
Perfect.
However, there is this nasty cracking creaking sound from the burning timbers above you.
And there are little bits of burning debris that are beginning to fall down like Satan's
own hell stones.
I pour the like hydrogen peroxide or rubbing alcohol that I have on you.
I bandage your arm up and then I like tenderly like put my hands around your arm and I look
at you and say, you can take the last branch for that.
Now let's run.
I owe you one, buddy.
That feels so much better.
What was that voice?
Oh shit.
I owe you one, buddy.
That feels so much better.
He's just excited.
I owe you one, buddy.
It's so much better feeling now.
Thanks.
Fuck.
Just remember, uh, the last branch helped you.
Now let's run that way and hope that we don't get crushed.
Yeah, we're taking off running and I I'm kind of trusting him at this point to just know
where, what he's doing to get out of there.
Yeah.
I mean, running might be an overstatement for how you're going to try not to fall down.
But yeah, you, you Trump your way through the snow and there are larger and larger bits
falling off the burning tower now smacking into the snow around you.
And as you make your way into the courtyard, the courtyard, I'll tell you what, give me
a spot.
Hit and roll.
Both of us.
Yeah.
Fuck.
I got an 84 on a 70.
I got a 78 on a 40.
Then yeah, you, you, you obliviously walk past the house where the party's going on
and just miss the swinging form of Lafayette.
Holy shit.
I was really counting on that.
It's a snow whip around.
As they like run out of the area, like where they would be smashed by the tower, Checkers
turns around and is just kind of like walking backwards through the snow, like looking at
the tower as it's like collapsing on itself.
So oblivious, pretty good distraction, oblivious to everything else around him.
Well, and so obviously from that angle, my silhouette would be perfectly illuminated
as he turns around.
I was about to say, if you want to use that as the basis for a pushed.
Yes, I do want to use that as a basis for a push.
And that is a 51 on a 40.
Can we both push it?
Can I push it for the same reason too, right?
Did Harvey look at all?
Why not be hilarious to have you both fail at the same time?
I pass my 25 on a 70.
Just through the shrill, like shriek of the wind, you hear like, Harvey, Harvey.
And like a dog hearing its name, I shoot my head around, pointed right at it.
Well, I was about to say, you see a few different things.
So, you know, I mean, they're in the light from the burning tower and also from the light
coming out of the house where, or the outbuilding rather, where the chauffeurs were having their
little party.
You can just see the outline of Lafayette in his jet pack, swinging backwards and forwards
by one leg.
There is something above him, but you can also see through the windows of the house
behind him.
You can see blood sprayed all over the windows.
And yeah, I mean, that's the point at which you cat's eye to the thing that is scuttling
down over Lafayette.
Do you want to give me a sand roll for all this?
That's a super duper pass, a three on a 60.
Okay, so you don't lose any sand for that.
So you're in a position to act, but Checkers, having failed that push, I think you're standing
there as well, looking back at this tower and it's beautiful, isn't it?
Just the way the fire is burning there.
Steam is coming off of it as the snow falls down into the fire.
Oh, it's gorgeous.
I mean, it's almost transfixing, isn't it?
And it's really easy to stand there just for that moment too long as some of the larger
timbers start falling down in your direction.
Right.
And it's almost as if every single one of my senses is focused on this.
The only thing I can hear is the crackling of the fire in the wood.
The only thing I can see is the beauty of the tower on fire.
I stick my tongue out and snow falls on it and I'm like, that tastes cold.
But what I'm looking at is hot.
And I feel the warmth from the fire as it radiates off the tower.
But the tower at this stage and the strong winds is rocking backwards and forwards.
And as you stand there looking at it, you can see it's moving and it's toppling and
it's toppling and Jesus Christ, it's coming straight for you.
Oh my God.
Is it going to hit the creature?
What is my sense of like, if I didn't move right now, would it fall right on me?
I mean, if you want to stand there, we try to work it out.
You did fail a push-draw, right?
I'm going to say that I'm pretty freaking transfixed on this thing and it's hard to
move around in this snow, so.
All right, so you're not going to try to dodge out of the way.
You're just going to stand there and let it hit you.
I'm going to continue moving backwards at the same pace I was, but there's like no
sense of urgency in my movements.
So you're not trying to dodge it?
No.
Yeah, really make a point about how you're not trying to dodge the huge tower coming
down on you when you don't have enough luck to stay alive.
Yeah, maybe without all your luck, it'll still Buster King you.
Maybe once it gets close to me, it might snap me out of my way.
Oh yeah, maybe you should dodge.
From the point it starts falling, there isn't going to be a hell of a lot of time before
it's actually on you.
How about this?
Yeah, I won't dodge because I just failed my dodge roll.
Okay.
So yeah, no attempt made.
By how much?
51 out of 25.
Oh fuck.
I could.
Yeah, spend it all.
Or could I push?
But then I might die.
Yeah, you can't really push this because this is a, you know, it's not an action you
can really retry.
Um, do I have enough luck to, I don't think I do.
Uh, 22.
22.
You failed by 26.
So now I can't.
Yeah.
Okay, well then these burning timbers just start crashing all around you.
The structure atop the tower falls off to one side and explodes in a shower of sparks.
The timbers though are falling hard and heavy around you.
And one of them does hit you because you don't manage to get out of the way.
And you take.
Oh, that face.
My health plus five damage.
You take, you take 11 hit points of damage.
Or wax into you and, and it drives you into the snow drift.
You are simultaneously freezing and burning at the same time.
Oh, that drops me down considerably, but I'm not stunned or anything.
Is it more than half your hit points?
Almost very almost 23 or 24.
I had 24 and that was 11 damage, right?
Okay.
Okay.
So yeah, I'm down to 13.
But you are at least partially pinned under this burning timber.
So it's like a huge plank of wood.
Basically, yeah, one of the, one of the struts that was supporting the tower is broken up
into pieces because of the fire, but this is a fairly big pole or whatever that, that
has landed on you.
I mean, the good news is that you have a very strong man.
The bad news is I think he might be preoccupied.
Well, what I want to do if I'm able to.
Harvey!
Fuck it.
Harvey!
Harvey!
Help me!
And I'm assuming Lafayette shouting pretty much the same thing at the same time.
Can I do like a charm roll to charm Harvey into helping me?
I want to do a fast talk roll to talk faster and get more Harveys out.
Okay.
I'm going to, can I charm his fast talk?
Do you want to make an opposed roll to see which one of you is making the more compelling
arc?
Yeah.
68 on an 80 fast talk.
Ooh, you win 25 on a, on an 80.
Harvey!
Harvey!
Harvey!
I'm asking you very quickly.
I think he wins.
Yeah.
Oh wait, this is lower?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Lower is good in this game.
Oh, it's good in this game.
It's the hard success versus just a regular success.
Then, uh, fuck that.
I mean, I mean, I mean, it is still obviously, yeah.
Up to you, Harvey, which one do you follow?
But it certainly sounds like from, from the cries that are reaching you, it sounds like
checkers is far more in need.
Harvey, look at your arm!
And help me!
How far off the ground is Lafayette compared to us?
He's probably only about five or six feet off the ground, but it's just, it's just the
fact that he's hanging by an ankle while this creature is starting to crawl over him.
Oh shit.
If he's that close to the ground, I think Harvey's instinct would be to help his boss
by trying to just grab his ankle and pull it off the scaffolding.
Do you at least give like a caring look toward...
Well, that's what I'm saying.
I didn't realize he was that close to the ground.
I think I can try and do both.
I mean, you could do both if they weren't like 20 feet apart.
It's just moving backwards and forwards between them through the heavy snow is going to take
such a long time.
You can't help both of them.
Harvey, your arm!
I helped you!
Help me!
And if he's that far away, I'm going to, I'm going to, I think, turn to the guy who's yelling
at me closest to me right now and I'm going to, I want to rip the other sleeve off of
my other arm and I want to create like oven mitts now that I've got a fiery thing I got
to pull off a guy and yeah, I want to try and move it off of him.
And you're going to try to lift this large burning...
Could I like roll to help him by like pushing...
You certainly can.
Yeah, I mean, if you give me a strength roll and if it's a pass, you can give them a, it
will take the difficulty level down by one.
Cool.
Okay.
I got a 25 on a 60 for my strength roll.
So that's going to be a straight strength roll for Harvey.
No!
I, uh, I fail it.
It's a 97 on a 90.
So I'm going to use seven luck to just make it a success.
Nice.
Oh, thank goodness.
So yeah, you managed to, I mean, luckily using your, your oven mitts, you managed to avoid
burning your hands too much.
And yeah, it's, I mean, it's difficult at first.
This is a really big, heavy timber.
And I mean, it's on fire.
It doesn't open up at all.
But somehow, yeah, you put in almost a superhuman amount of strength.
Yeah.
I mean, it's obviously down to the great first aid that checkers gave you.
You wouldn't have stood a chance.
Yeah.
So like we were, as I'm like pushing up and he's lifting up.
Come on buddy, push!
Push with all your might!
I'm barely able to, like with the, the snow is melting underneath the fire.
It's melted just enough that I can slide right out and we drop the, drop the log.
And, and, and will you drop your log?
Let's, let's go to Lafayette and see whether you still have a boss.
Yeah.
Well, Lafayette doesn't know if he still has a Harvey.
He sees him go to help him and he's like, he's almost as pissed as he was at Morden.
You can have my guy.
We'll just switch guys.
I've lost three of my best friends recently and I'm looking for a new master.
Your guy is weird.
The old guy is weird.
Okay.
Yeah.
I mean, there you are swinging by your, your trouser calf off this, uh, off this gutter.
And this creature now has, has crawled down and is beginning to move its way down your body.
You can see his hideous misshapen head pulsing in the light that's coming from the windows
and from the burning structure.
Lafayette ignites the jet pack and tries to push off.
And he hopes that breaks the thread on his trousers.
So are you, if you're hanging upside down, there's a chance that this,
no, I'm going to try to push off as I do it.
But I thought you were trying to burn the creature sideways.
Oh yeah.
I think there's many things that can be happening all at once here.
Well, do you want to give me a piloting role then?
I think if it's a regular success, you're pushing away.
And if it's a hard success, you can try igniting the creature.
Oh, piloting.
Yeah.
I have a 55 in that.
So it was, it was, it was, it was 35, 35, 35, two, two.
You rolled a two.
I rolled a two.
Oh my God.
Extreme success.
Like a jet pack fart in the face.
And as you're pushing off and taking off, it seems to be trying to take off after you,
but yeah, your jet catches it straight on and you can see fire engulf it.
And yeah, just a sizzling sound as it falls down to the snow and twitches there.
Happy new year chap.
And I do a flip in the air and land next to Harvey and checkers.
Fuck yes.
And I think that's a good point to cut back to Mr. Ring.
Hello, bright light in the, in the wardrobe.
I, I've lost three of my best friends recently and I'm looking for a new master.
I think along with the three of your best friends, let's see whether you've lost any
San for all this, because this is a lot that's going on at the moment.
It's a lot.
54 on a 90.
Okay.
You still lose one point of San.
Okay.
Cause he accidentally popped ahead.
So we got to, he croquered ahead.
I do want to luck roll as well, just to see whether you've been injured by any of the
bits of flying cranium.
Oh, that's a fail.
93.
Okay.
He created a frag grenade skull.
Think of the infection you're going to get from that.
That's three points of damage.
So yeah, I mean, you can feel a sting in your, your cheek.
And, and as, as you reach up, you can feel that there's something hard stuck in your
cheek.
My beautiful face has been tainted forever by me being the psychic conduit for the, the
cattywampus game of a croquet that's been played through my mind.
And yeah, I mean, if you, if you pull this, this loose, you can see that it's a bit of
a high socket and there's, there's a bit of a high in it as well.
Oh my God.
Embedded into your face.
Now you've got an actual third eye.
So it works out.
The physical realm, the physical realm is not nothing in the physical, nothing in the
physical realm can hurt me.
Margaret Payne has liked it at this stage.
And how many legs, how many legs did she do it?
You can hear this buzzing from inside the wardrobe, or at least very deep inside the
wardrobe, it sounds like, which again just goes, release me.
How would I do that, my new friend?
I mean, there's, there's no direct response to that.
Yeah, well, you get the impression from the acoustics that that voice is coming from
quite some distance away.
The powers that possess the world help those who help themselves.
All right, well, I will be on my way then.
Bright light in the wardrobe.
Really?
You're not going to do it?
Do what?
Open the wardrobe?
It is already open.
The wardrobe's open.
I mean, you can already see the light coming out of it.
Yeah.
I'm not, I don't feel, it did not tell me to step into it nor reach into it nor throw
any body into it.
So what if Narnia is back there?
Yeah.
Grew up, Christian.
You love that.
All right, so did Elden Ring, actually.
He's a PK from Kentucky.
A preacher's kid?
Yeah, he's a preacher's kid from Kentucky.
Is that what you say on the boards?
Yeah, when we're talking about all of our religious trauma.
So, so does that mean you're not investigating the wardrobe or you are?
Well, I'd like to if, if it would give me any sort of direction.
I am one who follows direction well.
You can hear when the voice is coming from somewhere deep within the wardrobe.
Are you there, my dear master, sir?
Are you saying that in the conversational tone or are you shouting?
He's reaching his head towards the light to kind of like poke its head in to say it.
Yeah, I mean, I mean, as you look into the water, go into the water, you can see that
what it is is there's a false door or secret door in the back of it that seems to go to
a staircase that's leading down.
I'm no lion as I am not strong in physical strength, but I can be a witch.
And he walks into the wardrobe.
C.S. Lewis.
There are these wooden steps leading down.
There's a fair bit of light coming from down below and you can hear this.
Oh, it's my voice breaking up again.
I just got good.
I'm just like getting fucked, man.
I'm just like ready for it.
I'll say that again to make it easier for you to edit.
Appreciate you.
Yeah, you head down.
There's a set of wooden stairs that are going down.
There's brick lined walls and you can see light coming from down below.
And there's this rattling sound as well, sound like metal rattling.
And this this buzzing voice again saying, Releasing.
Yes, OK, I hear you.
Calm down.
I'm so sorry.
You seem very perturbed by this whole situation.
May I ask you a few questions?
Who is that?
That is that is not Mordant.
Who are you?
No, we destroyed Mordant together.
There's a pause there.
Mordant is dead?
Well, yes, of course.
Through the power invested in me from you.
Good.
Then you must release me.
Yeah, all right.
Okie dokie.
Yeah, sure.
OK, and as you make your way to the bottom of the stairs, you can see that it opens up
into what looks like a laboratory or a workshop of some kind, that there are workbenches
with all sorts of strange equipment and kind of half-finished devices, inventions.
You know, you're not quite sure.
There's a big freestanding, what looks like electrical loom that's got all sorts of
strange wiring on it.
But the thing that attracts your attention the most is in the center of the room, you
bolted to the floor is something that looks almost like a medieval torture device made
of black iron.
And there is something that is bolted within it.
This strange, twisted, insectile-like thing, it has too many legs and it has claws and
pincers and things sticking out of its head and its head is pulsating.
You can't see any eyes.
You can't even really see anything you can identify as a mouth.
Do you want to give me a SAN roll?
Yeah.
I do.
That's 11 on an 89.
Yes, yeah.
Somehow you're taking this in your stride.
Okay, all right.
Hello there, future bug master and overlord, perhaps.
I have a question for you.
I'm a very passionate voter and so I would like to know what platforms you are interested
in paying attention to if you are going to take over humanity, which is just an assumption
is my thought of your goal.
I have no interest in taking over your pitiful species.
Release me now and you shall be spared it.
So does that involve the killing of the rest of the people like me?
Only those who get in my way.
And what is the end goal?
My goal is to be released.
Well, sure, for now that's short term.
What is your long term goal, please, mister?
There is this long pause as it is trying to process what the fuck you're saying.
It's rattling this iron cage that it's stuck in.
The other thing you can see now that you're a bit closer in talking to this is that it
looks really badly hurt.
A few of its limbs seem to be broken.
There are wounds all over its carapace.
It looks like it has wings, but the wings look damaged.
But the worst of all is, yeah, this sort of brainy looking head that it's got covered
in crenellations has got holes in it.
It looks like holes have been drilled into its head.
And you can see crusted around some of the holes, this sort of yellowish pus.
Oh, my God.
Hey, I was just wondering, you seem to be in pretty bad shape.
Do you think that that would make you any less...
Psychic attack, psychic attack, psychic attack!
You can try to psychic attack it by your means.
Oh, fucking shit.
71 on a 90.
Normal success.
Oh, yeah, that's an extreme success on this path.
So what happens if your opponent bests you?
Sorry?
So what happens if your opponent bests you at this contest?
Psychic powers, psychic attack, allowing heroes to use psychic attack.
Is this a monster or a mythos monster?
It's a mythos monster.
Psychic attacks do not work on mythos monsters.
So not only have you failed on basic terms, but they wouldn't have worked even if you
succeeded.
The minds of mythos monsters are so alien that to connect with them is to risk losing
one's own mind.
A human attempting to psychically attack a mythos monster must immediately make a sanity
roll, taking the standard sanity loss as described in the monster's profile.
So it means that you could take the same sanity roll twice for seeing them and then trying
to connection.
Then you get all these impressions as you dig into its mind of just darkness and these
strange alien minds and moving through interstellar space and flying just through space, through
all these places that the angles don't quite work right.
I rolled a 94 on an 89.
Oh, and you lose six points of sand.
Do you want to give me an intelligence roll?
Oh, 28 pass on a 50.
It's probably bad for you.
The good news is to get five points of Cthulhu mythos.
The bad news is you're having a battle of madness and you're having one where there
are no other player characters around.
Summary rules for that.
So let's just draw a curtain on what happens here and we'll come back to you shortly to
see what's happened.
Hey, Scott, thank you.
I'm really happy right now.
I like that we learned in real time that what you did was a horrible decision to think back
on how much glee we had when you shouted psychic attack and the way that it ended up.
Whoops, you've gone mad.
And so you're just repeatedly trying to psychic attack.
Oh God.
Now, meanwhile, back out in the courtyard.
Yeah, there's there's bits of burning debris all around now, which are lighting the courtyard
quite nicely.
And you can see that there are more of these flying creatures, some of them moving through
the air.
Some have landed on the roofs.
You can see some scuttling in through windows on the manor house and the air around you
is buzzing.
Holy shit.
Well, I don't know about you fellas, but I think we ought to get up there and kill that
thing in the wardrobe in the bedroom.
OK, now that I've been rescued from underneath the burning log and I've got burns and shit
all over me and I've seen this crazy shit.
I immediately start to miss Eldon and I'm like, yeah, he actually believes in the shit
that I was trying to peddle and it's happening now.
Fuck.
And he's just going to run towards the entrance of the main house to try to go find Eldon.
Harvey's just going to turn to Lafayette.
Hey, boss, I think it's time we get out of here.
I think that's a capital idea, Harvey.
Do you think we could get one of these cars going?
I don't think any of these cars are moving into some of the snow melts.
I think our best bet is to seek refuge inside, maybe find the wine cellar.
As Checkers is running off, he's like, don't you want to show your that the scientist how
much better you are than him?
You know, perhaps tomorrow when things have calmed down, but there are an awful lot of,
you know, demons in the air.
Demons in the air.
Yeah, I'm following Lafayette's lead no matter what, but I think we're aiming for the house.
I mean, we're running after you all the same.
So, yeah, you make your way as quickly as you can through the snow.
Actually, each of you could give me a spot hidden roll on your way past if you want.
Ought 7.
25.
OK.
A 14 on a 70.
That's the extreme, extreme success.
You all notice as you're going past, at least parts of the cars that are parked outside
seem to be relatively cleared of snow.
In fact, it mostly seems to be the fronts of the cars.
Now you look at it, the hoods are open and there are bits of engine just strewn all over
the place.
Oh, shit.
Looks like snow is the least of our troubles with these autos, Harvey.
Yeah, we ain't going anywhere in any of these.
Eldon!
So, yeah, I mean, you make your way towards the house and as you get in through the main
doors, you can see coming down the stairs at the far end of the hallway, there's a few
of the staff who stopped and just looking.
There's Margaret Payne.
She's walking fairly slowly down the stairs and she is absolutely covered in blood with
grey specks on her.
She's got a thousand yard stare in her eyes and she's just swaying as she's coming
down.
Ms. Payne, have you seen Eldon?
He killed Cicero.
He killed Cicero.
He killed...
Where?
He did what?
She just points upstairs and then just faints dead away and bounces down the rest of the
stairs.
Oh, shit.
Lafayette is bounding up the stairs where she pointed three at a time.
Checkers is following after him.
Same with Harvey.
He's like, maybe he's not dead yet and he can see my jet pack before.
It's the last thing he sees as I hold his hand and I'm like, look, look, Cicero.
And then he's gone and then I piss on his bed.
As he's dying, he looks up to you with a tear in his eyes and he's like, you were better.
Yeah, he says this with no eyeballs and no head.
This is all in Lafayette's imagination as he's running up the stairs.
He says, I never hated you.
I just loved your wife.
It's the look in the eye that's still embedded in Mr. Ring's cheek.
I'm shouting Eldon's name as I'm running up the stairs too.
Do it.
I mean, yeah, you can see that there's light coming down from the end of the corridor and
probably more importantly, there is a trail of bloody footprints coming down the corridor
from this room at the end.
Yeah, that's what Checkers is going to be following.
You get in there and I mean, as bad as the wallpaper in this room probably looked before,
it looks a lot worse now.
There is blood and brain and bits of skin and bone just splattered around the place
like pebble dash, the almost headless body of Cicero leaking blood into the carpet.
And from down below you can hear this heavy clanking sound and something heavy falling
over and this buzzing voice saying, yes, yes, you shall be spared, you shall be spared,
you and you alone.
Checkers runs towards that.
Lafayette dips his finger in some of the blood on the wallpaper and takes a lick and he knows.
He knows it's Cicero.
It's cold.
He sits down for a moment next to the corpse on the bed and he doesn't really know what
to do with his life.
I mean, there is still this bottle of strange yellowish liquid there and a hypodermic syringe
as well.
Yeah, this is rock bottom.
I should probably start injecting.
Scott's just like, well, here we go.
Having a rough night?
The next logical step for you.
Harvey standing over Morden's body.
Well, this is good news, right?
This is the kind of the end game here, right?
You win.
You won.
You won.
Harvey, don't you see?
I wanted to rub his nose in it and now he doesn't have one.
Well, you can do that.
Here, look.
And I start to rub his skull.
Rubbing his nose in it.
That's lovely.
That's the half of a skull.
So it's just Checkers who's running downstairs and the other two of you are commiserating
over Morden's corpse upstairs.
Yeah, you've got this, right, Checkers?
Oh, I've never been more ready.
We'll start moseying on down there.
You run downstairs and there is this horrible buzzing sound, the sound like the one you
heard outside.
And sure enough, when you come around the corner, there is this battered form of this
creature like the one you saw outside or the ones you saw outside that is beginning to
rise off the ground and there on the ground before it, kneeling almost in reverence,
is the form of Mr.
Ring.
Mr.
Ring is coming back to his senses now, I guess, but how this has affected you, how this
glimpse of seeing something so much greater than yourself is shaping your thoughts at
the moment is entirely up to you.
Is this thing still inside the cage?
No.
No, Mr.
Ring seems to have just finished freeing it.
I'm going to use my resourcefulness, so I'm going to take 10 points.
And I have a gun on me and I'm going to shoot this thing because it scares me.
So, yeah, I mean, Mr.
Ring, you can see that Checkers, your old master, is that right?
Or is he still your current master?
I mean, does he still have anything to teach you compared to the wonders you've just seen
inside this creature's mind?
Good point.
I have been completely transformed by the darkness that is now within me.
It has completely tainted my soul, and I will now be known as Dark Soul.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
I love it so much.
Oh, my God.
Then, yeah, Mr.
Soul can see Checkers pulling out this gun as this divine creature is beginning to rise
up in the air.
What's everyone doing?
Checkers is just going to unload his gun.
And while he's screaming like, Elden, Elden, my name is no longer chosen to be Elden Ring.
You were once my friend and my mentor.
So you're just firing wildly into this thing as fast as the gun will shoot.
Exactly.
Yeah, it's going to be point blank range.
So this will be three normal firearm handguns rolls.
FAIL 85 on a 50, 36 on a 50, 19 on a 50.
Don't bother rolling damage on this because guns aren't very effective.
So, yeah, I mean, the bullets whack into it and I mean, they make holes and the thing
seems angry.
You can hear the timbre of its buzzing getting louder and the buzzing voice just fills
the room, even over the deafening effect of the gunshots.
And Mr.
Soul can hear it just saying, Destroy him.
Well, obviously, after some time to get...
Taking attacks, taking attacks, taking attacks!
As I finish unloading or like just shooting three bullets off at this thing, I feel the
same feeling that I got downstairs in the ballroom.
The feeling that broke your heart.
60.
44.
Fuck you.
I see the lack of effect that my bullets have made on this thing.
And I look at Eldin and I change the aim of my gun because I can feel him attacking me
again psychically.
And I fire a single bullet towards Eldin.
Wow.
OK, while you're doing this, the creature is just flying through the air past you to
go up the stairs.
Oh, OK.
Not at me.
It's quite happy to leave you two downstairs to kill each other while it escapes.
Pretty good plan on its part.
It's not stupid.
We've got personal shit we're working out.
So you were going to shoot Mr.
Soul?
Hopefully not, but I'm going to shoot at him.
You'll get a bonus die as well because it's point blank range.
Oh, perfect.
Well, that's a 31 and also a 31 again.
So I successfully shoot him.
So what kind of gun is this?
Just like a small handgun, like a 38.
Yeah, like a 38 special.
OK, so roll a D10 damage.
10.
OK, so yeah, there is this searing pain.
Your friend, your confidant, your leader, the man who defined your life.
Defined your beliefs, defined your existence until a moment ago.
A man named Checkers.
A man named Checkers.
Yes, Checkers has betrayed you.
But only because you betrayed me.
That's fair enough.
I went from 21 to 11 hit points.
Oh yeah, I mean, does the physical pain hurt more,
or is it more the emotional pain of having been shot by your mentor?
Well, obviously physical pain can't.
Oh, I just got shot.
Yes, physical pain hurts more.
And as soon as I shoot him, I drop the gun and I'm like, why?
Why would you do that?
You've shot him in the abdomen.
If you're lucky, maybe not in the gut, in the stomach,
but there's blood welling out from between his fingers now.
I definitely am going to immediately try to first aid him.
Is Mr. Soul putting up with that?
You've just been shot and now he's trying to tend to your wound.
Why?
Why did you not join on the true side of...
You got tricked.
They got to you.
I thought you were stronger than that.
But we seek the universe and its power.
Well, on my way down, you don't know any of this,
but on my way down the ladder, I thought about just whatever you're into,
I was going to do.
But then you tried to mind attack me again.
You son of a bitch.
And then he starts pouring the hydrogen peroxide on his open wound on his stomach.
Oh, there is a fine line between first aid and torture.
Well, I'm trying to do a little column A, a little column B.
Do you want to give me a first aid roll?
Yes.
54 on a 50.
I have four luck.
Oh, I'll spend four luck to make that pass.
Okay.
Which puts me at eight.
So you can have a D4 hit points back as somehow having hydrogen peroxide
poured in a gunshot wound does you the world of good.
Well, yeah, it's that.
And then once it's kind of done fizzing up, I get some gauze and just put it in the hole.
It was like 70% hydrogen peroxide, so it dissolves the bullet.
Uh, I'm back up to 13 now.
Former master checkers.
What was that thing that you were talking to?
That it wanted to be free and it wants to, I didn't quite understand, but it's powerful.
He's just like jaw on the floor, like mouth open, like does not understand what in the
past 20 minutes what's happened to his friend.
Like he's just like shaking his head.
Like what the fuck?
I've seen things on the others tonight that are so powerful.
More than you can imagine.
And while Mr. Soul bears his soul to checkers, let's cut upstairs.
Harvey and Lafayette can hear this buzzing sound from down below.
Then there's gunshots.
They're shouting.
The buzzing sound is getting louder and louder as something comes bursting out of the wardrobe.
Something very much like the things you saw outside.
But this time you're now seeing it in bright light.
You can see the twisted insectile form, the strange pincers, the pulsating head, the strange
wounds all over it as it floats above the ground.
Do you want to give me sand rolls first of all?
Oh shit, I fail a 68 on a 60.
Can you, can you luck a sanity roll?
You cannot.
Okay.
Can you lick a sanity roll?
How many licks in the center of a sanity roll?
I believe I passed.
Let me get my sheet back up.
Oh nope.
93 on an 89.
I fail.
Okay.
So you both failed.
So Lafayette loses.
Oh, he only loses one point of sand and Harvey loses five points.
That's more like it.
Can I have an intelligence roll off Harvey, please?
Yes, you can.
That's a 44 on a 60.
Okay.
So you're having a bad madness as well.
So again, you get five points of Cthulhu Mythos.
What do you think of them?
Blind panic?
Does that sound about right?
Yeah, totally.
So yeah, I mean in your panic to get out of the room, you're pushing Lafayette out of
the way.
The two of you are just stumbling all over each other and this creature actually doesn't
seem to be paying you much attention.
It just flies out of the room at speed.
From beyond in the corridor and down the stairs, you can hear sounds.
I mean, you heard a few sounds before, glass breaking and stuff like that.
But now there are other sounds.
There are people screaming and there's strange sounds like electrical discharge and just
this buzzing, so much buzzing in the air, not just this thing that flew past you.
But it's just like suddenly the air is absolutely filled with buzzing.
Oh my God, it's a swarm.
And shall we leave the episode here?
Yes.
Yeah, holy shit.
So we're going to be able to clean it all up and have a good ending by the next episode.
Yeah, it should be a pretty clean ending.
Fine.
The light in that tower was actually like a bug zapper that we destroyed.
It wasn't a zapper, it was going to draw them in like moths.
Oh my God.
There would have been thousands more.
But they would have been over there.
Yeah, they would have been over there.
It's totally what it is.
It's going to change the world, you know?
A body could be hollow before its blood ran cold
I didn't know that the wind could sew the tissue and faggot bone
You were hollow when you spoke to me
Hollow when you sang
I thought you might be starving
So I gave you everything
Thorns and rocks and devils glow
Brides and dry-baked clay
Crocus blossoms in February
And I lay home in May
Time between a mother's fingers
And spit off of a bridge
Restless legs at 3pm
While waiting for a fix
So come back here and see what's left of me
Is this the wholesome girl you left in Missouri?
My voice is nothing now
But the howl of the wind
Come closer dear in my teeth
Rattle in my jaw
Come closer dear in my teeth
Rattle in my jaw
