Thanks. Thanks for that fridge. It was like the grudge sound. Sounds like clinking bones.
My fridge used to make that noise and I thought it was mice for the longest time. It's just
the ice machine, right? It's the ice maker, right? I don't have an ice maker. It was something
that went back in the fridge. There was a mouse in the fridge? No man, it was the ghost
of his old fridge. I used to think it was mice and it was. What's up everybody? I'm
Zach. Welcome to season two of Pretending to be People. First off, Joe, do you need
to listen to season one of Pretending to be People? Hell no. But should you listen to
season one of Pretending to be People, Luke? Hell yeah. And what did you think about season
one of Pretending to be People, Thomas? I thought we could do better. That's why we're
here. The whole gang is back together for another quick and simple role playing campaign.
In and out, 20 minute campaign. Justin is also back with us as both Wolf the dog, the
AM radio DJ, who will continue to introduce each episode. And he's also returning as our
in-house composer. Justin actually messaged me and said, hey Zach. That's how he messages
me, or at least the time. Oh, he's got to relate. Parentheses, sultry, sexy. Hey Zach,
I created all new music for season two. What the fuck? We're so fucking excited to have
Justin back in-house composing for season two. Very excited. I hope it's good. Oh, I
listened to it. We'll see. Now we are here because what do we do? We play a role playing
game. We play a tabletop role playing game. That stands for TTRPG. That's right. And
what are TTRPGs, Thomas? Well, that's where you get your best friends around a table or
whatever you have, but we have a table. I thought you meant like best friends or whoever
you have around. Right. Which is also true. We lucked into our role playing group, but
I understand that that is a very common phenomenon. Yes. Fortunately, we are best friends who
role play together. So we get around our table, our tabletop, and we roll some dice
and pretend to be people. And we tell stories together. He said the name. He said the name.
He did it. I got that in there. Hell yeah. So last season we played an amalgamation of
a game called Delta Green, the role playing game and a game called Pulp Cthulhu. This
season we are maybe going to utilize a lot of those same rules, but we're really focusing
in on just using a stripped down version of the original Delta Green rules. Which is a
what offshoot of Call of Cthulhu. It is an offshoot of the game by Chaosium, Call of
Cthulhu. I should mention here Delta Green is published by Arc Dream Publishing. Shout
out to them for creating an absolutely phenomenal game that we can't remember all the rules
to. So we play our own version of it. That's what we mean by stripped down. Complete. Whose
green is it anyway? We should also mention that we play what's called a closed game.
What does that mean? Oh, that just means that when your characters choose to go off on their
own or split the party, then we actually split up our in real life party here and have the
people whose characters are not in the room go into a different physical room. Dude, I
must have not been paying attention like the last season because I legit thought that you
would just like get mad at us and like randomly be like, get the fuck out of this. And I was
like, it's confusing. And then, but you know, sometimes it's like a long time out. Sometimes
it's just like 30 seconds. So, but that makes so much more sense. Luke was getting confused
because we do send them on time outs. Those are different than the closed game. Yeah.
Time out. If any of us were there with you, that was a moment of a closed game. But if
you were just in the corner with your hat, that was a time out. I hate that fucking hat.
Zach, it really defeats the purpose of the discipline if he doesn't even know he's being
punished. That's a good point. You just said fuck. I've already said fuck. Let's talk about
the explicit content warning. Yeah. There's a real big fucking content warning on this show.
And we delve into some pretty dark subjects. Yeah. It's not just cursing. We use the cursing
to describe terrible things. Terrible things is what the explicit tag is for. It is certainly
not just for fuck words. Uh, we're going to get pretty gross. We're going to get pretty
weird. Yeah. Slimy, gory, violent, scary. It's going to get fucked up. Some real twisted
stuff. Although it's fun when we do it. Yeah. If you're scared of, yeah. Trigger warning.
Are you scared of fun? And we've been doing this as a group for a while. Does anyone know
how long we've been playing together? 18, 19 years. It hasn't been quite that long.
I'd divide that by three and I think we'd be about right. So how long did we play before
we started recording? It was like a year and a half. Yeah. We played for like two years,
I think before we started playing. And then season one was almost four years of recording.
We're going to cut that down. So we've been playing together for something like six years
now. From what I've heard on the internet, that is considered rare. How do you think
we've been able to keep it up by making a lot of the rules? Yeah, I would say the fact
that we generally have a great time together is what's going and the money. We have a Patreon
by the way. Yeah. And Hey, that money is not keeping me around yet. So maybe keep Thomas
around. Well, should that be a stretch goal? Keep Thomas. Oh man. I love this group. I love
this group because you're literally my, I was going to say best friends. You're my only friends.
But I also- Is that better or worse? It's the same dude. It sounded like a downgrade in the
middle of the sentence. He's stuck with us either way. Speaking of, you guys played three small
town cops last season. This season, we're not doing that. And we're also not playing Delta
Green agents. What are you guys up to this season? We'll say goodbye to the small town because we're
in the city. We're in the city, baby. We're going to the city. Do you want to know what happens in
the city? We can tell you. Newsworthy action and that's what we cover because we're a fucking news
team, y'all. An action news squad tooling around in our sweet van, bringing you all the news that's
fit to print. Wait, city action news van, the can van? The can van. Fuck yeah. First good improv of
the season. Actually, I have that written down right here in front of me. So thanks so much for
listening to this first episode of season two. And now let's turn that dial to 694.2 PTBP and hand it
over to Wolf the dog. Good afternoon, everybody. And I do literally mean everybody because we are
coming at you live from 694.2 PTBP, the city's oldest and only radio station. It's your sweaty
teddy bear with the news to share, Wolf the dog. It's a wet hot day here in the city this Saturday.
It's June 18th, 2022 if that means anything to you. And oh damn, there's an email in my inbox. Why,
it's a new Howlin' with Wolf. This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from John Scott Tynes,
an American writer best known for his work on the role-playing games Unknown Armies,
Call of Cthulhu, Puppetland, and Delta Green. John tweeted about the show and tagged at
Pretending Pod, a very cool and very easy thing to do. He writes, I've got a message here from
high up on the down low. Hey, clockwork child, love your style. Watch out for minotaurs in the
labyrinth. Dr. Gonzo, keep on keeping it surreal. Jeff Hawthorne, hello and goodbye. Nice job keeping
ahead. And Florida man, master of the dude way. Rock that red beard and tell Jane hi. Blood and
kisses JC lens. Damn now y'all aren't even trying to make sense anymore. Does anyone know what in
the grease any of this means? Kids these days. If you want to write up something for your steamy
Wolf to howl, just tag at Pretending Pod on Twitter or Instagram. Tag pretending to be people on
Facebook. Or if you want to be one of Wolf's favorites, submit a five star review on Apple
podcasts, screenshot that super supportive endorsement and send it to our socials. And if
you want to interact with other nasty folks in this PTBP community, join us on discord or over
in the subreddit. If you want to keep this show alive while also gaining exclusive access to over
40 hours of confidential bonus content, give us your money on Patreon. And if you want to drape
your body in the finest of branded threads, go grab a shirt, hat, beach towel and fanny pack over
at PretendingPod.shop. No need to remember all that. The links are in the show notes and me, I
need to go folks. Find some wet debris and with a whole dose. We've got a brand new theme to warm
up your throats. It's Alter Girl with My Life is Great and It's All My Fault.
Our story begins on a sweltering, muggy Saturday in the city.
It's June 18th, 2022 and walking feels more like wading through a pool. But plenty of people are
parading up and down the perpendicular pathways that make up the city. Each intersection, four
perfectly 90 degree angles. Each street sign, splendidly shining in the sunlight. Each person
walking outside for more than 30 seconds, drenched. The severe and sterile design of the city helps
some folks keep their heads on straight, helps them keep a grip on their reality, but everyone's
different. Though I bet plenty of people would agree it'd be nice to be able to get an eyeful
of the city without being inundated with so many advertisements. Facebook, Olive Garden,
The Godel Company, Gucci, Amazon, The City News, Apple, Exxon Mobil. It's impossible.
They're everywhere. You say The Gobble Company? G-O-T-T-L-E. It's like Butterball. The Godel
Company is a food based company. They work on bio-farming. Wait, that ain't right. Bio-farming
is just farming? Yeah. Then yes. It's organic farming. Is it like growing a steak in a lab
or is it like growing a cow in a field? Honestly, it's more like growing corn in a field. Okay,
to feed the cows? That's just agriculture. Yeah, they're an agriculture, they're an ag company.
Hell yeah. Who's going to be the bad guy, do you guys think?
Zach was hoping he could just slip that Godel in there and we wouldn't mention anything and now
he's got the entire plot ruined. Even Luke took down a note on Godel.
I spelled it wrong and then I wrote over it, but I can tell.
Well, Luke, let's start with you. You're the producer, one of the segment producers
out in the field of City Action News. I want you to tell me about your character and what
they're up to on this oppressively moist Saturday afternoon. My character is Julius
Summers and you can do MFA after that if you want. Do I have to? It's preferred.
I'm getting an NBA vibe from this guy. No business, film and arts.
All right, what's Julius up to on this heater of a start of the weekend? Julius is
in his closet. He is color coding his suits. He's getting ready for his first real week
at Cannes. City Action News.
And he is super stressing out about which suit he's going to wear.
What are your options? Blue, tan or black.
He has 19 suits, various shades of blue, tan and black.
Do you mix and match or do you always keep it monochromatic?
Monochromatic and they're 90s fits.
Oh, anything else I need to know about Julius Summers?
He is starting at City Action News because nepotism, basically.
Speaking of, your uncle calls your cell phone. You get a vibration and the name says
Tyfe Ralen, T-Y-F-E, Ralen. Shout out to Jeff from Seattle. One of our patrons at the $10
above level has given us this character who is a six foot tall man with dark slicked back hair
and a permanent smirk.
Tyfe is a cool name.
It is cool.
Tyfe Ralen is the executive producer of the City Action News and he is
Julius Summers direct report.
Hello.
Hey, what the fuck is up? My beautiful baby nephew. Come on.
Huh? It's a beautiful day for overtime. Yeah.
Stucks.
Overtime.
Good. You keeping the talent happy?
Of course you are. All right. Well, get him, get the camera guy, get them all out to the,
get him out to a farm. Okay. Find a magnetic fucking farmer to do 90 seconds. Only 90 seconds.
Okay. On whether they would sell their land to the Godel company. I heard Fred Godel himself
is going around and closing these land deals in person. See what they think about that, right?
Okay. Just 90 seconds this time. Don't let him go all in depth like he likes to. Oh, and nephew.
Y'all gotta do a TikTok for the can. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I'm real serious this time. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. You have to make a TikTok for the can. Can do.
Okay. Have fun. You're based for this bro. And he hangs up. Fuck. A farm in the city?
It's going to be hard.
He, uh, was standing there completely naked because he was trying to decide what to put on.
Who doesn't love a naked phone call with their uncle? It wasn't a FaceTime.
What's his dong like? Um, you see him from the back. So the dong, can you see the dong?
The dong has not been revealed, but he is standing with, he has no thigh gap. So he's standing.
There'd be no way to see the dong. He's thick. He's got, uh,
Julius Summers. Yeah. Big thighs. He ran in, in college and he ran even while he was getting his
masters, which is weird. He big thighs, normal rest of his body. He throws on. So normal dong,
normal dong, normal calves, no more arms, no more torso, huge thighs, huge thighs,
but thick thighs. People are like, whoa, get it, get a load of those. Do they save lives?
They report on whether life was saved or not. Could he smash a watermelon with those bad boys?
He has before. And he'll do it again. Fun party trick in college. He just kind of like closes
his eyes and starts pointing around and then stops and he puts on a light tan suit with a tan
undershirt, a tan tie, tan pants and tan shoes. So everyone can see your sweat stains on this
super hot Saturday. He does, uh, throw on a couple tan undershirts. It's going to be hotter,
but it'll soak up as much sweat as possible. Grabs a cell phone, puts it in his pocket,
grabs the keys to the van, the city action news van, the can van, the can van. Where's it at?
The can van is a parked in front of Julius Caesar's. The can van is parked outside of Julius
Summers house, which is located right on the outskirts of town and the first like little
suburb. He runs out to the van and calls up the talent. All right, sick. So, uh, let's, uh,
let's dive in and see what Thomas's character is. As a character. When you get this phone call,
what are you up to? It's a hot Saturday in the city. Cal Colorado has definitely been
sitting by the phone waiting for a call from his producer. Cal Colorado?
Veteran newsman, Cal Colorado. Holy shit. And he's got, he's got a landline that rings
and he sets down his, his cup of black coffee and he picks up the receiver and he says,
hello, Cal Colorado. Awesome. Cal. Julius. We need to get ready. Ready for what? We are
going to the farm. Which farm? You can figure that out while I drive to come get you.
Cal hangs up confused. The producer doesn't know it's his job.
This is Saturday. Julius's first day, um, was on Friday just as like a, like, you know,
kind of get to know you thing. As soon as the phone is hung up, he's like, fuck that.
And he starts Googling farms near him and the, the can van pulls up on this sweltering hot day.
Honestly, the AC hasn't even kicked in to full gear at this point in time. Windows are kind
of rolled down while you've got the air flying through. Oh, I thought you meant the AC in Cal
Colorado's house because yes it has. It's very well maintained. Oh, what degree? 73. Character
development. Tell me about it stud. Oh, well 73 just seems a little more like I keep it at 69
cause that's funny and comfortable. It's expensive and hilarious.
But Cal Colorado keeps it at 73 no matter what time of year.
He pulls up in front of your house, apartment, high rise. Where are you? Where are you at?
Cal Colorado lives in a modest townhouse. Well-kept with a finely functioning air
conditioner. He sets down his cup of black coffee. He had TV on to like a competitor's network.
Awesome. He was idly like scratching his cat's ears. Can you tell me a little bit more about Cal?
Cal keeps a very neat home. Pretty small. It's just him. The tan line where his wedding ring was
is long gone. Really you can tell he's, he's a pretty simple guy. There's not a lot of flashy
accessories. There are a bunch of pictures along the entrance hall, like showing a long career.
Is it just him shaking hands with different people? It's him with Edward R. Moreau and Walter
Cronkite and Dan Rather on down to like Anderson Cooper. Starting out when he's just like clearly
like a pimply faced intern and going to now he's, uh, he's in his late fifties, tall man,
slim with well-kept but thinning hair. Is he a gray? Is he a gray? Is he a gray?
Spoilers. I'm about to blow this bitch wide open. Is he, uh, is he being controlled by amigo?
Didn't amigos get canceled? Are you guys still on the phone? When I said I'm gonna go get him,
I figured that was the end of the conversation. He's just describing his house to you. I'm like,
I am a simple man with austere possessions, but my memories are important to me.
And out the door, honk honk. Good afternoon, Julius. Are you ready to make some news?
I'm not sure how the last guy did it, but I'm sure I'll do just as well. Well,
Marvin left some pretty big shoes to fill, but you'll get the hang of things.
He just kind of nods and then he calls his camera man and heads to the camera guy's house.
Damn. He didn't answer the phone. Hold on.
It goes to voicemail. Hey, you've reached back. Uh, didn't get to the phone. Uh,
I guess you could try again cause I'm not calling you back.
Julius was going to leave a voicemail and then he hears that.
I keep driving to the camera guy's house. Uh, have, have you been to his house before? I
try not to go in, but yes. Is it that one? It's the one where the top floor is a little burned
out. Pull up to the house and then, uh, just jump out and go.
So inside the house, uh, you see Beck Wilder is laying a face down on his bed. Uh,
he is just in his tighty whities, pasty skin, uh, blonde hair, kind of medium length,
all messy from a fitful night of sleep. There are pizza boxes and energy drinks all over the floor.
And on a desk that has a bunch of computer monitors. When we say bed,
are we talking bed frame or mattress on the floor? Mattress on a floor. Uh,
he's on top of the sheets. Like he obviously just conked forward from a standing position
and uh, he starts to hear the pounding at the door in his dream. Oh, it's his mom has been
pounding on the door in his dream and he's been scared to answer it. And then he, oh, uh, uh,
oh shit. And he starts jumping up and he goes to his closet, he rips it open and there are
a variety of Hawaiian shirts are on the rack. But his favorite one is on the floor crumpled
and he wants to wear the favorite one. So he grabs it and sniffs it. It passes the test.
He throws it on, uh, he goes and opens the door and he still just got the tighty whities.
I really don't appreciate you making a character so obviously inspired by Luke and I.
Uh, Becca's bleary eye looking at you. Hey, uh, uh, hail Caesar. What's up dude?
Julius just kind of looks him up and down. The Caesar reference goes right over his head.
Yeah, I think we might've edited that part out. Nah, give unto summers what is summers.
Give. Is that some fucking newfangled translation? Render bitch. Oh, I, I wasn't allowed to read the
old one. Are you gonna put any pencil on? Oh shit dude. Hang on a sec. Hey,
this is a house is Dawn. Jesus. It's how tight are the whitey spilling out?
So he's standing there. Lenny Kravitzing in front of you.
Luke almost just spit out his shelter. The image immediately was perfect in my mind.
As he unfurls in front of you. Becca is still talking to you from inside the house.
Uh, so I mean like, why are you here man? Do we have something going on?
We're going to the farm. 90 seconds at the farm. All right man. Hang on a sec. And he's throwing
on a cargo shorts that have a lot of pockets. These are, these are the cargoiest of cargo
shorts. He's a real camera man. Shorts. These are real camera man shorts and he's grabbing,
first he grabs the leftover energy drink that's sitting on his desk and he takes a big swig of it
and realizes that it was from like five days ago and that wasn't the one he was drinking last
night. At least it wasn't one of the piss jugs. Also, I love that you know the difference in
tastes between a one day old energy drink and a five day old energy drink. Well, three days is the
perfectly aged Gatorade. He wipes the film off his teeth.
Yeah, that's an old one. And loads it into his camera.
Amongst this chaos though, you do see that like the computer desk that's strewn with
energy drinks and stuff, it's got the computer monitors and stuff. The actual computer monitors
and desk and stuff are impressive. It's a good high quality setup and kind of over in a corner
is where he keeps his camera equipment and it's the cleanest part of the house and he grabs two
cases. One's got the camera and one's got all of his accoutrement and he grabs a tripod and gets
it up under his arm and it's all a little disheveled as he's walking toward you. Alright
man, let's get going. Julius is already kind of overwhelmed with the day and just kind of
180s and heads back to the van. On the way out, he tries to get everything under one arm so he
can grab his lucky blue baseball cap, puts it on his head and meets you guys in the van. Hey, Cal!
Good morning, Beck. Good to see you, man! It's always a pleasure. So, uh, what are we doing?
We've got 90 seconds at the farm. You know where that is, right? Uh, the farm. I mean,
there's a lot of, uh, which, uh, I mean... Which one comes to your mind first?
The O'Carney Farm. Okay, let's get us there. Let's go. You, uh, you want me to drive?
Do you? He's got bloodshot eyes in it. Do you, uh, you want me to drive? I am actually good. Cal,
could you open the glove box? Cal is, like, kind of looking over his script and not really paying
attention and he's like, Beck is a fine driver. He would be an admirable choice. Julius opens the
glove box and he has some, like, cool, like, flame striped racing gloves in there and he puts those
on. He's like, I'm good. Cal raises a huge eye at those gloves. Just one? Eyebrow. Oh,
I thought he pulled his eye out, raised it into the air. Cal plucks his eye out of the socket
and raises it up closer to the steering wheel so he can get a good peek at Julius's sweet gloves.
Pedal to the metal for, like, two seconds and then, like, starts going the speed limit to the farm.
You peel out into a slo-mo. Into, like, a 35-40. Into a school zone.
Okay, you know that the O'Carney Farm is only a few miles out of town. Just a few mile markers
off the highway right outside of town. You're gonna hit a country road and then head off on a
two-lane farm road that, uh, shockingly has farms on either side of it. As you head down,
you see that the O'Carney Farm has a bunch of trucks and cars parked on the grass up by the
house, uh, and then to the left you see a, uh, a very quiet farm. Far, far less. Is it a bio-farm?
Are you gonna hit me with that every time I do this?
Well, it doesn't make any sense because I edited out my stupidity earlier.
No, it's there. You make me sound like the idiot. You just sound like you're genuinely asking,
oh, is it a bio-farm? On the left there's a really quiet farm. There's just one pickup truck hanging
out there. No one's out and about currently. And then on the right you see a farm, which is,
yeah, the O'Carney one, but it has a bunch of cars and trucks pulled up by the house.
More, more cars and trucks than should be pulled up at a farmhouse?
Oh yeah, I'm talking 30 cars and trucks up in front of this. Sorry.
On the way here, Beck has been putting together his camera equipment and he is now filming B-Roll
out the window. Awesome. I don't know if I should say it every time, but he, that's one of his
things is he's always filming. So think of that when you think of Beck. Think of that when you
think of Beck. Julius tries to pull the van up as close as possible to like where he thinks
a farmer would be. Do you see anybody standing with a pitchfork anywhere?
It's a nice long gravel road up to this farmhouse and parked in the grass. There are like upwards
of 30, maybe even 40 cars and trucks all haphazardly parked, but nice enough to where
no one is blocking anyone else in. As you guys approach, you see that there is a folding table
to the right of the farmhouse. And there is a man who is dressed to the farmer nines standing
behind it with a metal box in front of him with the lid wide open. He is very much a farmer,
what with overalls and a big straw hat, but you also see that he is wearing a full face mask,
like a luchador. Is it like crazy and fancy like a luchador mask or is it like... Yeah, it's got
corn all over it. For real? Yeah, it's like a corn-based luchador. Cartoon or realistic
depictions of corn? Let's go cartoon. Faces or just cartoony like clipart? Oh, it's just corn.
Faces? Like corn with faces. Is it corn people? Legitimately, my question is, was it a corn with
a face and arms and legs, a corn person? Oh, fuck. No, I like the thing I said. Corn-based
luchador mask. That's dope. Lots of kernels. And as you pull up, he's giving you a nice
friendly wave. I throw it in the park and I jump out. We're with CAN Action News. I guess I don't
have to say Action News because CAN stands for City Action News. Yes, I do. See that by the name
on the side of your van. Sir, could we borrow you for about 90 seconds? Welcome to Farm Wrestling.
Come on down. It's going to be a $5 entrance for each of you to see some Farm Wrestling. I'm the
tiller, which is funny for two reasons. One, I till the ground and till my opponent into the
ground. And two, I also fill up this till here with your $5. The tiller. I turn around and look
at Beck and Cal. Guys, I heard about this in college. I didn't think it was real. Farm Wrestling.
Beck is balancing the camera on his shoulder and trying to reach for a wallet in the cargo pants
because he's got to get that $5 out. Cal is motioning to Beck to put his wallet away while
he's just saying, a big black bug bit a big black bear. A big black bug bit a big black bear. Wow,
you nailed those. Julius turns back around to the tiller and hands him the CAN card. Oh, yes,
of course. And he pulls out his cell phone and attaches a little square on the bottom of it,
swipes and is like $15. You want to add a tip for the tiller? He looks at his companions.
It's crazy that you handed him a business card and he ran it.
Oh, it was a business card. No, I meant the credit card.
Oh, so you and I were on the same page. Why are we paying to cover your Farm Wrestling?
I don't know what you're here for. I thought you wanted to watch some Farm Wrestling.
No, no tip. Yeah, no one else did either, but it's worth a shot.
All right, welcome and enjoy your time inside. It's right around the back there.
Are you the owner? No, I'm the tiller.
You want to talk to Mario, call me if you want to talk to the owner and the real farmer of this
here farm. As he's saying that I'm kind of elbowing you and pointing at Mario.
From what I've seen, it's her. She's the Okarni that I know of.
Which is an old lady with blown out and dyed hair wearing an American gladiator
t-shirt with the sleeves cut off. Nice.
She seems to be in her mid-50s, maybe up to 60s. You're not quite sure.
Big old shout out to Curtis from Deez Moneys,
Iowa. A patron at the $10 or up level on patreon.com slash pretending pod for suggesting
a backyard wrestling arena. Thank you, Curtis.
Ma'am, did you hear what I asked the tiller? Oh, sorry. What are you guys here for?
Do you have 90 seconds to talk about the farm? As this conversation is happening,
Beck is going to already start setting up a tripod to see if he can get a good angle
of her just standing here. We don't even need to go anywhere in his eyes.
What is this for? City Action News.
Oh, yeah. And what would you like to talk about my farm for on the news?
Well, I'd like to save the specific questions for later, but it's about the company.
Fucking godels. Guys, I set it up. I think this is going to be good.
Beck is approaching her and attaching a lapel mic to her.
Would you mind just saying her name and spelling it for me?
Marielle O'Carney. Marielle, M-A-R-I-E-L-O-K-E-A-R-N-E-Y. Marielle O'Carney.
And she takes a massive swig from the bottle of Jim Beam that she had in her hand.
Nice. And then I just attach a lapel mic to Kal, but we've done this a thousand times.
We don't even need to communicate.
Kal is combing his hair as you do that.
Yeah, there you go.
Julius is like, thanks, ma'am, and grabs the bottle out of her hand and just kind of walks
inside of the camera. She accepts.
And like, as I'm walking off, I kind of like point her at the camera.
I go behind the camera and I'll do a, I'll go to you with a silently, a five, four.
I'm here at the O'Carney farm. Not many trains come by through.
Hey guys, fuck it. Let's cut it again.
Hold on. I'm sorry.
Got a piss.
We're doing a lot of pissing.
That's what we're good for here. An old P-T-B-P.
Stands for pissing.
We're, uh, we're going one at a time. I just decided that.
Pissing.
Pissing.
The best piss.
Pissing the best piss.
Pissing the best piss.
Farm wrestling.
That's one of the words that you use to warm up.
Yeah.
Cal, I love it too, but that's not why we're here.
I'm here at the old O'Carney farm.
Muriel O'Carney has been running this place with her family for four generations.
But now, thanks to changing times, she's forced to do the unthinkable.
She hosts violent combats on her property just to make ends meet.
Muriel, when did these farm wrestling matches begin?
I wanted these men to all meet each other and have a nice place to wrestle for fun.
My son, Mitch, is a big fan of wrestling and he loves his wrestling mask.
He actually, he loves his wrestling mask so much at a young age, he started having sex with it.
And then eventually, the mask actually became pregnant and had a baby.
I didn't even know he was fucking his mask, but now it's apparent.
Cal is a professional, so he's kind of like motioning to his crew like,
we gotta cut all this, we gotta cut all this.
In the footage, you would see that the camera dips down kind of wildly when she dropped the curse word.
It's pointed at the ground right now.
She's kind of like laughing to herself and her eye is kind of like twitching a little bit.
You can tell that she is intoxicated, even though she's very good at holding her liquor.
Muriel, maybe we steer more towards the Godel company.
Yeah, okay.
The camera comes back up and he gives you another quick count in, it starts at three.
And ma'am, my producer didn't mention it, but you should probably watch the language.
Oh yes, so sorry, sir, Mr. Colorado.
Oh, a fan.
Yeah, good to see you on top still.
A pretty sharp pained look comes across Cal's face.
It's quickly replaced by a professional smile.
And he says, Muriel, many local farmers are selling out their land to the Godel company,
a major player in agribusiness.
You are one of the last holdouts in the area.
What keeps you here?
For that, I guess I'd have to walk you back if you'd like.
Come on back here.
And she kind of motions the camera and you as well toward the back of the farmhouse.
Beck goes ahead and takes the camera off the tripod, but he's following your guys's lead.
Cal Colorado is going to stay in the frame no matter what he does.
Come with us as we explore a vanishing lifestyle in this America.
As you guys pass around the back of the farmhouse, you see that there is a tarp
strewn over the back door as a makeshift tunnel for wrestlers to make their entrances.
And there is a farm DIY wrestling ring set up right near this tarped tunnel
in which there is a wrestler dressed as a crab, also wearing a luchador mask with the sign of,
I don't know, the cancer sign for...
Which one's the 69?
That's the one.
He's got a big old 69 on his face, I guess.
Gemini, right?
Oh, wait, what?
I thought that was the crab.
Well, one's his moon, one's his son.
Oh, I hate it.
I don't know what any of it is.
Yeah, cancer is the 69.
Oh, nice.
Yeah, cut me out.
So on the mask, the 69 is around the two eyes, but besides that, fully dressed as a crab,
even including claws on his hands.
The other wrestler is extremely patriotic, just stars and stripes all the way through.
And she leads you back there and she yells out to this crowd of 50 to 80 people.
What do you guys think about the Godel company?
The entire crowd turns and looks at Mariel with reverence.
They all start chanting.
Fuck Fred Godel!
Fuck Fred Godel!
Fuck Fred Godel!
I'm looking at Beck and I'm like, stoked, just stoked.
Beck is doing a panning shot of all the crowd.
And then toward the end of the panning shot, he's getting really up close to one of the
more vehement, sweaty, spittle, coming out of the mouth shots of a person who's just
red-faced and angry yelling this.
Oh, yeah.
And she's got pigtails on the top of her head on either side, and she's just screaming
into the camera, Fuck Fred Godel!
So I would say that's what I think about the Godel company.
Powerful words.
Beck hears that she is now talking again on his headphones, that he's always got around
his neck at the least, but they're on his ears at this point.
So he whips back around to get her in frame with Cal.
What do you think about that, Cal?
I'm not paid to think, ma'am.
I'm paid to report.
Well, did we give you what you need?
Oh shit, 90 seconds.
Wrap it up, wrap it up.
No, very little of what you presented to us here today is usable or fit for network television.
Did you pay?
Yes.
Well, you're free to stick around if you want to.
And she walks back to the wrestling ring.
The camera more focuses on you and starts to zoom a little.
A confusing scene here in the countryside outside the city, at once a mix of vibrant
folk culture.
Where does he want to go with this?
I mean, you don't have a teleprompter here.
So give me some outlines so I can script some of these in advance.
What we're going to be doing.
If I'm being honest, I had no idea this was going to happen.
Oh, you didn't know we were going to farm wrestling?
No, I knew you were going to farm wrestling.
I had no idea they were going to be so abrasive.
That was your call.
Yeah, it felt right.
Doesn't mean I planned it.
Anything for it.
You guys are going to be a news crew and you're going to go and interview people, but they
don't want to be interviewed.
That actually, that actually is what, what Cal addresses.
He, he motions to Beck to like put the camera down and he, he approaches like Muriel without
the microphone.
Ma'am, you have an opportunity to get your side of the story out today.
Now, so far with the profanity and well, frankly, a lot of those men are covered in blood.
We can't show that on our family network.
Do you want to give us something we can use?
She sighs and I'd like you to roll persuade.
First roll.
First roll of the second season.
It's an 86.
He has an 80 persuade, but he doesn't quite make it.
Well, let's talk about luck real quick.
I have given you each a one point of luck to start this campaign with.
And when I say point, I mean that you have luck.
We are doing luck in a slightly different way than we've played in the past.
So it might take us a little bit to remember it all, but you either have luck in this game
or you do not have luck in this game.
If you do have luck, then when you roll after you've rolled, if you would like to use your
luck, you can switch your tens dice and your what's the other one called?
Hundreds.
No, single single.
Singles.
Your ones dice.
You can switch the tens and the singles dice in order to perhaps create a success.
In this situation, the 86 would indeed turn into a 68 and that would lend itself to a success.
Also, I will be giving luck for sweet character play and moments.
Please ask me for luck if I don't give it to you.
And the kissing thing, right?
You told us about the kissing thing.
That if we gave you a kiss after the session, you'd give us our luck back.
And what did I say about that kiss, Joe?
It had to be good.
It had to be sweet.
Tonguey.
He said sweet like cherry pie, I think.
So that's a pretty easy way to do it.
I was banking on that because I did that anyway.
I had a garlicky breakfast.
It's unfortunate you did that, Joe, because you did already have the luck starting out.
So just think of it as practice.
A wasted sweet little kiss.
It wasn't wasted on me.
I'm going to spend that luck, turn that into a 68.
As Cal sees his words fall flat, he just gives her a huge wink with his piercing blue eyes.
The animal magnetism switches something in her brain.
That's the Cal I know.
Cal can be on top.
And she looks up at you.
Again.
Damn it, Cal.
I miss you being the anchor, Cam.
I do too, Mrs. O'Carney.
All right, well, let's go over here with a nice shot of the farm in the background
and say something nice for the people, huh?
I would surely appreciate that.
Beck follows her lead and he notices that she's got a good eye for what is pretty on her farm.
She set herself up in a good spot with rolling fields behind her.
The edge of the farmhouse is there to get a sense of perspective.
She set up a nice shot and I follow her lead.
The corn is swaying in the breeze.
Crabs are walking by.
It's a corn and crab farm.
Right.
That's why the wrestlers were corn and crab guys.
I'm not selling my damn farm to no Godel.
All right, let's do this.
Mariel O'Carney.
This farm has been in your family for four generations.
The Godel company has been purchasing many of your neighbor's properties.
You are the last holdout in the area.
What keeps you here?
Well, I'll tell you one thing, Cal.
I don't appreciate someone who has been given everything that they have coming in
and trying to use that privilege to buy up what is rightfully mine
and has been, like you said, in my family for four generations.
I am not going to sell to Fred Godel because I do not trust him.
I think he is a snake of a businessman
and I think he is bad for both the economy and the world at large.
Kind of leans in and he's like,
could you just say the Godel corporation instead of Frank Godel?
Well, Frank is Fred's dad who actually put in the work.
I would respect it if Frank was around,
but he's no longer mentally capable to run the Godel company,
which is why his idiot son has taken over.
Sorry, I'll do that again.
I don't want to sell my land to the Godel company
because they are ruining America.
As she stares straight down the camera.
How are they ruining America?
In my opinion, they are taking the ability to make a living for oneself
out of the hands of those of us who have been doing the living for ourselves for generations
and feeding America.
Are you comfortable, Cal, with one person being in charge of feeding America?
Julius is doing the wrap this up, don't answer that.
No, Cal was never going to answer that.
Are you dodging the question, Cal?
Are you not here for the truth?
Ma'am, I am only here for the truth,
but I'm not the one who answers the questions.
I ask the questions and the people seem to think I do a pretty good job.
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah, Colorado, you can ask me a question.
Hold on, I got to think of a question now.
I was going to mention, ask her opinion on her neighbors selling their land.
Does she fault them for it?
Great question.
And maybe even why she thinks that they sold, that kind of thing.
Yeah.
Do you fault your neighbors who have already sold to the Godel company?
Good question.
Hey, thanks, Zach.
No, unfortunately I don't.
It's none of my business.
They can do with their land what they want to do.
I'm going to do it my land, what I want to do.
Are any of them here today?
Yeah.
And she points over at one of the guys watching the match.
He's just dressed in like super normal clothes.
He's car hearted out.
That's a typhus.
We already have typhus.
Oh, sorry.
Typhoid barge.
We're playing Star Wars, right?
Exactly.
Typhoid barge.
Such a good Star Wars name.
That's great.
Cholera candlestick.
Yeah, there's a...
That's the lupus mcmanus.
It's never lupus.
Well, Jesse's over there.
He sold the lemon farm like a week ago.
Muriel, is there anything else you want the people to know?
No.
You are doing the wrap up thing you were saying earlier and Beck is doing the stretch out thing.
Like kneading dough above your head.
Pulling it out, pulling it outward.
Oh yeah, that's not kneading.
Julius goes around you to not get in the shot,
but he goes over and is going to go talk to Mr. Lemon.
Nice.
As Julius Summers approaches, Jesse, Lemon.
Wow, you'd go just not far outside the city and people get real country.
Real fucking over the top.
We're just over the train tracks.
Did you hear that tiller guy?
That tiller guy sounds like he fucking lives in the swamps in Louisiana.
One of those contention hicks.
As you guys are like making your way around,
you hear him talking in his normal voice to someone.
So anyway, I am called the tiller because not only do I till my soil,
but I also control the till.
Succinctly said.
To which Jesse Lemon's response.
You sure do control the shit out of that till tiller.
Yee-haw.
Do you touch him?
Sorry.
That's a leading question.
How do you approach Jesse Lemon?
Do you touch him?
Do you touch him?
Objection.
Leading the win.
As you caress the small of his back.
You walk up behind him and blow on his neck.
Big circle, little circle, question mark dot.
Open up.
Did you guys ever do that?
Was it make the chills happen on the back of somebody?
Carry on Luke.
I didn't know if that was like your alphabet trick for eating pussy.
Big circle, little circle, question mark dot.
Julius walks up to Jesse Lemon.
He tries to whistle, but he can't.
Julius is like super intrigued by the like wrestling match.
So he walks up to Lemon and what are these guys' names?
We got miss cap and crustacean down there.
And cousin Sam.
And cousin Sam.
We got cap and crustacean versus cousin Sam.
Sir, what do you like to be on TV?
Oh, about what now?
I hear that you recently came in to a lot of money.
And that's what you would like to talk to me about?
Well, specifically, the decision to do that.
I said a lot of money.
What do I need to tell you about?
I made a lot of money.
Cal will be asking you some questions.
Cal reaches out and spits you with a shake.
Cal Coran!
And he spits in his hand and then shakes with his other one.
He spits in his left hand and shakes you with his right hand like a normal person.
Cal gamely spits in his left hand and shakes.
Yeah, that's sick!
Because he's got the personal touch.
Beck has got the camera set up and he's lapeled you.
And if I could just get you to say and spell your name, please.
Yeah, that's right, J-C-D-E-A-J-C, Lemon, spelled like a fruit.
I like to think that the background is literally just the wrestling ring.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that's good.
He's already looking at the camera and he's like,
I sold all my property for a whole lot of money.
To the God Company!
Thank you, God Company!
Beck, after he lets him finish and then says to him,
if you'll address your questions to Cal there,
he's the one that's going to be talking to you.
You don't have to look down the barrel.
Okay, before we start, making sure everybody's ready.
Headphones on.
Beck is momentarily like, fuck, do I have them on?
And he goes and pats, yeah, we're good to go.
Okay.
Immediately, you see Jesse has a streak of terror run through
his entire body, his face goes pale and he starts sweating
as he's just staring at the headphones that are on the ears of Beck Wilder.
Why did I bring up the headphones?
Beck goes to swat at him, do I got something on me?
Hey, bro, tell me what's going on.
Every time you're touching him, he's just kind of like squirming as he's standing.
It's like a physical reaction.
Beck takes him fully off to look at him.
As you're holding him closer, he backs up.
Beck notes that and he just slowly puts them back onto his head
and then does hands up like they're done.
You see in Jesse's eyes that he is not aware of the terror that just struck across him.
And he looks at Cal and he says, are you ready for an interview or what are we doing here?
Mr. Lemon, do you have some issue with our equipment?
Which part of the equipment?
Beck's headphones?
As you say the word headphones, he shudders to the point where he almost falls over
and is like, wow, sorry about that.
Yeah, Cal reaches out to steady him.
I've been having a bit of drinking today, having some fun.
It's Saturday afternoon straw.
Can I human this reaction?
Yeah, of course.
64, which is a pass.
It's a pass because you rolled under your skill of?
70.
Fantastic.
And so as you pass, you see that there is a pure unconscious terror in this man
directed toward headphones for some reason that he is not seemingly aware of.
Yeah, well, we've all been there.
Mine do have demon faces painted on the sides.
Mr. Lemon.
Name's Jesse.
Thank you so much for having me.
Tell us if you would, why you sold to the Godel company?
Well, you offer me a lot of money and you don't see a Mark Zuckerberg or Jeff Bezos
or a Fred Godel around very often.
Now, do you?
When it came to my property and made me do, I couldn't quite refuse you.
Not good at that.
What sort of deal did you make?
Well, you offered me a whole lot of money.
Not going to tell you how exactly much, but enough to where I was ready to sell pretty
much merely.
Between you and me, Mr. Lemon.
How much money was it?
Well over what it is worth, in my opinion.
Was it well over what it was worth in a real estate assessor's opinion?
My goodness, you are a very prickly fellow, are you not?
When it comes to money, I will tell you.
You seem like a nice man, I'll just tell you.
My farm is roughly estimated to be worth about 1.2 million dollars.
This man came into my own home and offered me 2.5.
A generous offer to be sure.
Indeed, it's enough for me to live off of for the rest of my life.
If you invested wisely.
Well, I doubt that.
Fair enough, Mr. Lemon.
My money don't go in no bank, my money don't go in no crypto.
My money stays right with me.
Julius Summers is trying to imagine how many jet skis this guy has bought.
Is Julius Summers also thinking about how much crypto he could buy?
2.5 million?
And it's way more than he currently owns, which is still a lot.
This is June 18th, it's not the past.
Crypto is crashing right now.
Right, he has deleted his crypto app off of his phone so that he doesn't look at it.
Oh, is that a little...
That's actually Luke.
Is that a Luke detail?
I diversify my portfolio across my pockets.
Well, that is a folksy if impractical method.
Do we have anything else we want to ask this guy?
Does he have to leave or are they paying him to maintain the land now?
As surfs.
Mr. Lemon, what does the Godel company want with your land?
Are you still on it or have you moved?
He gave me about a month to get everything cleaned up.
You see, I'm right over there.
He points across the street where his old pickup truck is the only thing seen on his property.
He's like, yeah, I'm just literally right there.
So I'm just selling off all my equipment.
They said they didn't want none of it, they just want the land.
So I'm just selling everything else off and then I'm going to take off to who knows where, maybe Greece.
Is there anything growing on the Lemon farm right now?
No.
No, it's not a crab in corn form.
Damn.
One of the crab tanks is broken and some of our carnies crabs are scuttling across the road.
Some of them make it.
Some of them frogger.
Jesse Lemon's off to explore Greece.
The Godel company gave me myself lemon and I'm going to go to Greece and make lemonade.
That was rad.
Bec's giving you like enthusiastic thumbs up.
Yeah, Julius is doing the like, that was perfect.
Cal is stoked that he said that and just says, Mr. Lemon, enjoy the wrestling.
Cal, Colorado reporting from Okarni Farm.
And we're out.
Do you think you can edit that to 90 seconds?
Jesse Lemon, how do you eat pussy?
Question Mark Dye puts a little baby in a spiral.
And I'm a big fan of Kendrick Lamar.
Question Mark Dye puts baby in a spiral.
Now all that pussy talk has to stay in.
Not all of it.
Just a taste.
