Welcome to the Bone Zone, my skeletons.
We gather only the finest of bones to provide for y'all.
Big bones, little bones,
those super thin weird bones that gross you out
when you devour a chicken's roasted carcass.
Them fish bones that people swallow.
Corn bones, teeth bones, you know the ones.
And I am rattling at y'all live from 694.2 PTBP.
It's your bone daddy, Wolf the dog,
here to make your ear bones quiver
with otherworldly vibrations.
Something's making my damn bones quiver.
Oh shit, it's this week's Howlin' with Wolf.
And this week's HWW comes from Kate in Limestone, New York,
who tweeted about the show and tagged at Pretending Pod.
A very easy and helpful thing to do.
Go on, do it for ol' Wolfie.
Kate from Limestone, New York writes,
I wanna thank the PTBP gang for confirming to my coworkers
that I am exactly as fuckin' weird as they thought.
And shout out to Mickalyn for introducing me
to this absolute shit show in my newest hyper fixation.
You're one of the best humans I could know.
I can't wait to hear these idiots fuck up next episode.
And remember, they are watching even when you aren't.
Well, I heard from a little producer
that it's Kate from Limestone's birthday today.
And you know what that means.
Wait, do y'all know what that means?
I'm unfamiliar with a birth day.
And what people do about them.
Well, Kate, thanks for writin' in regardless.
And I hope your birthday is one in which things happen
that humans generally desire.
If you wanna write up somethin'
for your bone-filled wolf to how,
tag at Pretending Pod on Twitter or Instagram.
Tag Pretending to be People on Facebook.
Or even better, write up a five-star review
on the podcast app of your choice
and send us the receipts.
Or even best, write up that five-star review
on whatever app you use and post that garbage
on your socials on Reddit
or on a local coffee shop tech board.
Wherever, just make sure we hear about it.
Now, listen to this.
Apparently, a Zatch of some sort
took over my airwaves recently, which is...
It's fine.
He at least had some cool news.
The good people here at PTBP will be matching
all new and upgrading Patreon subscriptions
for the month of December.
And they're takin' that doubled amount
and donating it to a crisis cold weather shelter
in a place called Springfield, Missouri
to help keep the folks in their community warm
during the upcoming winter months.
The shelter is openly accepting of all genders,
open on all nights when the temperature is dangerously cold
and oh, that's right, they'll also shelter them pets.
So go on, join the Patreon.
Links in the show notes.
Help those pretending to be people boys
help the folks in their community
who are showin' up and doin' the hard work.
Links in the show notes.
Last year, the Patreon went up $400.
We matched that and donated $800 to the shelter.
This year, it's already up over 250 bucks.
We're well on our way to toppin' last year's donations.
Thanks to y'all.
Links in the damn show notes.
Plus, available for patrons ear holes,
the 38th exclusive episode is a
Contention PD Halloween special called
It's the Butterfinger Bandit Keith Beans.
The boys play child versions of their season one characters
to solve a spooky mystery.
Now, please ignore, explore, and or adore
the spooky nature of my omniscience.
It's time for the news.
Last time, the boys done fucked up.
Big surprise, right?
Apparently, that Zach being does a decent recap,
so no need for me to double dip.
I'm just here to exalt Alter Girl with
My Life is Great and It's All My Fault.
It's all my fault
Cause my life is great
And it's all mine
Cause my life is great
And it's all my fault
It's from the meat juice they put in there.
They rung out of horse for it.
Oh, man.
Give me that horse juice.
I'm late to this.
I didn't see the Channel 5 Chad Hanks interview
during White Boy Summer.
It's actually, I get him now, I think.
Like, I understand.
Not like, I kind of saw that take coming, I guess, but.
Not that he's not an idiot, not that, but like.
Wait, Thomas, put your shirt back on.
No.
Oh, are we recording?
Yeah, do the Denzel voice.
30 Seconds of Silence.
Are we fucking?
Did I just say I like Chad Hanks on you?
Did we record that?
Okay, you gotta delete that.
You gotta, you can't.
No, I didn't say I liked him.
I said I get what, I get why.
Yeah, you just said you liked him
and you're apologizing for saying you get him.
It was clearly a bit, Your Honor.
So, what do you say?
Do I delete all this or do we do 30 Seconds of Silence?
If you delete it, it's not relevant enough anymore.
Would have been fucking hilarious.
I think it's up to Joe.
12 months ago.
It doesn't matter that it's out of date
because you opened it with this is,
I'm just now seeing it, but I thought it was funny.
Yeah, I get it was in context for the fact that.
What do you think, Luke?
Do you think it should stay in?
I like Tom Hanks.
Now that we've recovered from that mess,
it is episode 18.
What's your favorite Colin Hanks appearance?
Orange County.
Yeah, it's a good one.
Don't you think that Tom Hanks knew in his bones
when he named Chet Hanks, Chet Hanks,
that he would be a country music star?
Oh, yeah.
And then this happened.
He didn't see the other way it could go.
They didn't make these kind of Chets back then.
That's right.
The future didn't exist yet.
Yeah.
It was the brand new model.
There was no way to foresee.
It's really unfortunate for Chet and the world.
It's unfortunate for Tom.
I think Chet is expressing himself to his fullest.
He is living his truest life.
More words of support from Thomas Cox.
I don't support Chet Hanks.
I don't like Chet Hanks,
but after watching an interview,
I get why he is like he is.
It's episode 18 of season two,
but more importantly, as of three nights ago,
we've been recording for five years.
December 1st.
And we've been releasing for four years.
That's insane.
Did that one actually happen in November?
Which one?
Releasing.
No.
I think I uploaded three episodes early,
but then we were like,
it's December 1st is when it actually officially dropped,
because we started recording on December 1st,
and that's when season one starts on December 1st,
because of the calendar.
You have to do that.
Yeah.
That is actual play legal.
When Gary Gygax received the original...
Who?
Gary Gygax?
That's a cool name.
That's his name, right, Joe?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
You know who that is, right, Zach?
When Gary Gygax received the original rules of D&D from God,
it included that very specific fucking condition
that the day it is today is the day you're roleplaying.
The day it is today is the day that you're roleplaying.
It's what it said on the tablets from Mountain Doom.
Which he had to translate on his own
and no one else could look at the handbooks from God.
Are you implying he didn't do it faithfully,
or he did it to some advantage for himself?
I'm saying I think it might all be made up.
Listeners, this is the closest this podcast has ever come to ending,
as I don't know if we can continue on as friends.
Certainly not roleplaying partners after.
Are your guys' hands sweaty?
My hands are the sweatiest they've ever been.
I'm nauseous.
I'm going to have to change gloves.
Don't spill the sweat out of those.
Dude, I was watching Shark Tank
and this one guy was selling this poncho that...
That catches your blood sweat?
That catches your body sweat when you work out,
and the fucking commercials he was showing them.
So you can drink it afterward?
No, it's to help lose body weight
if you're trying to get in a certain weight class or whatever.
And some people just like to see how much they sweat.
Yeah, they did this on Jackass.
Would that be his whole...
It was that, but yeah, it was his thing that he was selling.
It's just a heavy sweater.
But in the video he showed of people using it,
it was literally people afterwards dumping the sweat out
and it was vile.
I might have said this before on this podcast,
that that's one of the only gags from Jackass
that made me gag in real life.
All the gross shit that they've ever done,
it was something about the sweat suit that got me so grossed out.
It was so disgusting, dude. I hated it.
And then Mark Cuban bought it.
But wait, so is this guy's whole marketing thing?
Is it some people want to see the sweat?
Is that the whole thing?
If Mark Cuban bought it, that means enough people out there
do want to see.
But it was like to lose water weight
if you're like a wrestler or something
trying to make weight,
and then you've got to weigh it.
I've seen people do that,
where they tape off their pant legs and stuff like that,
their sweat pants and stuff,
to just keep it all in there.
One of the guys was like,
how many people is that, though?
That can't be much.
He's like, a lot of people will just buy it
to see how much they sweat and look at their sweat.
It's 13 people, but they're all really rich.
I don't want to say.
Mark Cuban was like, oh no, I totally get that.
I want to point out,
Thomas has been making a face this whole time
like he wants one.
I don't want to, no, no, no.
I don't want to say Mark Cuban is an infallible businessman
and never makes mistakes.
That's not why I think
maybe there's something else going on here.
What I think is going on is that
maybe once every season or two,
Mark Cuban will buy a bad product
and then bring that person into his life
just to prank his other billionaire friends.
And he funds the idea to a ridiculous amount,
but it's really all a Clooney-esque, pretty cruel.
Like dinner for schmucks?
Yeah, it's pretty much dinner for schmucks.
But he shits in the guy's litter box.
Oh my God, what if all the sharks do it?
What if one season they fund a schmuck?
I would watch that season.
Oh my God.
They have a private schmuck-off
where they see how far they can get the product
they think is the dumbest.
Speaking of charity, for the month of December.
I'll give you a million for one percent.
How's that, Seth?
And a special invitation.
Donations?
Oh, charity?
It starts at home.
That's why.
That's why.
In the month of December,
we're going to take all new and upgrading subscriptions
on our Patreon over at patreon.com slash pretending pod
and we are going to match that increase
and we're going to take that double the amount
and we're going to donate it to a crisis cold weather shelter
here in Springfield, Missouri
to help keep people in our community warm
during these cold winter nights.
Got to be able to sleep in the warm.
Yeah, it's only open when it's under 32 degrees.
It takes all genders.
From what we could see when we were doing our research last year,
it seemed to be a really reputable and solid organization
doing really good work in our hometown.
It gets cold here and we're,
a farmer's almanac says that we're in for a real cold winter.
Farmers almanac.
What's the thing where you cut it and the inside-
The persimmons, yeah.
Apparently those were showing the spoon shape.
I think that was the thing that tells you it's cold.
Yep, that's how they do it.
Spoon persimmons.
In science land.
We also-
Wait.
What?
We have a very large-
Is that bio-farming?
Yeah.
House-less population in Springfield
who are not served very well by our city government
or the state government.
Yeah.
So there's a lot of people who really need it.
Yeah, and it's really rad.
We've got some extremely progressive churches
who have come together to put this together
and we're here to help support people doing good shit.
It's been under 20 degrees-
A lot.
10, 12 times in the past couple weeks here.
I get it.
We should have done it in November.
That's my bad.
No, no, no. I just mean-
It's going to get worse.
It's going to get worse.
It's going to get worse.
It's just going to get worse.
There's a little wrinkle to this one.
Oh, there is a little wrinkle to this one.
I thought we'd try to bump those numbers
that way we could send them a fair amount of cash.
We're doing a raffle this time around.
R-r-r-raffle.
Raffle.
You can win.
I hope I win.
He hopes he wins.
I hope I win.
No, I'm saving that for Jesus.
That's right.
Like when he comes back.
When he comes on your back.
Soon.
Yeah.
Soon.
Enter me.
Yeah, you should let Jesus into you.
A resurrection.
Her heart?
There's a left behind joke here.
Res-e-rection?
Is that what you're trying to say?
He just-
A resurrection.
A res-e-rection.
A res-e-rection.
Wow, we're going to have to cut out so much of this fucking-
Every $5 newly subscribed or upgraded Patreon subscription will get you one entry into the
raffle.
We're going to do three raffle winners at the end of December.
Two of you will receive a PTBP t-shirt, any design you want from the merch store or the
season one Patreon exclusive merch or the season two Patreon exclusive merch, which
we're dropping this month in December and will be available to patrons in January.
And it's really cool.
And it's fun.
It's really fucking cool.
Sick.
Is it though?
And we are going to have the third winner either receive a shirt, if you want that you
can have a shirt, or if you'd prefer-
You can write a song and we'll use it as the theme song.
I mean, sure.
Should we start doing that?
That's pretty fun.
Yeah, if you'd prefer that.
And it's good.
Hopefully you know how to do that.
If not, we'll be interested.
Oh yeah, don't-
Then get a shirt.
Let's please volunteer yourself for second and third place if you can.
Okay, let's do it.
Let's do a different option if they don't want to do the music.
Did we say what they actually get?
No, we haven't said what they actually get yet.
If you don't want to do the music option, we'll make another one up.
Okay, what would be cool?
What if they got to-
They can play in a game with the three of you as their fellow players.
Oh, with the boys?
And I'll run it and it'll be home brewed by me.
Daddy and the boys?
Daddy and the boys.
And they only have to upgrade just like $5 to the entry?
$5 will be in one entry.
To get one entry, which is kind of cool if you're already at the $5 level and you want
to see us record those Den of Sins, you can bump up to $15, get yourself two entries.
Speaking of which, in the Den of Sin-
Wait, that already happened.
Nevermind.
Cut.
Oh yeah.
It hasn't happened, but it will have.
But if you're a Patreon subscriber at any level, you can enjoy the Patreon exclusive
campaign, the hunt for John Lee Pettymore's gold.
But gold.
But gold.
But gold.
But gold.
But gold.
The hunt for John Lee Pettymore's gold.
I'm but a gold.
Oh, it's not even that.
It's the hunt for John Lee.
The lost treasure of John Lee Pettymore.
Wow.
I really wanted it to be gold, but I couldn't find a way to logically think how John Lee
Pettymore would convert his cash to gold in the time he had alive in the world.
So it has to just be lost treasure.
But gold would be such a better title.
Anyway, the lost treasure of John Lee Pettymore.
It's a Patreon exclusive campaign.
At any level you sign up for that, you'll get episodes of that, which will be coming
out starting in December and going on for a few months after that.
And those are podcast episodes, audio episodes, and that will be the 39th one that we will
release.
So there's 39 bonus episodes over on Patreon.
Go hit that out.
Oh, and one other note.
We've got an editor here at Pretending to Be People.
Ooh.
Who is it?
Who is it?
It's our friend and collaborator.
Collaborator.
Collaborator.
Collaborator.
Collaborator.
His name is-
Is it Taylor?
No, that's not a name pun.
Nope.
He already is a collaborator.
Am I getting closer?
His name is Cole Simmons of Brat Pit and now known as Mint Fatigue.
And also what did he do?
Oh, maybe he wrote some lyrics.
Am I correct?
Music.
Or other way around, wrote some music for a certain podcast theme song?
I believe he produced and wrote, co-produced and co-wrote the music of our current season
two theme song.
My life is great and it's all my fault by all.
What a good song.
What a great song.
Hell yeah.
Great songs.
Great song for a good podcast.
Good job, Cole.
Anyway, so Cole is doing our first initial sweep of the podcast to do a nice edit through
there for me.
That way I can come on through and do the little creative edits I like to do afterwards
without spending so much of my time editing.
And I'm just so happy to have Cole here with us at Pretending to Be People.
Cole removes everything problematic we say and then Zach goes back and creatively edits
the things we actually said to make us something problematic.
AI has gotten really, really good.
It's a fun little game they like to play.
I feel like Cole is in the room with us here in a creepy way.
I know Cole in the chilies.
Also our new sponsor, Chilies.
That's enough.
Let's get into this fucking thing.
Let's start shouting out aspirational sponsors.
Aspirin.
Aspirin.
You can get your aspirational dorm room at Target.
Everything you need for back to school.
Target's a big swing.
Which was several months ago.
And coming up, depending on if you're listening to this.
Christmas!
It's Christmas at Target.
It's Christmas at Target.
You hear those sleigh bells?
Ding-a-ding-ding-ding-a-ding.
What do we have?
Fucking 45 minutes of bullshit and no podcast right now?
It's actually not as much as I thought.
We're doing pretty good.
I thought we had a solid 20 at least.
16?
That's not great.
We're headed down to 12, which isn't too insufferable.
Don't be too selective with your edits here, Cole.
Alright, let's get this straight.
You went with Stevie, the new intern and secret eldest child of Fred Godell, to an anonymously
submitted dropped pin, which had been secretly submitted by Stevie.
And that led you to a series of road signs telling you to turn around and a dead end
with a dense tree line, which was secretly a wall covered in plants and bushes and trees.
And inside was an unnaturally smooth gorge and a single simple steel train car took you
across the wildly deep and foggy ravine with strangely slick sides.
Of course, after you left behind all food and drink, which Stevie explained was secretly
a ploy by Fred Godell because caffeine makes it harder for him to affect your mind.
Which is why the train couldn't actually detect the lasagna.
Caffeine-free lasagna.
And then you finally-
Now at Target.
That's right, folks.
And then you finally got in the Can-Van, family-sized frozen lasagna for the holiday season.
And you started driving.
$14.99.
Even had a full tank of gas.
But at the very first gas station, from the one-way road to Godell's Gate to Grover's
Gorge, there at each pump, a green Range Rover, and stepping out of one while staring directly
at the Can-Van, was president of the Godell company himself, Fred Godell.
And then, quote unquote, safely, back in the city, you left God in the tied up body of
Fox Godell with Stevie, just the two of them, where else but in Cal Colorado's basement.
It's a very well-built basement.
And then you decided to keep Vivica in the room to do a better edit of the footage from
Grover's Gorge.
And she crit-failed her grip check.
Does anyone have anything they'd like to say about any of that?
I'm sorry, Vivica.
I did want to mention, in re-listening to the episode, that we all made a point not
to show her any of the God stuff.
So she's at least not as freaked in the bean as she could be.
Freaked in the bean.
You did keep her away from the God stuff.
Sorry, we thought sanity was problematic, so this season we're going to have freaked
in the bean rolls.
Brought to you by Busch's Baked Beans.
Found a target.
Freaked in the bean indeed.
She was spared, perhaps, some sort of mental break there, but the critical failure on seeing
those human-animal hybrids at the end, which were outlined by Beck Wilder in the edit,
that's really what did it.
The people animals?
Yeah, yeah, I think that more than anything.
Yeah, they were like covered in blood too.
One of them had like a pug face, but a human body.
And I was asked on Instagram by a famous pretending to be people artist, Slidewhistle.
Shout out to Slidewhistle.
Shout out to Slidewhistle.
Slidewhistle asked if the pug face was like furry, like a dog face, or if it had like
human skin flaps, but then in the shape of a pug.
Excellent question.
And I asked which was worse.
I think a little bit of fur.
And they said just the human skin with the flaps.
So it was that?
So I said that, yeah, for sure it's that.
I agree.
So that's awful.
So that's nasty.
And cute Hannah.
What if it has like real thin like Charlie Brown hair, the kind you can totally see through.
And it's just like in weird patches.
Ugh, ducky ducky.
Somebody do AI of that.
Oh, somebody do AI of that.
Somebody do AI of that.
We're no longer asking for fan art.
We're just asking for props.
The editing bay has the air sucked out of it entirely and you can all hear the blood
in your ears pounding through your heads as you see the images of the unnaturally lush
greenery and the sounds of the bones and cartilage and Julius's face being broken and rearranged.
And you're brought right back to the most dreadful and confusing place you've ever seen
on a screen, much less been to.
Back to Grover's gorge and you feel nauseous.
But this was your goal.
You technically succeeded, but how these mixed emotions land on you right now, it's really
up to the roll of the dice.
So I'm going to need a grip check from each of you.
And if you pass this grip check, the success and pride you feel in a mission accomplished
pushes through the horrific memories and cements a stronger resolve.
And you'll be able to add 1d8 to your grip and you'll be able to add 1d10 to any skill
of your choosing with an explanation of how this resolve makes you better in that skill.
But if you fail, the swirling, well, we'll get to that if you all fail there.
Yeah, I fail.
I failed.
I failed.
God, you gave us such a cool thing we could have done.
I know.
You've never given us cool shit before.
Ever.
Ever.
You never give us anything.
If you fail, the swirling mix of devastation and helplessness will overwhelm you while
you lose yourselves in the footage playing in the editing bay and you won't be able
to take your eyes off the screens and you'll miss Vivica tensing up like a horse editing
a commercial for fireworks.
You mean a dog?
You mean glue?
You're going to tense up like a horse editing a commercial for glue.
Which is what she does.
Tenses up like a horse editing a commercial for glue.
She tenses up like a horse editing a commercial for glue.
She tenses up like a dog editing a commercial for fireworks.
She's tense?
We don't see it though, right?
Yeah, we all failed.
We missed it.
Yeah, you all failed.
So, wrapped up in your own sort of situation, she tensely continues the edit and wraps
up.
Okay.
Wow.
Yeah.
Wow, right?
Like, it's really something, isn't it?
I've never seen anything-
You handled it really well.
It's going to, I mean, this is good news, right?
Don't you think this is good?
I mean, not this is bad news, but don't you think this makes great news?
I, we're going to get promotions.
She's like holding back vomit.
Hey, hey, hey.
I know you're probably thinking right now about local Emmys and that's making you nervous,
but, well, let me say you're right to be nervous because I can't imagine anything beating
you this year.
We're talking Pulitzer.
Just looking at the computer tower, just looking at the monitors, just looks back at you, starts
shaking your head no.
I know you're a perfectionist, but I saw your cut and it's good.
We've got to get it out immediately.
People need to see this, Vivica.
I know you probably want more time with it, right?
She nods.
Typh has to see it and it'll have to go out tomorrow, right?
She's running her hands over her face and-
This is perhaps the most consequential story of the last 20 years.
This is 9-11, Vivica.
This is your 9-11.
But, like, in a good way.
I don't understand how that makes me comfortable.
Can I just throw a persuade role on this is your 9-11?
Yeah, go ahead and roll.
Yeah, I started role-playing a reasonable response.
How foolish of me.
That's a pass.
71 on an 80.
Opportunities like this don't come around very often, you're right.
Yeah, I just worry about the larger implications.
We worry about the larger implications of it not getting out, wouldn't you say?
So we're just going to, Bec, can you just burn yourself a copy there that we're going
to get sent out of the editing room over to production?
You can keep working on this for your sizzle reel.
Bec pulls out a thumb drive.
Yeah, yeah.
And I just go over and just plug it straight in and maybe kind of move her out of the way
to get to the keyboard to just go ahead and drop it over there into the thumb drive.
Does it go off without a hitch?
Roll computer.
Science.
That's a pass.
34 on a 60.
It goes off without a hitch.
I plug it out.
Vivica, this is going to be a good thing.
Like, did you see that medical device in there?
Like, I know you freaked out by, like, the scary stuff, but there's also stuff there
that's going to revolutionize the way we do medicine.
Like, it could cure cancer.
She's just stone face staring at the floor.
Vivica, are you okay?
Are you having personal problems?
I'm not having personal problems.
I'm having problems with what I just saw, obviously.
I'm fucking having problems with what I just saw, Cal.
And you're asking me if I have personal problems right now.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
You're right.
You're right.
I feel like I already dealt with some of these truths, and I apologize if we thrust this upon you, as it were.
We've had a little more time to process this than you have, apparently.
Yes, exactly.
But we didn't want to go to anybody but you with this, Vivica.
You're the best in the business.
It had to be you.
We thought you would be, you know, strong enough to handle it versus hiding it from you.
And you would really do it justice.
And you have.
It's a good edit.
It's a great edit.
This is what this is, Vivica.
This is justice, putting this out in the world.
You saw what they did.
You saw the footage from the It Pit.
It has to be out there.
Fine.
So we're probably going to have, like, seven or eight different days where we show this footage.
So maybe, you know, adrenaline if you're not tired.
Any kind of motions towards, like, her workstation.
Or if you need to, you know, get some rest.
I'll be right back. I'll be right back. I'll be right back.
We're handling this well.
As the door closes behind her.
What time is it right now?
What, like 2.30 in the morning?
Oh, okay. So there's no way my uncle is here right now?
No. No, he's at the bar still, at least.
Well, in the city, they stay up until, like, five sometimes.
Well, and he wasn't at...
Especially if you call it a private club.
If you have the proper permits.
Luke, he also wasn't at work today.
Yeah, and he's not answering texts, right?
That's right.
Didn't somebody tell us that he was going to a meeting or something?
Somebody at least gave a reason for his absence.
Yes, he was at a meeting at City Tower.
It's a big tower that looks like a T.
No.
Vivica is in the bathroom, and the three of you have wrapped up this edit.
Good job. Good job, man.
I can't wait until I see it on TV.
Do you guys, like, after seeing how Vivica reacted,
have any, like, second thoughts now?
Like, that's gonna...
What just happened is gonna happen all over the city,
and then we're not gonna be there to help talk him down.
I think maybe that's the kind of outrage we need to fight against Grover's Gorge.
Was it outrage or abject terror?
I think our audience is smart enough to decide for themselves.
We try to not hold their hands, or at least we did when I was an anchor here.
I think... I think we can trust them.
I'm just saying...
People will recognize.
Vivica's, like, a hardened, like, professional who's edited, like,
everything that's come through here, and she's never had a reaction like that.
Are you afraid of success, Clark?
Who's Clark?
Cal, are you okay?
It's me, Beck.
Seriously, are you okay?
I'm... I'm... I'm fine, Beck.
Are you fine? Are you afraid of success?
I don't know. I guess if that... Maybe I am.
If it's, like, success on one hand, and, like, you know,
people not being able to live in the world that we present them as fact now,
I don't know which is worth it.
I didn't go through all that to not have a producer credit in this,
so I think it's going up.
What if we take another pass at it, and, like,
maybe just take out a few of the more mind-blowing things?
Maybe the animal people come out, and we save that for later?
Perhaps you might be on to something.
A whole week of series progressively leading up to...
He's into it.
Hey, Julius, this will increase numbers.
Absolutely.
As we tease the real things.
But it will also, yes, perhaps,
anesthetize the population to some extent
against the kind of surely atypical reaction we've seen here.
At that exact moment, the glass door that goes in,
the frosty glass door that leads into the editing bay,
it's a pole, and it is being pushed as a body slams into it,
and then disheveled opens the door, flinging it open,
and you see Kurt, you guys would know Kurt.
He's in his thirties, but he looks older,
his eyes are sunken in,
and he's wearing a disheveled can windbreaker.
He's got big curly hair on top,
and as he kind of pushes in,
you see he's got an old TCN polo
underneath his can windbreaker.
You know, Kurt goes around and shops wild videos
to different news agencies that he's taken
throughout the late evening of night,
and he kind of flings the door open,
and is like, boys, I got something for you.
Oh, let me get the voice.
Oh, I was glaring at you in character,
not because I disapproved of your voice choice.
Boys, welcome.
Boys, boys, welcome to daddy.
Oh, boy.
Is that your entry phrase, to this voice?
Boys, welcome to daddy.
Welcome to daddy.
No, I'm back in it.
Welcome, welcome, welcome.
Boys, welcome to daddy.
It is I, Kurt, typical American guy.
I want to be your dad.
I am Kurt.
What's the voice?
He flings the door.
He flings the mic in Luke's face.
He flings the mic.
Sorry, Cole.
He flings the door open.
Hey, it's me, Kurt.
Hello.
Hello, it is I, Kurtis.
Call me daddy.
Oh, no.
No, thank you.
Wrong editing, babe.
Guys, it's Kurt, the mute nightcrawler.
He walks in and hands you a notepad.
Where you guys crawl on it.
What do you want, Kurt?
No, it says welcome to daddy.
I grabbed the video from him and pop it in and see what it is.
He flings the door open.
Hello, boys.
You must call me daddy because I have footage that you are going to really love.
Oh, your mind may not be prepared to handle the footage that I have for you this evening.
I want you to prepare.
Hey, Kurt.
Hello, Kurt.
We're not going to call you daddy.
We tell you that every time.
I don't know why, but also, we have some...
Oh, Julius.
Oh, Julius, no.
I just only recently met him.
I thought it was just...
No, Julius, he gets every new employee.
He introduced himself to me as daddy.
Oh, Julius, no.
Oh, this is very disappointing.
Julius feels dirty.
Kurt, you ought to be ashamed.
He's just winking at Julius.
Julius, I'm sorry.
This is Kurt.
He's a weirdo, a bad coworker, and a nightcrawler.
Whoa, hey, come on.
He's a nightcrawler.
Well, let's see what you've got.
We're probably pretty full up this week, but let's see.
Yeah, this might be the last time you see us down in the non-executive editing bay.
That's not a real thing, but we're on the up and up is what I mean.
But let's see what footage you have.
Beck likes Kurt.
No.
Kurt?
Kurt, you got another tape?
You're gonna love it, especially.
It's fucked up, man.
This isn't like that fish man from the other day,
and it was just a guy taking a swim in the river, right?
If you can tell me how this is not real, that would actually help my mental state.
I don't know.
I mean, I'm sorry, Kurt.
No offense or some offense.
I don't know what might help the mental state of a man such as you who chases ambulances
to film the grisly aftermath.
That is how it starts.
We go back to your place.
That's how it starts.
Julius pops the video in to see what's on it.
Starts with an ambulance, and you see he's sprinting up on an ambulance
as the EMTs are rushing over to a car that is flipped over on a bridge in the city,
looking out beyond this accident.
You see the city skyscape in the background.
That's what it's called.
Kyle shakes his head and turns away, like looks away.
The other two of you see a mother and daughter trapped in this car,
and one of the EMTs is running up to try to pry open the door to get the two of them.
Suddenly, out of nowhere, you hear coming out the left speakers, the audio.
A car speeding through slams into the EMT, who is trying to help accident on top of accident.
It's gruesome.
The camera zooms in.
He rushes towards them, trying to figure out what was going on.
The camera whips over behind to see where the car came from.
There's nothing, but then the camera sees people stopping on this bridge,
getting out of their cars, looking up beyond and above the camera.
The camera whips around.
It's like a bolt of lightning that's continuously striking,
or an unnaturally focused tornado.
An unholy, stomach-dropping phenomenon connects the sky above and the bridge below,
and Kurt begins running toward it, the camera bouncing up and down as he zooms,
and pulls focus onto this vibrating, humming, electric, and wet mass
that makes up this towering force of nature,
this terrifying, unfamiliar weather pattern.
Quietly to himself, but right into the microphone, Kurt states,
Perhaps this is a new fear for the future of humanity as earthquakes and volcanoes once were
for the first of our kind upon witnessing them.
And then just as quickly as a lightning bolt flashes back into nothingness,
this colossal cylinder of destruction is gone,
and Kurt makes it to the front of a confused and scared crowd to shoot the wake of this devastation,
and you all see a hole in this bridge about the size of a big revolving door at a mall,
and Kurt approaches the edge with caution.
You can hear onlookers screaming at him to get away and be careful,
but he holds his camera out over the edge and you see the choppy waters of the enormous city river below,
and there's a tugboat with a full barge, and it's too close to the changing tide.
It's fighting, resisting the new path, but whatever that was,
it punched a hole in the bottom of the city river,
and this tugboat is circling the drain smoothly at first,
and then violently, this vessel is ripped bow first,
and it plunges into the unknown followed by its barge.
Kurt doesn't move a fucking muscle,
and after about 30 seconds worth of an eternity,
the spiraling waters below slow their pattern,
and the regular flow of the city river resumes,
and as the camera zooms back out of the hole on this bridge,
you all notice the unnaturally smooth edges
where the bridge was punctured.
You hear Kurt breathe into the microphone.
The tearing nature is rough and ugly and leaves shrapnel,
and this is clearly none of those things.
He runs back, camera kind of bouncing,
you see people all lined out,
and he runs up to the first person he sees who looks like
Carrot Top.
He puts the camera on and says,
Sir, what did you see?
The person is mouth wide open, speechless.
Smart.
He runs up to the next person in the crowd.
It's a kid, and he's also mouth agape,
and he's staring at the hole,
and he's looking into the camera,
into the hole, into the camera.
Is it like a special effect?
It's like a ride,
and then it's like a mirror, right?
Yes, it must have been. Who are you here with?
I just was taking a stroll.
Your loved ones must be looking for you.
It's like the kid that Will Smith shoots
in the Men in Black testing facility,
because they're out at midnight with physics textbooks.
What the fuck are they up to?
News story, the wandering children of the city.
What, does the city have an urchin problem
that we might explore a little later?
All cities.
And he goes up to the third person.
Thomas, what do they look like?
Carrot Top.
The camera whips back around to the original Carrot Top.
Well, it's his twin brother that's standing right next to him.
Camera pans back and forth between the two of them.
Must you be silent like your brother?
What my brother said speaks for all of us, I think.
You see several more Carrot Tops in the crowd.
One of them comes up and goes,
I think we've angered God.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, this sick society
has been angering God for a long time.
Well, you might be surprised.
You might not, by what we believe.
You want to interview us some more?
Nope.
Kurt runs away.
Kurt runs away.
The camera turns off and he's like,
I couldn't get any other footage.
So, Cal, you see, has been watching
since his kind of false modesty at the start
pretty much the whole time, and he chuckles.
And he's like, okay, Kurt.
Well, that's a very nice,
is that your audition reel for Marvel
or the Fast franchise?
It's a little weird that you have a kid
point out its special effects halfway through,
but that was very well done, I suppose.
That's better than what you normally
apply yourself to, I guess.
Let's get a grip check from everybody.
See if that, see if Cal's bullshitting,
or if he actually feels that way.
Cal passes.
Beck passes.
Resilient.
Cal feels that way, which is why he said it.
I got a 99.
Beck lets out a wily, like a Looney Tunes scream
and runs out of it.
I'm back.
Who's back?
God damn it.
Clark, I'm fine.
Do you mean Keith?
Julius lets out a wily, god damn it.
What happens, Julius?
And that was just from seeing this footage.
Yeah.
Yeah, he also says, I think we've angered God.
Go ahead and roll a D4.
Nice.
It's the one with four sides.
He flipped me off.
One.
He flipped me off again.
All right, you just lose one grip.
Good.
Can Beck look at that footage
and see a time on it and try and compare
maybe what we were doing in Grover's Gorge
when this happened?
Yeah, it seems to be,
it seems to have happened roughly 20 to 30 minutes
after you left Cal Colorado's house.
Oh, no.
It just reasons.
Gotcha.
We have angered God.
Oh, shit.
Can we, from landmarks in the footage
or maybe just asking Kurt, where did this happen?
Is it the neighbor near my house?
Yeah.
Okay, I call Stevie.
Yeah, that phone.
Bing, bing.
Bing, bing.
Bing, bing.
Bing, bing.
Bing, bing.
Taylor again.
Bing, bing.
Bing, bing.
And then it goes to Stevie's voicemail.
Beck sees the look on Cal's face
and Beck starts to get the drained blood
from the head feeling.
Hi, Stevie.
Cal Colorado, City Action News.
Just wanted to check in,
see how y'all are doing in my basement.
Hope you're having a good time.
I did, you know about the pizza money I left.
I think I told you about that.
If you don't, there's $25 on the counter.
If that's not enough for pizza these days,
there is $1,500 in the front drawer of the desk in my office.
So take as much as you need.
I hope you're having a good time.
Please just let me know that everything's okay.
Thank you.
Again, this is Cal Colorado.
Good night.
Choice.
So good.
Julius has kind of rewound the video
and is on one of the lightning strike looking things.
And is just like intently just staring at it
and picking at his face.
Gross.
We got to go and check on our friend.
Beck says, remembering that Kurt's there.
We should check on our friend.
Yeah, I'm terribly sorry, Kurt.
Again, I do find this all very impressive
and certainly better than your normal filth and depravity.
You should pursue this passion for CG,
computer-generated imagery.
But we do have to go check on our friend.
I really, really hope you have a pleasant evening.
This has been Cal Colorado.
Julius was in a daze a little bit and turns around
and looks at Kurt and he's like,
what's the rate, daddy?
What's the rate, Kurt?
And he pulls out a canned checkbook.
Well, I would say for something like this,
I'm hoping for 800.
Julius writes a check for $500 and hands it to him.
The F can look like an E, the five can look like an eight.
Yep.
This'll do.
Does Julius hear him say that?
What?
And he's out.
He's like, that's just $300.
And as the three of you head out,
is that the move?
Yeah, I think Beck would want to just check on Vivica
before we leave.
Yeah.
Maybe just tap on the bathroom door.
Oh, yeah.
We have a whole new release strategy to discuss with her.
Okay, yeah.
So when you tap on the door, she immediately opens it.
Hey, Viv, I know you're having a tough time with this
and we've talked about it and...
She goes for a hug.
Oh, hey.
It's like kind of weird.
It's like not normal.
Hey, no, it's okay.
We talked about it and you're right,
that this is maybe too much too fast.
We're gonna take another pass at the edit
and we're just gonna take out some of the really scary stuff
and maybe kind of build up to it over the course of a week or two.
Prepare people for it.
You were right.
It is scary.
You were right, Vivica.
Go ahead and roll as you're saying you were right.
Beck, if you could roll alertness.
I pass a nine on a 40.
Yeah, the hug felt weird but nothing too strange
and she kind of walks out and is like...
She put a goddamn kick me sign on my back.
Okay, so I guess you send that off to production
and we'll see you in the morning.
See you tomorrow.
Yeah, we'll see you tomorrow with fresh eyes.
It's all gonna be okay.
And she's walking out the door.
I need either humant or alertness from Julius and Cal.
I pass humant.
With a?
34.
Okay.
I critically fail.
Okay.
Either within 88.
So Cal has leaned down to tie his shoe.
She kind of turns back and is like,
okay, I'll see you tomorrow.
And heads out and closes the door behind her
off of the marbleless floor in front of you.
Empty, dark outside but it's well lit in here.
Well lit?
Yeah, you can hear a vacuum going in the background
as it's like 3.30 in the morning.
Oh yeah, then the ghost of the janitor
who worked here in the 50s is vacuuming at night.
Should we go check on God?
I mean, I've got a bad feeling.
I'm worried that what we just saw in that footage
that Kirk brought is, I don't know,
did something fuck up at the God basement?
I don't think that he's still in there.
Wasn't that your neighborhood, Cal?
Oh, I mean, nearby.
It wasn't quite as nice.
The nearest bridge to get to downtown.
Yeah, yeah.
That's a lot of bridge and tunnel coming through there
but no, that's not quite my neighborhood.
Is that bridge tall enough to, you know, splat?
What do you mean?
Jump off and die?
Oh, Lord, yes.
It's actually probably the most popular suicide bridge in the city.
Yeah, it's like 83.6 yards tall.
It's on TripAdvisor.
Yeah, I mean, well, you see, the thing is
it was built in the 1880s
and there has been a lot of time for death to accumulate.
It's the subject of some local fascination.
And how far of a walk from your apartment is it?
15 minutes.
Julius just kind of looks at Beck and Cal.
Yeah, Beck is nodding at you with a grim expression.
Yeah, it could have happened, I guess.
We got to go check and make sure Stevie's okay
and I've got a bad feeling.
Here's another kicker.
We have a date with you in the hospital.
Do you want to get dropped off, me and Cal, go check it out?
No, I've got to go.
I looked it up in the rules, by the way,
and the official rules of Delta Green.
You're not conscious at two hit points.
Like, you can't even...
How could you be?
You're not conscious at one or two hit points.
Good thing I've got four.
But you roll con when you go down to one or two hit points
and if you succeed, then you're fine.
You're just unconscious.
But if you fail, you take a permanent injury
that reduces one of your stats.
It's super bad for you.
It's super bad for you.
Good thing we didn't know that when it happened to me.
Well, no, because it worked out
because you actually succeeded on your contract
to stay conscious both times, I believe.
So no permanent injury, which works out well.
And I'm up to four hit points, so we're not breaking any rules.
Yes, we're not breaking any rules.
I told them I'd be back tomorrow,
which technically I've got so many hours to get back there.
Let's go. I'll go with you.
I mean, if you're feeling up to it,
I'm just worried if a strong breeze comes through.
I think we've left logic behind long ago.
Julius takes one of the pills that the nurse gave him.
One of the limitless pills.
Because we're not using willpower points,
I think it's just going to be 3.30 in the morning.
Zach imposes a negative 40 to skill checks starting now.
Basically, you're exhausted.
Cal is exhausted.
Yeah.
Now that the energy of getting the edit done,
the excitement, all the adrenaline from today is finally worn off,
he's not sure why Vivica is so adverse
to this amazing opportunity that's been dropped in front of him.
And he just wants to go back to his apartment,
his nice apartment where nothing has happened.
God hasn't blasted through, say, the ceiling or anything.
I guess if I've got to go to sleep,
I might as well go to sleep at the hospital.
So I guess call me and let me know if Stevie's there.
Righty-o.
Okay, so you guys are going to leave and drop off Julius at the hospital
on the way to Cal Colorado's townhouse.
I need an alertness check
as you all head out the can studio in downtown city.
88 on the 70.
Wow, dude.
89.
Wow.
59 on a 40.
Cal leans down to tie his other shoe.
As you guys head out, you're pulling out of the parking lot
and you don't see.
And nothing happens.
You don't see a goddamn thing.
You don't see a couple things.
Okay, it could be worse.
Yeah.
Yeah, moving on.
I guess it'll be fun later.
And we can all look back and be like,
Whoa, it was that roll?
That's crazy.
So just remember this.
Cal forgets something he left in the office
and comes back outside.
It's not something that shouldn't have been a roll though, right?
No, it's great.
If the sky is on fire or there's people screaming and running.
No, there's people hiding from you.
Oh, okay.
Multiple people.
There's always multiple.
In any situation Zach sets up in a role-playing game,
there are multiple Waldos in each scene
that we could have been rolling to find.
And he finally remembered to ask.
And he's like, wow, interesting.
Very first time.
You don't wear...
Do you know what they call it in England?
I don't.
Do you know, Joe?
I don't think so.
It's Where's Wally?
I was going to guess Wally.
So maybe I did know it at some point.
I was hoping somebody would say it.
And then I could say,
No, it's Where's your cunt or something stupid.
But it's Where's Wally?
So you head off.
And at the hospital,
we're going to go ahead and have you stay overnight
and get some health back.
Yay.
Yeah.
So go ahead and roll a D4.
I also looked up the rules for Delta Green on this.
Apparently you're supposed to roll for the surgeon
to see if they're good enough to help you.
One.
Wow.
Surely you could also have a credit rating roll
against that to see if you can afford a good surgeon.
I actually wrote in here that he wouldn't have a good surgeon
because his health insurance with City Action News
hasn't started up yet.
Yep.
So that's why I only got one.
That's why you only got one hit point back.
So you're going to wake up up to five.
However, you do also every single night gets you-
Yeah.
Wait.
He got one back or two back when we just talked to the nurse.
Two back for talking to the nurse.
So we need to have more than one for his actual hospital stay.
That doesn't seem mechanically fair.
No, no.
Turns out the surgeon sucks.
Don't they?
Yeah, surgeon's not super great.
You absolutely should get more than one.
It should be a plus something no matter the roll.
I agree, but I'm just the handler.
Oh, this is actually-
What am I supposed to do?
This is the start of the arc where we sue the hospital for their incredible malpractice
and treating Julius.
They can also crit fail on the check.
I'm just saying it doesn't make it even worth it for him to have separated from us.
So you will get an additional one for a full night's sleep if you can succeed a con check,
but we'll have you do that after we figure out what happens at Cal Colorado's in case
they call you and are like, actually.
Okay.
So I've got one more back at the moment.
Yeah, for now.
What did they do to me?
Fluids.
And-
Seems like the nurse should have done that.
Fluids.
Fluids.
Just fluids.
One pain.
I have the little pressy button for whatever that is.
Morphine.
Morphine.
They're like, yeah, you can have morphine, I guess.
I'll sue this.
Do you know who I am?
Sue this hospital if you don't get any morphine.
You're fucking high as shit.
You're like, I'm Cal Colorado.
So yeah, I'm no pain, but I'm on the good stuff.
No pain, one gain.
On the good stuff.
Hopefully you guys don't need me.
This does feel worthless.
It does not seem correct.
It doesn't seem correct.
It could have just been like, okay, Luke, take your headphones off and when you wake
up, you're going to get six hit points or some shit.
I mean, I can read from it.
Since when have we played by the rules?
That's a super great point.
I mean, I can read from it right here.
I can quote you the regulation, Thomas.
Oh, no, I'm just kidding.
We're feisty tonight, Cole.
Should I step outside?
Yeah, I guess so.
You should go wait in the cold.
Oh, do you have a Bluetooth headphones?
I don't.
I forgot the headphones.
You can just rub your ears.
I have headphones.
I'll go outside until it's too cold.
You can go to your room.
Yeah, go to your room.
I'll go to my room.
You can put in my headphones.
I just didn't want to hear you, you know?
I'm going to go outside.
That way I can, well, I can vape in my own room too, but just let me know.
Just let me know.
All right, now that Luke is out of the room, shall we go to Cal Colorado's home?
Beep, beep, beep, beep.
Our city traffic's crazy.
Did you guys drive separately?
Beep, beep, beep.
No, we all came in the can van, right?
Yeah, we're all in the can van.
Well, I assume the can van, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, right.
Oh, you know, maybe after, yeah, Cal probably picks up his car from the parking lot, like
where he left it before we headed out to Grover's Gorge.
Yeah.
How, like two days ago or whatever?
Today, earlier today.
Just, I mean, yesterday according to the time law, time law.
Classic time law.
International time law.
Time law, not van law.
But yeah, so it says July 6th on your phone, but it, you know, you haven't slept in July
6th yet, so it's still July 5th in your bones.
Yeah, exactly.
I think Beck is still driving the van.
Okay, sounds good.
And the two of you pull up to Cal Colorado's home.
You see nothing.
He pulls his Mercedes into a little garage, like underneath the street.
Nice.
Beep, beep.
As he passes Beck parking on the street in a salute.
Beep, beep.
I mean, you guys must be like making eyes at each other as there's nothing amiss so
far.
Yeah, Cal could walk straight into the basement from the garage, but to be polite to Beck,
he walks out the door, back up onto the street, and then lets him in the front door.
And before they go downstairs, he's like, do you want anything?
Uh, tea, coffee?
No.
Whiskey?
I think I'm good.
We just got to make sure Stevie's like here and okay.
Yes, yes, of course.
I assume they fell asleep playing chess or Catan.
Beck is going to make his way to the basement door.
Yep, Cal's whispering.
My daughter, Carol, she taught me about Catan.
Yeah, it's a fun one.
Do you know it?
Oh yeah, we play it all the time in the group.
Oh, we should play it.
Yeah, you can come some night to a game night, sure.
I like the sheep.
The sheep are good.
Sometimes you can get a good floor and you corner the market on them.
Shh, we're getting close.
Quiet, Beck.
As you guys open up the door to the basement, you head down the stairs, each step creaking.
Cal hits the light and you see the restraints previously on the body of Greg Godell, which
have been cut off, lying helplessly, lying lifelessly on the ground of the basement of
Cal Colorado's basement.
The shackles are lying lifelessly.
What's lifeless?
The shackles.
Oh, okay.
All the stuff that-
Oh, okay.
I don't give a shit.
Where's Stevie?
Yeah, there's no sign of Stevie, no sign of Greg anywhere.
Stevie!
They're both gone.
I kind of expected one or the other to still be here.
They went out to get pizza for all of us, and Stevie might've thought that she needed
the help of-
A god.
A turtle.
God turtle.
God turtle.
A pizza god turtle.
No, I think that something bad has happened.
They're not here.
The whole thing was that they were supposed to stay here.
And I want to look at, you said the stuff we had used to wrap him up with is on the
floor.
Is it, it's cut?
Is that what you said?
Yeah, it's cut.
Are there like scissors or a knife laying around?
There's a pair of scissors sitting on a table.
Okay.
Just nearby.
I wondered if he had somehow cut himself free or if she had helped him.
Could be either one.
I'm taking by the scene of this that, no, I'm thinking, well, look, there's scissors
laying right here.
I think that maybe Stevie set them loose.
There's no signs of a struggle.
No signs of forced ingress.
It seems logical, yes, that she unlocked the door herself down here and took them both
outside.
She knew the whole thing was to like not let him get to a place where he could kill himself.
So maybe, I don't know, he said something to her that made her think that wouldn't
happen?
I don't know what Stevie was thinking, but they're a lot closer to this situation
than we are.
Hopefully we, Beck, do you think that video was real?
I do.
Ah, fuck.
I've never seen Kurt doctor his footage before, like that's kind of his whole thing.
It's kind of his whole thing.
It's, you know, raw and real.
That's like what he says.
It's daddy's real stuff is what he always says.
Beck, why do you hang out with that creature?
Sometimes his footage is wild, man.
Have you seen like, you had to have seen the 1973 Bigfoot that he had.
He's 30.
He's like 30.
That he got a hold of.
Oh, Kurt is 30.
Yeah, but the Bigfoot was born in 1973.
Right.
Exactly.
Right.
A great year for big feet.
NPS estimates put it at like at least 33 big feet born in the continental United States.
The biggest year on record.
For instance, in 2021, there were only five estimated big feet born.
That's a lot less.
The numbers is dwindling.
No, there's less of them.
There's smaller feet now.
Little feet.
Little feet.
A land before feet.
Which is my foot fetish parody of a land before feet.
Where all the dinosaurs are played by feet.
What do you guys do?
Beck, it's clear.
We have to find Stevie immediately.
Yeah, it's a bummer.
I was really hoping we could like crash here and then.
Sometimes younger people don't answer my calls.
Would she answer your call or a text?
You should try it.
I'll give that a shot, yeah.
They find me exhausting, I've heard.
You know Carol, you know my daughter.
I think people are just intimidated, you know?
My daughter said she finds me exhausting.
Do you ever find me exhausting, Beck?
I mean, no.
But we don't like live together, so maybe if we lived together,
I would be exhausted at some point.
But that just happens in relationships.
But no, I don't find you exhausting at all.
Thank you.
Thank you, Beck.
Sometimes we say things to hurt the ones we love.
I'm on the call.
I'm on the call.
Oh, oh, oh.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Breathe, breathe.
Breathe, breathe.
And then he goes to Stevie's voicemail.
Beep.
Hey, Stevie, it's Beck.
We're really worried about you because you're not where we left you,
and that was kind of the whole thing we had set up,
is that you'd be where we left you.
Tell her I hope she doesn't think I'm exhausting.
Cal hopes that you don't think he's exhausting,
and I hope that you're alive and that your brother's alive
and that there's not a new god in the world that is maybe bad for us.
I don't...
I'll talk to you later.
Bye.
Are you guys crashing?
And I send a text.
Okay.
Nice.
Please call.
Just please call?
Yep.
Beck, I know you prefer to take the can van,
but perhaps tonight on this hunt for Stevie,
we should take my ride.
The Mercedes?
Is that what you're talking about?
Yes.
Dude, yeah.
Some very nice Mercedes coupe, whatever that is.
Don't look at me.
I just...
Thomas doesn't know.
Coupe C. C class.
We kicked the wrong guy out.
Hey, Luke.
I mean, we've got to fit a van load of equipment in it,
but I could...
Yeah, we'll get it in there.
No, no, no, Beck.
It was a search mission.
And frankly, while I've seen tonight what today,
what a common cell phone can do.
Most of your job, Beck.
Whoa, Cal.
Over the line.
And mine as well.
And mine as well.
So...
This is some 4 a.m. talk here.
He's so exhausted.
He's being a bitch.
What I'm saying is you've got the newest phone.
But this is like, this is more of the story.
This is more story.
We need to film it.
It's more story.
Okay, the small one, the small camera.
No sound, no lights.
You can have a shotgun mic on top.
Yeah, I got it.
I just...
I'm not carrying a boom.
Why are we paring down?
We've got to move quickly.
We've got to move quickly.
Oh, okay.
Through the streets.
In my sweet Mercedes.
I looked it up.
C class works.
In my sweet C class.
Yeah, okay.
I'll grab...
I'll just grab some of the mics and I can fit a tripod.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, that's what I'm going to grab.
We need equipment.
We spend like 10 minutes like sorting out a pile.
This won't even fit in that tiny trunk.
Yeah, when the cameraman's just sitting right there.
The back ends up getting a surprising amount.
He Tetris is a pretty sweet kid.
Yeah.
All right.
I mean, you guys are going to be...
Now, I think if you go out and continue this,
you're not going to be able to get a sleep
and then show up at a normal time to work.
So you're going to be at a negative 40 all day for the next day.
Unless we go to sleep.
Yeah.
I mean, we've already said we want to spend a little more time on the edit.
I think we deserve to sleep in.
Wake up pretty late.
I just didn't know how late.
7 a.m.
I don't know how long you're hunting for is what I'm saying.
This hunt.
Oh, I mean, I figured we're...
We're going to take a spin around the block.
I figured story-wise we'd go to the hole
and you'd show us God or whatever
and we'd worry about fucking sleep and shit later.
I wasn't worried about mechanics in this hunt.
I figured we'd go straight to it.
You're going to the hole?
Yeah.
Right?
Sure.
Awesome.
Fuck off.
The way you say that.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Awesome.
When you arrive to the nearest bridge that heads over the city river
into downtown from Cal, Colorado's lovely neighborhood.
Beans Bridge.
Beck.
You don't know the history?
No.
Oh.
It is blocked off.
80 men died building this.
Some say their bones are in the mortar.
They are.
There are flashing lights everywhere.
There are all sorts of different crews.
You see people in suits.
You see people in all sorts of different...
There's cops.
There's people in hazmat gear.
There's all sorts of different...
There's tents popping up.
There's a whole crew.
There's a whole kit and caboodle, a whole situation happening.
News crew?
There are other news crews that have begun piling up here.
Yeah.
Cal elbows you a little too hard in the ribs and he's like,
hot damn.
You were right, Beck.
We should have brought all this shit.
Oh yeah, I got the tripod and I've got a lav mic for you
and the light here I can attach to the top.
Yeah, we're set.
You've got this Rube Goldberg of things attached to the camera
and you're holding it in one hand and a boom in the other.
Yeah, it's a backpack strap thing that sends the boom over the top of my head.
I see this golden glow on my skin and I'm like,
oh my god, he did it.
The perfect lighting.
Oh yeah, we're live.
Or not live.
We're to tape in four, three, two, silent one.
Follow me, follow me.
Are you getting this?
Are you getting this?
We're live on Bean's Bridge.
Reporting from the scene of a bizarre accident,
some kind of hole has been punctured through the structure.
We've got some footage obtained by a consultant earlier tonight.
Once again, I want to stress this was not shot by anybody
strictly affiliated with Cannes News.
But you can see here, folks,
you can see here the extraordinary footage captured earlier tonight
showing what we're approaching the hole now.
You can probably see in the insert, again, the footage.
The two of you are walking up to where the rest of the media
has bottlenecked up and there's big kind of wooden structures
with four legs and a bar across the top.
Table?
It's sawhorses, right?
Yeah.
Long ones.
You mean like just a barricade?
You're right.
Yep, it's a barricade.
There's a bunch of them.
And they're keeping the media at arm's length here.
But if you zoom in past the shoulder of Mr. Cal Colorado,
you can see that they're whole, that there are people of all sorts of dress
walking around, taking samples, taking pictures, taking video, all sorts.
I want to scan the crowd whether it's with a camera or not for Stevie.
Maybe I'm just holding it on the area and looking my head around.
Is Stevie around?
Go ahead and roll search at a negative 40.
Would have been a pass, but it's a fail.
Can I aid his search maybe?
You can also roll search if you would like since you just failed.
I'd like to roll search and I'd like to maybe try to bump up something on my search
by calling Stevie's phone.
Oh, okay. Yeah, that sounds great.
90.
You convince yourself that the noise that you're hearing in the back of your head
is just because you think you're expecting to hear a ringtone?
Beck, I can't hear shit over these throngs.
Beck, like when you're on camera, it never talks to you,
so he just does a nod from behind the camera.
Cal's feeling a little frosty and there's maybe a side of him
you haven't really seen in his professional newsman days,
but you know he did some of this roving reporting when he was younger
and without any sleep, you're worried about the glint you see in his eye
and he gives you a big wink and he says,
All right, Beck, just remember, act like you're supposed to be there.
And Cal just moves one of the barricades aside and slips on through
and mushens you in and we start heading straight for somebody with authority.
Beck does, just follows the lead.
Yes. Oh, fuck yeah.
Well, I guess we'll see what happens the next time.
We can come back inside for now.
I should mention that this is a terrible idea
because I don't have a skill that I can succeed on basically.
All you have to do is film, baby.
And it's all my fault.
