Greasy greetings to all of our fantastic listeners out there.
It is I, the mesmerizing, masticating mutt, Wolf the dog,
Yo DJ, your host, Angel Parental Figure,
and you, fantastic listeners,
are doing a fantastic job of listening to us here at 694.2 PTBP,
coming at you live from some time somewhere.
Who even knows when or where I am anymore?
I certainly don't.
But what I do know is that we got ourselves another Howlin' with Wolf,
and that makes my teeth rattle with joy.
This edition of Howlin' with Wolf is from Ikaris,
who tweeted about the show and tagged "@pretendingpart",
the equivalent of 8.5 normal-sized good deeds or 3.6,
whatever, either way.
Shouts out to Ikaris for telling folks the good news.
Ikaris writes,
I'm sorry for picturing you drinking the grease I used to eject from the name-redacted fast food bin.
It still makes me sick, and I have no idea how you do it.
But you do you, Mr. Wolf.
That grease has to go somewhere, and I guess you eating it is better than a landfill.
Everyone listen to the podcast. It's a fantastic time, Phil.
Thank you for your time.
Well, damn, thanks for writing in, Ikaris.
I am the gleeful grease trap.
You got grease you need disposed of?
I'm here to gobble it up.
And even if you don't want me to, I'll probably still grab a gulp of three.
Much of the grease I consume immediately spreads itself amongst my many hair follicles,
coating them and making me more...
aerodynamic?
I don't know, y'all.
I just know that after I get that grease, I'm slipping around faster than hell.
Now, if you want to write up something for your greasy wolf to howl,
tag "@pretendingpart on Instagram",
tag "@pretendingpart on Twitter",
tag "@pretendingto be people on Facebook",
or write up a five-star review on the podcast app of your choice and holler at your wolf about it.
If you want to support the show and make sure it doesn't disappear into a smooth void,
exchange financial support for bonus content over at patreon.com slash pretending pod.
If you want to find links to all our shit here at 694.2 PTBP,
the links are in the show notes.
Don't blink, don't think, just sink into the deep.
It's time for the news.
Last time, the Cannes crew went to Julius and X's house,
cleaned up a bit and discussed next steps.
But Julius is clearly having a harder time dealing with recent events.
Will Cal and Beck agree to work alongside X?
This woman who clearly has no regard for Julius's health in the names of truth and journalism?
Will Stevie and Cal keep each other's trust?
Will Julius's loss of grip lead him to losing himself?
Will Beck get even wilder?
All this and more coming at you right after Alter Girl with
My Life is Great and It's All My Fault.
Cause my life is great and it's all mine.
Cause my life is great and it's all my fault.
I was saying, cause you build your sandwich here and then you go, yeah, you go to your next station.
You're only that next station.
Yeah, I don't know, a bunch of shredded lettuce and then I fucking kill myself.
I beat up who's ever keeping me from the meat bins and take what's mine.
I'd take down a bunch of banana peppers probably. I'm a big fan of eating those, just raw.
Yeah, that'd be good.
Banana peppers are solid. Cuc, tomato, Sammy. Cuc on either side of the tomato with some Dijon mustard.
Can you cut the part of him saying, I love eating those raw?
I mean, if meats are out, bread's out.
Yeah, the Sammy was the cucumber. The cuc was the bread.
Can I have the fish scoopables?
Like tuna?
The fish scoopables.
That's a main protein. I think that's excluded.
Damn it. Cheese?
Cheese is a topping. No, cheese goes on first.
Technically cheese is part of that first bracket.
Can I go somewhere else?
I don't like this restaurant.
I'll just eat tomatoes with oil and vinegar.
There you go.
They have secret shakers up there and oregano is one of them.
You guys throw some oregano on there?
Oh, he's definitely getting that on the tomato. Maybe a little salt and pepper too.
I'm going to get the oregano shaker, put oil in it and eat that.
Like soup, oregano soup.
Oregano soup.
Can I throw it in the bread toaster?
Oh, hey, my whole family's from Italy. We were from oregano.
Why can you toast it?
I'm going to say you can toast it.
You can toast it.
That's the perk.
Then I will have shredded lettuce toasted, please.
Line out the door immediately.
Did you say shredded lettuce toasted?
That's it.
Burnt ends, baby.
I'll have the vegan burnt ends.
That's just singed lettuce.
All right, I'll start recording.
Yeah, we should have been recording that.
You know how somebody's doing the transcripts for all the episodes?
Oh, yeah. Can we shout out Cinder Crow?
A true American hero.
Who's doing it?
Or wherever you're from.
You're a hero to us in America, so you're an American hero.
You're our American hero.
Well, I was thinking, because I read through some of it,
and it's really detailed and good,
so what if we made some funny sounds and words to see what it does?
Oh, yeah. We should really start trying to mess with this guy.
Flurbin, lurbin, shlick.
I'm going to say there, there, there, there.
Which ones am I using?
Oh, my gosh.
You're a nightmare to people like him.
Who knows?
Buffalo, buffalo, buffalo, buffalo.
Seriously.
Cinder Crow.
Huge shout out to Cinder Crow.
Absolutely.
That is so insane.
You rock.
Thank you so much.
Bazinga.
Now you've got to write Bazinga in your transcript.
Yeah.
Also, you get to write our season two recap episodes.
Honestly, because of the transcripts, we don't have to do those.
I mean, that seems...
Well, we can do those. It's just you've got notes.
Okay. All right. I'll start now.
Six months off.
I don't think it'll be as hard this time.
No, I'll still do it.
The recap episodes, they were fun for you to do, right?
That was like a pleasurable part of this life venture, right?
This life venture, right?
I started sweating through both shirts.
Seriously, if you haven't checked out the transcripts
or if you know someone who would be into the transcripts,
you can find them.
They're linked over on our Discord,
and you can find that Discord...
In the show notes.
In the show notes.
Another big, big part of this is that I've been training in AI on those transcripts.
And so pretty soon, none of us will be necessary,
which means all of your Patreon money will go straight to making the pod better.
We're all cut out from that process as soon as I perfect this machine.
I read one of the AI transcripts that you generated,
and my favorite part was the guy who is playing Luke,
and he says,
This mystery's mysterious!
And then fart noises for 45 seconds.
It's absurdly accurate.
That was a good one.
Speaking of fart noises...
Yeah.
Human fart noise.
Taylor just walked in.
Wow.
And gave it to us good on the mic.
See you guys.
Bye.
Bye.
We can cut all that out.
Just the end and the buy.
Last night, this home security salesman came to my house,
and it was fucking...
It was after dark.
I had not turned my French ports light on,
so I just get this knock on my door,
and I can see nothing.
Ugh.
So I open it up, it's just the fucking...
Did you turn the light on?
I turned the light on.
It's the vivid guy.
It's good he wasn't blurry.
He's like,
Hey, I assume you're the homeowner or the renter?
And I was like,
Yeah, I'm the renter.
And he's like,
Well, you know, this isn't the highest crime area,
but talking to some of your neighbors tonight,
I know there's a lot of petty crimes,
like package thefts and car break-ins,
so if you'd be interested in a camera or anything,
and I was like,
Oh no, I'm the one doing all those,
so I don't want any more cameras.
What?
Did you really?
Yeah.
Oh my god, what did he say?
He just laughed nervously,
and then I shut the door on him.
He said,
You should buy all my cameras then.
Once they're gone, they're gone.
I opened up my door the other day to a doorbell ring,
and it must have been the knock.
My doorbell doesn't work.
And a young lad on one of those bird scooters.
It wasn't a bird.
It was a plane.
You stand flat on it.
Superman.
And there's just two wheels on either side of your feet.
Oh, those.
Like, yeah.
Like a hoverboard thing.
They call them hoverboards.
Yeah, the hoverboard.
He was just hoverboarding around the neighborhood.
Nice.
How old was he?
He couldn't have been a day over, what?
Seven.
Seven, yeah.
Those labor laws, man, in Missouri.
What was he selling?
How many Bibles did you buy?
He said pest control,
and I just closed my door and was like,
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
That's when they sprinkle the bag of pests on the lawn.
Like, okay, I'll be back in a few weeks.
Yeah, so as you can see, my legs are now covered.
I'm not wearing pants.
These are ticks.
You got pests everywhere.
Should we do it?
Should we do it?
Should we do it?
I'm really excited to do it.
I don't know what we're going to do.
You just said, like, pants made out of ticks.
Are we not already in it?
That's what Beck Wilder sees.
No, as Beck Wilder, Cal Colorado, Julius Summers, his roommate, X, Stevie Godel, and Jeremy,
the intern.
Jeremy.
Do we need, do we need euphemisms like roommate now that we know?
Okay, X.
We'll just go with X, his co-worker.
Yeah, we'll say co-worker.
X.
That's, again, a euphemism.
But technically true.
But so his roommate is technically true as well.
She's many things.
Isn't she your boss?
Some people could look at it that way.
Sure.
Yeah, a little bit, maybe.
And they're all, you're all at the close to empty house where Julius and X are living.
It's Wednesday, July 6th, 2022, and it is quite late.
On a fairly rough note, even though he just taken the time to clean a few folks' guts
and spray from off himself and change suits, Julius is openly bleeding once again, half
of his face now scraped in raw, beating up with his own blood.
And on a more positive note, Stevie just realized they trust Cal Colorado.
Jeremy, the intern, stands up from the Ikea couch and stretches his arms and legs while
letting out a big old yawn, signaling his exit.
And on his way out, he squares his shoulders to Cal and assures you,
I won't say a word until you arrive at Cannes in 48 hours as the producer.
Just idle nose and coffees for everyone.
And with that, he's off.
48 hours?
That's what X had told you is that she needed 48 hours to kind of clean up the Julius mess
before you were to be named the new producer.
And then that's when we can air the footage as well?
Yep.
And X looking down at her phone says to Julius,
I've just alerted the doctor.
She's on her way.
Would I know this doctor?
I'm not exactly sure if you've met this one, but one of the few in the city that
knows to look the other way, I suppose.
What's their name?
She looks down at her phone again.
I guess we just call her Dr. Murray.
Dr. Murray.
Hmm.
Is it going to be the usual or, I mean, do we have access to those Godel things?
She kind of looks at the other three of you.
I can attest that they work like a charm, dude.
He got killed.
No, not killed, but almost died from a rabbit.
He was very much impaled by a, not a real jackalope, but a rabbit who had been senselessly
tied up with antlers to resemble a jackalope and then left to wander willy nilly.
And of course it was going to impale someone.
You know, of course someone was going to trip and impale themselves on that.
It was a hazard.
It was a hazard.
But yes, the medicine thing they had.
It wasn't my fault.
It wasn't his fault.
But, like, it's me that's going to die now.
So, like, do we?
Well, you don't look like you're going to die.
I don't feel very good.
He kind of does, though.
Look at him.
How many hit points do you have?
This is the first time you've cared about that in three days.
It's all rushing back to him.
It hurts.
I'm at 40 percent capacity, it feels like.
You were at, like, 10 percent capacity and insisted we not take you to a hospital.
Sometimes the heat of the moment.
I had the napkins shoved in me and they were helping.
And he points to the napkins shoved in his gun wound.
And Beck winks at Stevie.
Yeah, man.
Good work.
Thanks.
I do the best that I can.
Is she coming here?
Yes, she is close by.
Stevie, as fine as your improvisational work was, we do need a real doctor to look at you.
The door slams open.
What is the doctor, Murray?
A doctor of?
Yeah, the real doctor you say that you need.
And this elderly woman with thick gray hair, thin and wiry and built five feet tall and
created by Chainsaw Unicorn from Augusta, Georgia.
Shout out to Chainsaw Unicorn.
Unicorn noise.
Whoa, is that what a unicorn sounds like?
Yeah, the hiss and squish.
Chainsaw Unicorn is patron at at least the $10 level over on patreon.com slash pretending pod.
And you too can send in an NPC or a location at that tier and support the show over there.
You know what not enough people take advantage of is they can describe the voice.
That's a very true statement, yes.
And I don't know if you can see.
Because otherwise they all sound like this.
I don't know if you can see, but I'm wearing clothes that are two sizes too big.
Looks like a strong wind could turn me into a pretty awesome kite.
But yes, I'm here to help you.
I'm here to help you out.
Who's the benevolent neither of the help.
Oh, look at you.
Look at your face.
Julius looks at Cal and Beck and is like, yeah, they're generally pretty.
They're always this weird.
And I thought you hadn't met him.
I hadn't, but I mean, like all the doctors that they send are this weird.
So why don't you want to go to a fucking hospital?
This is like been my only interaction with doctors ever.
Yeah, sure. They're all a little weird, but not like this.
Julius rips his shirt off and just points to his bloody mess with napkins and everything shoved in it.
Oh, yeah. Okay. I see. I see.
Okay, you're going to need to have your lay down on the on the kitchen island table over there, the countertop.
Just strip on down to your baccas.
Yeah, I heard I heard about the incident the last time.
Oh, Mr. Big Thighs had had is the doctor.
Things got bad.
And now we can we talk less?
Maybe just kind of I'm for gossip.
That's kind of my whole thing.
Okay. Tell me.
It's funny. Tell me the juiciest stuff, but it hurts and ripping the napkins about.
But with a Swift, let's see a Swift.
Oh, a extreme.
It's not good.
No, it's extremely good.
I rolled a 77, but she has an 80.
Fuck yeah.
I was just, you know, I figured that's pretty high.
One plus three is four hit points are restored back to you as she rips you up, tears you down and sews you up.
Basically without you even realizing it.
And then for the final critical role trick here, she goes, oh, and I got something real fucking neat for your face.
And she has a suitcase with her that she cracks open for the first time.
Everything previous has just been in her bag.
And inside the suitcase, you see a contraption that, while familiar, does have very specifically different sort of branding.
Cal's trying to be subtle, but he, uh, he very clearly is like taking a picture of this and he's winking to Beck for the story.
Yeah.
And everyone is like pretty in awe.
Like this is as if we were standing around and someone pulled out like a very cool new contraption that yeah, like that we hadn't seen before.
Like what would a new three.
Thank you.
Dicked dildo.
Oh my God. Can you imagine?
I've seen that.
New Xbox.
Not with prehensile balls.
Those are the two kinds of jokes you're going to get here pretending to be people.
Oh doc, patch me up.
What do you call that thing?
Well, I've been calling it the skin graft 2000.
Awesome.
We can hook you up with some marketing people to work on that.
That does seem fair.
I don't know what the folks upstairs are going to call it.
It's July of 2022, so 2000 doesn't seem very futuristic anymore.
Well, they don't need names for stuff in the military probably.
No, no, they, they all have names for their things.
Oh, well, who's the marketing people for the military?
Oh, well, I mean.
And she slams, she slams this, uh, this device on, on Julius Summers face.
You know, when the question itself is so wrong, you don't know where to begin to answer.
Does it feel good?
That's a good question.
Beck, do you remember what it felt like?
I think it was good.
Yeah.
Uh, go ahead and, sorry, I was waiting for whatever this is.
Feels so good.
Beck is filming the process and no one has a problem with that.
Oh man, it feels good.
Yeah.
Dr. Murray says, and you feel the, these like warm rays like shining in, penetrating, and then you feel a sort of tingle almost like a, like a foaming sensation that you can hear.
And then it's, it's like, like pop rocks is kind of the vibe.
Yeah.
Pop rocks with a mouthful of Sprite.
And you feel warm.
You feel nice.
She pulls it off and everyone looking sees Julius Summers with a face, a whole face.
Nothing but a face, so help me God.
It's his?
Yeah.
It's just completely cleaned up every single cut and skin is smooth.
Just matching the other half of his face.
Julius, you look like a million bucks.
It feels great.
I mean, God, we, we got to tell people about this stuff.
Hey doc, can I get a hit of that?
Yeah, what do you need?
What do you need?
What is going on?
I mean, I just haven't felt a hundred percent the same since I fell on that Jackalope.
Why don't you just give me a top up?
Okay.
You said it was a, you sat on it.
Yeah.
All right.
Face down.
Ass up.
All right.
That's the way I'll stitch you up.
You got it.
Beck bends over the couch and he just flips up the shirt tails on his Hawaiian shirt and
jacket.
Yeah.
Jacket.
You receive four hit points.
Yeah.
Cal Cal took the camera from you and it's filming that, but his thumb is like over a
quarter of the lens, which is really hard to do on a camera like this.
Huge thumbs.
We never talked about it.
Did I recover any hit points from the face?
Uh, healing.
Uh, no, that was with two rolls.
Unfortunately.
That was your sweet.
Yeah.
At least I look good.
Julius thinks and then makes a note to go check.
Julius.
I have a little pocket mirror, uh, in my makeup kit that you could use.
All anchors carry these all reporters carry these.
Take a look at that.
Don't go back into that bathroom please.
Uh, Hey doctor, doctor Murray, could I get one of those for, you know, before I go on
air?
Oh, you want, you like, you want to have one.
I want to, I want to be able to do the face thing.
Well, these are very important to the firm currently.
And uh, what, what firm?
Well, the program, you know, the group, you know?
Yeah.
What's that called?
No name for it.
Obviously.
Obviously.
Julius chuckles too.
Well, his name's for things that exist.
My dear boy.
Yes.
And we don't exist.
Wink, wink.
She winks.
I look back at Beck and see if he was filming that.
I was.
I wink at Beck.
That puts the lens cover on and off.
Oh my God.
A little camera wink.
But you said that it was military issues.
So you're military.
Well, you know, uh, I suppose every once in a while, you know, I get there, I become it.
What kind of doctor are you Dr. Murray?
Mostly, uh, surgical.
People?
People.
Yeah, of course people.
Okay.
Well, and if he got something else laying around, I'll look at it.
Of course.
Cal thinks about that.
Of course.
We may have a person who's half a god turtle.
He probably, Stevie.
I mean, yeah, but we don't know where he is.
That should be our top priority though.
Right?
Finding your brother.
We've got a clear 48 hours.
I think that's maybe our next plan of attack.
Breaks in the news cycle like this don't come often, Stevie.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, you're right.
That, that's exactly, that's exactly what we should do.
And they show you a Reddit post that only has like 460, that only has like 800 and 36
upvotes on it.
That's a lot.
Yeah.
It's doing all right.
Yeah.
And it is a hole in the ground somewhere in South America.
Oh shit.
Uh oh.
I don't know if he's like available.
He's gone international.
I want to show that to X and see what her reaction is.
Is this a particularly smooth hole?
Oh, it's an incredibly smooth hole.
How does she react to that?
Um, wow.
Uh, what does the article say about it?
Yeah, it says that it's, um, there is some sort of like a lightning tornado storm and
now the, yeah, that no one's going near the hole cause they can actually see down, but
they can keep seeing down until they can't see any more down, I guess.
Does your brother have a place in South America or your family?
Well, yeah.
Where?
Is it a place like the gorge?
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no.
There's, there's no more of those.
So it's like a place that you vacation?
Well, no, I mean we have a home down there, but it's not even in the same country as this.
It's like, ah, we have, we have a, we have a home in Brazil and cow goes, I said it,
I said it normally zoom in and enhance that picture.
Where's it from?
This happened in Chile.
She just swipes on the screen to enlarge it.
Do any of you guys speak Spanish?
Okay.
See, that's, that's not a whole, and like one of the top comments is linking another
Reddit article that is in Europe and it's like a huge hole in the ground.
That's very smooth.
Stevie how many, how many of these are there?
I don't know.
I just started seeing them like today, but there, there seems to be a few, a fair, fair
amount of them.
Are they just all in the ground?
Are they in other, yeah.
One went through a building like half, like half of a building is just like gone.
So Stevie, do you know anything about this power your brother has or what these holes
are for?
I mean, I know that, um, they're starting to get tears in their eyes.
I know that my granddad and I guess my dad were keeping it trapped and we like let it
out or whatever.
And then I let it out or whatever.
On the bridge?
I didn't know it was there.
I didn't, he just did like immediately.
What did you see?
I mean, I saw the same as everybody else.
I saw, I saw the lightning, like the tunnel from like afar.
I wasn't even over there, but I didn't know what it was at first and it started dawning
on me.
This is a very important question, Stevie.
Between then and now, have you contacted anyone in your family?
No, just like the cops, you know, to like try to do the whole blackmail thing.
How come God couldn't teleport out of Grover's gorge?
Is there a spell?
No, I think he is.
I think he was in a turtle.
So being in a human is what caused?
Or maybe there's a spell like, oh, that might be it.
When it was in a turtle, were there like little holes maybe?
Or slow holes?
Oh, there you go.
Slow tiny holes.
Like aerated lawn or like, no, I don't.
Little microbursts.
Not that I know of.
They might've looked like potholes, divots, but very smooth.
Sorry, it's like so late.
It's been a long day.
Okay.
Beck, get them an energy drink.
You got it.
Oh, energy drink?
Give me one.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
I love energy drink.
Me too.
Go, go, go.
Well, where are the...
Where the fuck is he going next?
I don't know.
Do you see any rhyme or reason to it?
Can we...
Let's maybe start plotting them out.
Like where are they ending up?
Okay.
Maybe it's a drawing.
Maybe it's a symbol.
A good old fashioned connect the dots.
We saw symbols in the pit.
Maybe that's it.
Let's Google map them.
Let's Google map them.
Let's Google map them.
Wait, Stevie, have any of the nerds in your phone started doing that already?
Oh, that's really smart.
Yeah, those Reddit tweets have been breaking a lot of shit on us.
Yeah, they could move this forward like so fast.
Can you talk to them?
Can you talk to them?
I feel like sometimes everything I say is wrong.
Oh, no, no, no.
I didn't mean like...
No, no.
No, it's good.
I can't.
I can't ask.
And they're just like going through the phone and...
Beck says, I'll help you out and Beck starts doing it too because that's where he lives
is online.
He's already had burner accounts that he can start putting stuff in different forms.
Do you have the stats to back that up?
I think I do.
I've got computer science if you want to use that.
Yeah, that's what I use to scroll Reddit.
Hold on.
Yeah, that's it.
It does not take computer science to know how to troll on Reddit with backup accounts.
What skill do you want me to roll?
No, I'd like you to roll computer science, please.
It's the only one that makes sense.
Oh, fuck.
Hold on.
I think it intrinsically makes sense with Beck's character.
Oh, that it's automatic?
Yeah.
What's your percent?
I've got 60 in computer science and I rolled a seven.
Okay.
Then suspicious activity was detected on your accounts.
You were upvoting.
It was clear that you were upvoting from the same like ISP on your multiple accounts.
God, I'm out of practice.
Julius pulls his phone out, but can't figure out how to navigate off of the leg day subreddit.
So he just puts it back.
He doesn't want to leave that page anyway.
No one on there is talking about it?
He scrolls through a few scrolls.
Does he see anything?
What?
Roll computer science?
I have zero.
The baseline is zero?
Yeah.
I have U10 that's like giving Beck a 70, so I can't do that.
No, you can do that.
The only post he sees is the title is like, did a whole lot of leg workouts today.
It's spelled H-O-L-E.
And everybody gets what he's talking about.
So it's the highest upvoted on the page right now.
The weightlifter is spreading whole while showing off thighs.
So there's no map made or what?
Yeah.
How long is it going to take these nerds?
I don't know.
Like, I mean, they don't always crack everything like right away and even if they do, it might
just be like in some lost thread somewhere that we haven't found, but I'll keep looking.
I mean, just tell me where the points are and I got a map here somewhere probably.
Okay.
Let's do this.
Julius goes upstairs and finds just like a, he never hung it up on the wall, but like
a big map as art, not huge, like that Luke is holding his hands about two feet apart.
It's two feet map, two foot map.
Is a SIGINT specifically technology or could it be used to like decipher a cipher?
It's absolutely.
It's for deciphering.
Specifically.
For deciphering.
Yeah.
If we lay out the plots, can I use a SIGINT roll?
Yeah.
Me too.
All right.
Let's roll those SIGINTs boys.
Oh.
Oh fuck.
I got an 86.
I got a 92.
Oh my God.
Damn.
I have a 70.
I thought that was a 69 at first.
Oh yeah.
Joe, you're reading it wrong.
You got a 69.
Damn.
Fuck.
God.
It's just like dots on a map.
It does.
It just looks like dots on a map.
Well, I think if we maybe give these Reddit nerds some time while we prepare in other
ways, maybe that will come to fruition for us.
Have we tried calling your brother?
Uh, yeah.
Hmm.
Where'd he say he was?
They hold their phone up and it's like outgoing call, outgoing call, outgoing call, outgoing
call, outgoing call, outgoing call.
Cal leans over the back and goes, rent free.
Stevie, when you like let him loose, did he like say anything?
Did he seem like he was himself at first or like, did he communicate with you at all?
He was, he was really, he was really wet.
And he looked afraid.
He looked afraid.
Wet and afraid was the alternative title of this podcast.
I've just felt this presence just emanate like through my mind and it was so scared.
And I, I just, I wanted to show that I was on its side and I wanted to, I thought that
if I could prove that I wasn't a threat, you know, like, I don't know, I, when he,
when he physically like went away from you, was he running?
Like, was he like scared?
Scared?
No, no, we walked out the door and he just looked back at me and in his eyes it looked
like he, it looked like he was there.
It looked like, it looked like Greg and just like a single tear rolled down his face and
then he wasn't, rolled for what?
Greg, yeah, I just, I'm sopping wet, just walked away.
I called after him and I ran for him and I, I tried to grab onto him and push me off.
It wasn't, it wasn't him, it wasn't him anymore.
It wasn't, just kept walking.
Stevie did Greg display an interest in wet smooth holes from a young age?
What, why, why is everyone giggling?
Well I personally think it was because of the pussy joke.
Oh, Cal turns very red.
This is, this is quite a lot and this whole time X has been just on her phone typing stuff,
swiping and such.
When we saw you at the bridge hole, were you, was that your first hole?
You saw her at the bridge?
Yeah, at the bridge hole.
You didn't tell me about the bridge hole.
Yes, I ran into your compatriots so we hadn't agreed whether you were going to bring them
in or not and yes, that was my, my first of these incidences of the holes.
Is it like coming up in your, on your guys's radar?
Yeah, it seems like maybe if you're investigating that first hole you'd be investigating the
subsequent holes.
Yes, I'm being told that the holes are being attended to.
But you and Julius were here before the hole.
What were you here doing?
Hey, yeah.
Well, that Godel technology that you saw.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, we would like to just like make the world aware that it's being used and his whole
situation.
Beck is pointing at the device.
You have one.
Yeah.
I mean, we got them, they got them, but it's kind of like the government's scared to like
tell people so they want to expose it so that they're the bad guys that gets everybody scared
and then we can just make it normal.
What's, what's bad about these?
In my mind?
Uh, nothing.
Do you feel that?
Yeah.
Okay.
Why does Godel have to be the bad guy?
Oh, because you know, some people are like, don't be God.
And so they can, if, Hey, if it's all good stuff, then Godel, that's good.
If it's all bad stuff, then it's not us.
That's good.
It turns out it's good.
Everybody.
It's good for everybody.
Cow's looking at X. What power is this?
Oh, um, well, we're not like, like just hope.
Like the humanity's hope.
He looks at X to see if that was a good answer or not.
She's just kind of looking back at you with like, uh, as good as any.
How do you get that hope out of a human?
Oh no, no, it's, um, nothing so sinister.
We just don't know.
But do you suspect?
Well, Otherwise, what's wrong with the skin graft
2000?
It seems like a miracle technology.
Godel wouldn't be a bad guy if he released this, unless there's something sinister about
it.
Well, Nope, I guess you're wrong about that.
Can I come at that?
Yeah.
94.
39.
Cow's like, well, I have been wrong before.
Well, it's like, you know how you feel right now, the explanation that like, we don't know
and how that makes you feel, but that's going to be everybody.
And they're going to be mad about that.
I'm still a little confused, like how you have one, is he like a military contractor
and you got a hold of their part of their contract?
Did the Godels make one specifically for one for the military?
How mass produced are these things?
Those are all big questions, Mr. Wilder.
Yeah, I would say that, you know what you're talking about.
Thanks.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
I, uh, I, I've got this one and, uh, I do know that if I, if something were to happen
to it, I probably wouldn't, you know, it'd be hard to get a replacement.
You know what I mean?
Do you have other stuff that Godels have engineered?
Dr. Murray is looking at X and X is looking at Dr. Murray and X kind of gives it a reluctant
nod and Dr. Murray is like, Oh yeah, like, like what?
I mean, I don't, I don't have the, um, necessarily the, uh, authorization to get into it, but,
I don't want to undersell you, but if you can imagine it, it can possibly be done now.
Like a machine that makes cappuccinos on demand?
Done.
Well, we already did.
Yes.
We already, uh, yeah, we already did that on all of the NPCs.
Okay.
Cow's like, yeah.
Yeah.
Beck.
I mean, we had one in the lobby for quite a while until, well, you remember, you kind
of knocked it over with your camera.
Oh, it scared me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I told you there's no, yes.
And I told you there's nothing to fear.
It's just a cappuccino maker.
All right.
Well, uh, you said anything I could think of, it's what I think everyone knows what I can
think of.
Another one of those.
No, no, no, no, no.
Dr. Murray X, can we have Dr. Murray's thing for our dangerous mission to find God?
You seem to have plenty.
You cannot fucking touch my, uh, my device here.
Seems like you answer to her.
Yes.
Uh, you cannot have her device.
Uh, Dr. Murray, that will be all.
Thank you so much for your time.
Can I human that to see if she's lying and that we can have it?
I want to try a persuade role X please.
91 critical success.
Dr. Murray, it's always a pleasure.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Of course.
I hope you're feeling better and, uh, everyone, uh, feel good and stuff.
Don't, don't have any need for me.
Okay.
But if you do, I'll be just right around for you.
If we do.
Do you have a card?
Is there a way to get ahold of you?
And she shuts the door.
She opens the door real quick and she goes, Oh, I forgot to tell you that it was a crazy
fucking night.
Last night.
I found a parallel.
A pair of legs, lambs, lobsters, a paradise.
You found a paradise where, where was the paradise?
What is happening?
Dr. Murray, did you forget to tell us anything?
She's having a stroke.
She's just standing there.
I told you they're weird.
It's like she came back to ask for help.
You couldn't get it out.
She's just standing there.
Stuck frozen.
Hey Julius, could I have my makeup kit back?
Oh, he never looked at his face, but he, he gives it back.
Cow gives it like a quick kiss and is like, how are you doing old girl?
And slips it in his coat pocket.
Legs.
What?
That's the, that's the first thing I said, and not even just one, but two, can we talk
about how you didn't say anything for like 10 minutes, two sets of legs and a top half.
It was nuts.
It was a woman.
I, it was a, no, I mean, obviously not one of the halves, a whole, whole woman had a
wild story in this whole time.
She's just poking her head out back into the door of Julius and X's place.
I, yeah, it was a, it was last night.
It was absolutely naughty.
Total cleanup over at the zeitgeist.
There was people in half.
Yeah.
Like two bottom halves and one top half is very weird.
It was very strange.
Did they see what happened?
Well, I mean, there was a woman there and she was like all sorts of wild.
I won't say a name, but what was her name?
She was a fine girl.
And tell us the initials.
She was telling me about this dirty girl.
Apparently like went into another person, like inside the tum tum of another person
is what she got eaten, like, but like in, like sucked into the belly or whatever.
And then like somebody else was punched in half, uh, it's happened at the bar.
Yeah.
No, no, no.
At the zeitgeist.
Oh shit.
What was the bar called?
The printing press.
No, that's the drink.
Where are we?
We're at bucky kid's bar.
No, the first bar.
The foundry.
The foundry.
Sorry.
I was confused.
The zeitgeist is the city's famous secret spot to me.
Space Needle.
I think you just call them Space Needles.
They don't have another name, do they?
Um, not that I know of, I think it's just called a small Space Needle.
Well, last time I was up there, it didn't look like anybody been up there in forever.
Was it inside?
No, it was actually down on the ground.
Huh?
It's our city's famous spire.
Oh, yes, of course a spire.
My uh, my wife and I had our first date in the rotating restaurant.
Damn, you are old.
Yes, Julius.
Damn it.
Yes, I am.
Was it cool or was it like gimmicky?
Cal's eyes get misty and he like looks into the distance and a single tear rolls down
his cheek and he says, it was very cool.
Yeah, Julius honestly thought it was probably gimmicky until he just heard that and now
he longs to have been able to go to the rotating restaurant.
Top class.
So, like, did you fix them or clean them up?
What happened?
Well, I didn't fix the halfs, no.
Does that thing?
Yeah, would it fix a half?
How much can that thing grow back?
Oh, not like a half on half, although.
And she gets a weird look in her eye and she goes, actually, gotta go and slams the door
open.
Son of a bitch, that thing rehaves halves.
What the?
That thing refools halves.
I mean, I know we're focused on finding God, but like we drew the dots and it's nothing.
What if we go check out the halves?
I think we should go.
I mean, we got two days until we can run the scratch fixer 2000 or what our skin graft
2000.
We've got the nerds working on this on the, on the, on the read it.
Yeah.
And then, I mean, we also got, we got other programmers out there fixing the holes or
something, right X?
Yes.
Let's go.
We can get a new news story about the halves.
Yeah.
We can make a whole like other story, the B block.
I mean, a dirty girl going into someone's belly.
It sounds like it's related to our whole thing.
The story can be called like, uh, it's like half, but it's like one over Z cause it happened
at the zeitgeist.
Sure.
Yeah.
We'll think about that.
We'll get the graphic department on there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The two, that's amazing.
Z, I get it.
And it's halves.
Okay.
Yeah.
I was going to be the producer one day.
Yeah.
I was going to be the producer.
You're a pretty good producer.
X, do you know anything about these halves?
Not anything exactly about the halves, but Julius, you did tell me about someone else
claiming that someone was trying to get into someone else's stomach.
Their names were like silver and gold or something.
Yeah.
And there was, uh, beer, uh, something to do with beer involved.
I remember that.
It's only been a few weeks, but it feels like almost a year ago.
Yeah.
I wonder whatever happened with that.
Google it Julius.
Google Kaylee silver.
Yeah.
When you Google Kaylee silver.
Well, I mean, I'll need some help here.
How long do these things take to go to trial?
Oh, to trial?
Depends.
How about I just finished up.
Cal's reading the article over your shoulder.
He's like, wow, that was fast.
If there's one thing about the city, it's the kind of lack of crazy crime.
That's usually our thing.
Yeah.
Swift justice.
What?
Yeah.
What do I find about Kaylee silver?
I guess let's, uh, let's roll on whether or not she's had her just 50 50.
Yeah.
What do I want?
High or low?
Well, it depends if you roll low.
We'll say that she already had her court date and if you roll high, it hasn't happened yet.
Yep.
Yeah.
Rolled high.
So hasn't happened yet.
Hasn't happened yet, which is much more realistic.
Yeah.
She is currently, uh, in the system has not posted bail.
There was like a crazy high bail posts for someone.
Sure.
Sure.
For doing that.
If you guys want it, we, we, we could maybe like set up an interview with her.
Yeah.
Let's, I'd like to go check out Z and see if, I mean, if that fucking lady is the one
that found it, she didn't clean them up probably.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They might still be there.
She might've missed a half or two.
We should probably go check Z out first and then, uh, then maybe, maybe Kaylee can help
us fill in any gaps.
Yeah.
Can news away.
Pleasure meeting you X.
The pleasure was, and she looks at Cal Colorado, all mine.
Lady I used to want to ask you out, but now you scare me.
Good day.
On the way out of the house, uh, Julius like, um, stops and looks and it's the only like
picture in the house, the only piece of artwork or anything.
And it's just a framed picture of him and this guy with like long black stringy hair
and like three long whiskers on his chin.
And he looks at it and he kind of a bittersweet like head nod and then walks out of the house.
Hey Julius, who's that creepy guy?
Julius, uh, with that question, literally doesn't know what you're talking about.
Well, there was that thing that happened on the other side of the city a few years ago,
you know, with that crime Lord and his weird arena of death.
That feels like it was hundreds of years ago to me.
It was worked in the future.
It was pre pandemic, which hasn't happened yet.
Wait, this was 2022.
Oh yeah.
The big one hasn't happened yet.
What?
What?
What?
I'm a big fan of eating those just raw.
