Hello, my little listeners.
It's your big beefy brisket wolf, the dog.
And I'm here to sizzle myself up and feed myself
to all of my hungry little babies.
Make sure and take a Pepto, baby,
because I don't go down smooth.
I am digesting it, y'all, live from 694.2 PTBP,
the best radio show that also operates
as a pop-up barbecue restaurant.
While we digest and digress,
why not see what the adoring public
is saying about us, shall we?
I hope I impress.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from KDB in West Virginia,
who tweeted about the show and tagged at Pretending Park.
A quick and easy way to make wolf feel loved and supported.
KDB writes, hello, coming at you from the land
of the cryptids, almost heaven, West Virginia.
I've been listening since early season one,
and I'm loving all the eldritch horror
y'all bring into my day.
Thanks for your absolutely inspired characters,
stories, editing, and for spicing up my music taste.
Shout out to my friend, Sid,
who I will eventually convince to listen
to this podcast alongside me.
And stay safe out there, wolf.
We can't have the horrors that be stopping you
from your wonderful hosting.
Horrors that be stopping me?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
If there's one thing you should know, KDB in West Virginia,
it's that the horrors that be should be terrified of me.
There is no horror that I cannot simply consume.
Any deranged beings out there that don't fear respect me
simply haven't witnessed my capacity.
If you want to write up something
for your big beefy wolf to how,
make a notification pop up on one of my many devices.
How, you may ask?
Just play some golf inside the libretto.
That's right, the links are in the show notes.
Oh, and I'm getting word here that my producer wants to add
that also in those sweet delicious network revisions
wrapped sausages are portals to our Patreon and merch shop.
Let's make a deal.
You slip me some greasy dollars
and I'll keep reading the news.
Last time, Julius blacked out at the foundry
after his liquid inauguration
into the 24 hour city news family.
But Beck and Cal actually remembered
the evening's post printing press.
Beck was heckled by his disappointed mother Kim
and Cal had an endearing heart to heart
with his daughter Carol, which is great.
I'll bet his story continues to be wholesome and delightful
and definitely will not devolve into unadulterated madness.
Probably, but keep your chin up.
I've got a fresh little ditty here
for our fifth episode of season two.
Prepare yourself for a brand new theme song.
It's altar girl with my life is great and it's all my fault.
And it's all my fault
Cause my life is great
And it's all mine
Cause my life is great
And it's all my fault
Dude, I just remember this, but last night
I woke up in the middle of the night
cause I like thought I was choking.
Well, it was like, I was having a dream
where I thought I was choking.
Then I woke up, do what?
On D's nest.
No, I woke up and both sides of my nose were bleeding
and I was just like breathing it in.
And then this morning when I took a shower,
I was like, Oh, I got to blow my nose.
And I blew out a chunk of like dried blood
that was like this fucking long.
It was rad and disgusting.
My dad gets them all the time from doing cocaine
and I get them all the time
cause my dad made me do cocaine when I was a little kid.
It's cool. Your dad sounds cool.
Well, it is cool.
Cause you're like, yeah, I know somebody
can get you cocaine.
My dad, my cool dad.
This is my mom and my plug.
In that order, I love my mom.
Fade up on Tuesday, July 5th.
It's the Tuesday morning meeting here at Cannes.
And as you're looking around the room,
you notice that the producer of city action news,
Ty for Rayland is nowhere to be found.
He's normally at the big chair
at the head of the table here at this long table
in this beautiful conference room.
Isabella Kaya, the head anchor city action news,
who was once co-anchor with Cal Colorado,
but now is the sole lead of city action news.
She walks forward to the front of the room
and stands at the head of the table.
Hello everyone.
Thank you all so much for being here today.
As you may have heard, Ty for Rayland,
our beautiful boss is out having a meeting
at the city tower with the who's who and whatnot.
So I'll be handing out assignments today.
Quick question, just as a newsman.
Cal raises his hand.
Who is who and what is what not?
She giggles to herself and gives a massive eye roll
to the sports person and the news person who work here.
And their names both start with S and their names are?
Howard Chesh is the weatherman.
Shay Star.
And Shay Star, nice, well done.
I knew Shay Star, that's two S's.
It's two S's, Shay Star, well done.
You said the meeting was at city tower, you called it?
Yeah, the city tower.
And it's shaped like the Teen Titans building.
I'm here for that.
You like that?
Yeah, I like that.
That's a little local reference for Springfield listeners.
All four of us.
Springfield is the headquarters of the Teen Titans.
Dude, the Hammond's tower is the Teen Titans building.
Yeah, but I was picturing the Teen Titans tower.
Which is one in the same.
Okay, no, it's not.
It's similar looking.
The Teen Titans is a giant T.
And the Hammond's tower has giant T's
on the side of all four sides.
No, it has like.
Anyway, Julius says.
Slightly larger section at the top.
It's like a big blob at the top.
The T on top of the Teen Titans tower
is literally as long as the building itself.
I'm not saying that Hammond's tower
looks exactly the same as Teen Titans tower,
but I'm saying if Hammond's tower looks like anything,
it looks like the Teen Titans tower.
Luke, I got your back on that.
That looks like a caricature of Hammond's tower.
Joe, you're right, that looks exactly
like the Teen Titans tower.
You're right.
Motherfuckers.
The Hammond's tower is literally a giant T, bro.
No, man, it's like an I with no bottom piece.
It's like an I with no bottom piece, so like a T?
No, man, how do you draw your I's?
Like a T with a bottom T.
Hey, guys, Google the Hammond's tower
in Springfield, Missouri and tell me I'm not fucking wrong.
Tell me, Google it, tweet at Luke Ginniman in 69.
I know right I am, at indoor two underscores living.
The Hammond's tower would be,
the Hammond's tower looks like a T
if you like chopped its arms off at the shoulder.
I mean, look at this picture, it's a T.
If you ignore most of the building.
Okay, this is a stupid discussion.
No, this is what the people wanna hear.
They wanna hear about happiness.
Yeah, look at that, right?
I think that you would be hard pressed
to find anybody who wouldn't go, huh,
when you saw that.
Huh, looks a lot like the teen Titan building.
Joe has shown us a reasonably damning comparison.
You guys just don't wanna believe the things I say
cause guess what, I speak the truth.
So he's busy at a meeting at the city tower,
but you guys are here in the conference room
at City Action News Studios,
where Isabel Acaya is handing out the assignments.
Okay, Cal, I actually got you something pretty great.
It's an exclusive.
Yeah, you with me?
Asclusi.
Yeah, oh, I love it when you use my language.
Yes, you got Asclusi.
Under his breath, he's like,
I taught you to say Sclusi.
Cal stabs his leg with his pin under the table.
This Sclusi is just for you, Cal,
and your whole team here.
Just so you guys know,
I'm texting my uncle to see what's up.
He makes sure to interrupt her on that.
Okay, are you done?
Julius, it's not polite to interrupt, especially women.
I act like I didn't say anything.
Okay, weird.
Okay, so yeah, it's Asclusi with the Gato company.
It's Asclusi on the Gato company.
Apparently they have this secret company town
and someone out there is gonna show you around apparently.
I don't know, Fred Gottel,
and kind of the whole crowd is like,
holy crap, won't be there.
And everyone's like, ugh.
As you know, he likes to be on camera as little as possible
when he's not fully in control of the narrative,
you know, as those big boys like to do.
So there's actually just a dropped pin for the address.
Not sure what that's about.
Actually, this might just be like a wild goose chase,
who knows?
Like who dropped the pin, though?
Can't reveal the source at this time, I'm being told.
I mean, I could take a look at that
and I might be able to find a trace
of who maybe dropped the pin or whatever.
Oh, okay, yeah, cool.
On your way out, just see who was the PA,
who was the intern who was running for you guys.
Oh, that's a fantastic question.
He can't look Julius in the eye right now
because of what happened during the printing press.
Ha ha ha!
He ripped my fucking...
Yeah, it's the one who ripped your shirt off
because he was like fucking plastic.
During the rip, I can't wear that suit anymore.
During the rip.
I don't remember a lot from that night,
but I do remember who did that to me.
Somebody get the intern, what's his name?
And literally no one in the room can remember his name.
And this like very haphazard looking,
bug-eyed boy comes running in.
He's like, yeah, sorry, what did you guys want?
You got the phone where we got the tip with the dropped pin?
He's like, oh yeah.
And he brings you a, who would it be from?
Who would get the tip?
Like who would have this dropped pin?
There's just like the constant emails that come in
and they scour through like what is the intern.
The email goblin.
All of the messages incoming from social media
and stuff come to my phone.
So yeah, it's this.
And he hands you his phone
and immediately disappears out of the room.
Okay, yeah, so that's all I need from you guys
if you wanna head out.
That's, I think I read it was 83.6 miles away.
So you're gonna wanna get out.
That way you can get back in time.
Cal is kind of confused.
He's like, so we'll find the pin out there
that someone dropped?
Yeah, and she like smiles at the rest of the room.
Julius gets up from his seat and looks at her
and it's like, oh yeah, by the way, my uncle says hi.
And he at no point has texted his uncle.
She just kind of blinks at you for a second.
Who are you?
Julius makes a mental note and goes to walk near Cal.
Oh, you're producing for Mr. Cal.
Mr. Cal, have a good time.
Bye.
Thank you, Isabella.
I certainly will.
Can I catch the intern that's walking away?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
As you guys head out out of the conference room
and heading out towards the front door,
you see him, he's pacing back and forth somewhere.
He's just like talking to himself.
I just kind of do a quick run up to him.
Hey man, can I like check out the email that you got
that had this pin in it?
Yeah, absolutely.
And he takes the phone from you and scrolls through it
and clicks on it and hands it back to you.
Perfect, then I'm gonna start searching this phone
with either CompSci or Cygant.
Oh yeah, go CompSci on it.
Go computer science, please.
I'm trying to find, go fucking CompSci on that phone.
I'm doing like hackery stuff to find IP addresses
and all sorts of things.
In the meantime, I do want to text my uncle
and like see what's up.
Luke, you can text your uncle.
That was always allowed.
I know, that's why I just did it.
Oh, he's doing it in game now though.
Oh, oh.
Could you text your actual uncle and tell him I say hi?
Which one?
Either.
Dave or, I'm not gonna text Dave, fuck Dave.
No, text Dave.
I'll text Donny.
Donny's a cool one.
Luke gave the shocker when he said that.
Joe, what'd you roll?
There's a 65 on a 60.
Oh, do you want to spend luck?
I ain't got it.
Oh, shit.
Okay, for some reason it's coming from a blocked IP.
It seems that it was run through.
You can tell it's actually a specific IP that VPNs use
and you recognize it as being like,
oh, they blocked where they came from.
Ah, dang, this guy's a little bit tricky, guys.
We might want to have our wits about us.
I don't know if this is like above board or whatever
because they're like hiding their tracks.
He's a little bit tricky,
but I'm a little bit rock and roll.
I think we can do it.
I've actually just texted my uncle
to see if he has any information about this story.
I mean, at the end of the day,
it's like a follow-up to the story we did in the corn
in the crab farm, right?
Cal like gives you a pained expression for a second
thinking about that day.
I suppose so.
I was also speaking in jest earlier.
I prefer jazz.
Oh, I know.
I knew it was a joke, dude.
It was a good one, man.
Oh, thank you.
Anchor good?
Oh, dude, of course, anchor good.
Thank you, Beck.
Either way, we should definitely get out there.
The door of the conference room swings open wide real quick
and Isabelle Lacaya is standing there
and she's like, oh yeah, shit, one more thing,
completely forgot, slipped my mind.
We figured you might need another pair of hands
since this seems like whatever.
You don't know what it is.
So we figured since you're out for the day,
we'll send a PA with you.
She said her name was Stevie
and then Isabelle Lacaya disappears
back into the conference room.
And you see Stevie is a scrawny little dude
wearing cigarette-legged jeans
in an oversized black hoodie.
She has earbuds plugged into her ear holes
and a thick wall of dark wavy hair
covering their eyes, nose, and top lip
only revealing a black lipstick-covered bottom lip
pierced with a small hoop.
And you say they don't have ears, just holes?
Well, the earbuds themselves are plugged into the holes.
There are the flappy parts around.
Hi.
Hello, Stevie, your ears are normally flappy.
I'm Cal Colorado.
Hi, Mr. Colorado, it's nice to meet you.
I'm Stevie, can I get you anything?
Hi, Stevie, it's nice to meet you guys.
What's your name?
Is this the first time that Beck would've met this person?
Because it sounds like somebody
who Beck would be friends with, for sure.
Yeah, this is a new, you've known it.
Hey, Stevie, what's going on?
Good to meet you.
Hi, yeah, it's nice to meet you too.
I like your vibe.
I'm digging yours too.
Nice, hi there.
Julius is like very intensely looking at his phone,
like trying to figure stuff out before we leave.
I'm Stevie.
Take him back Sunday?
Okay.
Like Chick-fil-A?
Take him back Sunday. Julius looks back up at-
Like Chick-fil-A.
Julius looks back up at Stevie
having no idea what Chick-fil-A means.
Dude, taking him back Sunday like Chick-fil-A
would be a pretty good Christian Kanye lyric.
That would be really good on one of his Jesus songs.
Luke finally gets it.
Julius, absolutely not, looks back up and just says,
make damn sure.
Yeah, nice.
And he just goes back to texting on his phone.
Julius is preoccupied with his important work,
but I'm sure you'll gel quite well with the team.
We're happy to have you along today.
Thank you, Mr. Colorado, sir.
It's nice to meet a legend such as yourself.
Thank you.
Thank you, young person.
And to work underneath you and Mr. Wilder here,
who has, I mean, a long and storied history
as a grade-A cameraman.
Oh, dude, my reputation precedes me.
And I'm sure Mr. Summers here will prove himself worthy
of a producer title for the two of you.
Julius's ears perk up at that
and he puts his phone in his pocket.
He's like, yes.
Do you guys want any drinks before we get going?
Any caffeinated beverages?
Yeah, dude, I'll take one of my energy drink.
Totally.
I would love a Coca-Cola.
And for you, Mr. Summers?
Do you have black water?
Yeah, I'm sure I could find some.
If not, I'll take energy drink.
Okay, I'll meet you guys out of the van.
City energy drink.
The energy drink that just gets you by.
Just enough juice not to blow your brains out.
I'll meet you guys out of the van.
Yeah, I think we head down to the van,
but it's kind of eaten up at Beck
that he couldn't crack that phone.
He felt like this was an easy thing.
You find out who sent a pin.
That's like iPhone shit.
That's just basic shit.
Damn, that hurts.
As Julius gets down to the van,
he wants to drive, but he's gonna wait and see
if the intern is gonna try to drive or not.
Well, you guys, just the three of you out there.
Oh, just three of us?
Yeah, while she's grabbing your drinks.
Cal is looking over Beck's shoulder at the phone
and he points at the pin.
What's this pin?
Is that where the pin is?
Yeah, man, that's exactly right.
You nailed it.
That's where we're going.
Somebody told us that this is where we gotta go
and this is like a visual representation of that.
Because there's a pin there.
Yeah, you know when you're looking at a map on a wall
and you're saying, hey, I've been there before,
so you take a thumbtack and you put it in there?
Oh, yes, I see the pin on your phone.
It's like that.
That's where the pin is?
Beck, could I take a look?
Sure.
And he hands Julius the phone.
Somebody give me a ones dice, please.
A ones, just a ones?
Computer science, baby.
Julius hands the phone back to Beck.
I, yeah, don't know.
I said, oh shit, because he rolled a 65 also.
I don't know if that's.
Oh, I thought you said, oh shit, because he nailed it.
Even with luck, I wouldn't pass my roll.
Back to the conversation Beck and Colorado having.
I'm worried that you think that we're gonna go there
and find a physical pin there?
And that's not the case.
Yes, someone dropped a pin
and it's the key to unraveling the Gato Corporation.
Now I see what you were asking.
For sure, dude, no.
So there's not a physical pin when we get there.
This is just like the lingo we use today
to say like, go to a place.
You dropped a pen.
Yeah, yeah, kinda.
And this pin is where that pen is?
Yeah, but there's not a pin there.
Cal, there's a. There's a pen.
There's a pin.
Cal, there's a application on your phone
called either Google Maps or Apple Maps.
When you go to show somebody.
Yes, my daughter drops pins to me all the time.
That's the pin that we're talking about.
And this is a pin to the pen.
There's no pin.
Other than.
Let's not rule out the fact
that there could be a pin there, dude.
You guys turn back from this conversation
and Stevie Gotel is closing the door to the can van
after getting in the driver's seat and.
Stevie Gotel?
Did you mess that up?
Or is that just a slip of the tongue?
Oh, that's a slip of the tongue.
Stevie gets you out to the Gotel company.
This MPC seemed really cool,
but I didn't realize they were a fucking plant
for the Gotel board.
Can I go pee and then figure out
what I'm gonna do with a Gotel in our van?
Go for it.
I don't actually have to pee.
I'm just kidding.
We're gonna stick a pin in them.
My eyes got so big.
Sorry about that, Jesus.
Just yes and it.
Oh yes, she's a Gotel.
Cool.
Season two, almost over.
We have your grandchild.
We know about the pen.
No!
We have your grandchild.
We know about the pen.
Let's get going.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
Honk, honk, beep, beep.
As you guys turn away from this conversation
that you're having, you notice that Stevie
has gotten into the driver's seat of the can van
and has slammed the door and started the can van.
And she rolls down the window and is like,
hey everybody, I've got your drinks ready in here for you.
Cal nods approvingly and then says to everybody else,
get in losers, we're making news.
All right, Cal.
Yeah, Julius hops in and he's scrolling through TikTok
to see like what kind of cool stuff
we can do for a TikTok this time.
Awesome, because I haven't talked to my uncle recently,
but I'm sure that that's what he wants.
I've pretended to many times.
For sake of you not screwing us over later,
the van is stocked with all my equipment already.
Oh Joe, you forgot to pack your camera.
Actually, yeah, sorry, you didn't roll to check
if the van had been robbed
while it was parked outside the studio.
Luke never said he actually got into the van.
So how are you guys doing with that Julius?
He's back at the station.
You were very good about like not jamming like that.
He's pretending to text his uncle.
That's just the thing, don't do that to your players.
If you're like a role player, like,
oh, you forgot to say Simon Says.
Yeah, don't play fucking Simon Says with your players.
That's a great rule of thumb for role playing.
Can I reiterate out of character real fast?
Isabelle Crane has, or.
Isabella Caya.
Isabella Caya has, can I reiterate real quick?
Isabella Caya has sent us to investigate
a secret company town, which is really fucking exciting
and weird and crazy.
Okay, cool.
Julius is stoked, but preoccupied with his uncle.
You're like looking at fucking TikTok.
Well, I'm like, why did I have to find this out
from Isabella Caya and not my uncle?
But then also looking up the songs we should use
in the background of our TikTok once we make.
Exactly, yeah, like trending hashtags today and.
Stevie notices that there are some very cool
driving gloves sitting up on the dash.
Oh, sorry, does someone else normally drive?
Julius kind of glances up and just goes,
put them on.
Oh, may I?
Put them on.
And she gets a plus 10 drive.
Oh, fuck yeah, she does.
And she rolled an aught too.
Yeah, tight.
Nice.
Okay, so you guys head outside of the city.
Immediately your can van jammed in this city traffic
just right off the bat and it takes a while
to get out into the interstate.
And Stevie's staying pretty quiet
until you get out on the highway.
But once you're out, she kind of looks
in the rear view mirror and she's like.
So do you guys, do you guys believe in ghosts?
Yeah, dude, yeah.
Oh, for real?
Yeah.
Have you seen one?
No.
Oh.
Some people at the station would tell you
you're looking at one.
Hi, kid.
I mean, I've seen things that they could be, dude.
What sort of ghosts are you talking about?
Oh, I just mean anything.
Do you guys think aliens are?
I'm just like, I just want to know
where your mind's at, you know?
You'd be like stupid not to believe in aliens.
Just probabilities or whatever, my dudes.
They gotta be out there.
I, you know, in college decided that they're out there.
Nice.
I want to believe.
Whoa, that's like Mulder, dude.
Who?
It's like a spooky dude who's like
into spooky stuff on a show.
You're like that dude.
Well, I am on a show.
Oh yeah, it's like double that way, yeah.
A pleasant conversation is always Beck.
The conversation continues and veers off
into different directions and then it kind of dies down
again and she gets that same sort of sound in her voice
and she's like, well, what do you guys think about like,
do you think it's possible to be like rich
and be a good person?
Like, do you think money corrupts absolutely?
Are you talking about Godel money or like?
Well, I mean.
More money than you make.
Well, certainly more money than I make,
but I mean, if we're heading out to talk about.
Well, we all certainly make a lot more money than you,
but does that make us bad people?
Well, I guess that's what I'm asking.
Do you think that making more money
has made you a worse person?
There was this one time where like I was like
putting on a coat for like the first time I had
like for all year and in that pocket there was 20 bucks
and I took that 20 bucks and I took Cal
and our old producer out to the foundry
and I got them all shots with it.
So I mean, I guess I'm kind of a case in point
that it doesn't have to corrupt absolutely.
I was rich and I helped my friends.
Wise words, Beckworth.
I like that.
Godel money though.
Yeah, what about like Godel money?
Godel money though.
Well, it's a good thing none of us
have to worry about that.
Yeah, for sure.
Humit?
Humit on Cal for having that much money?
No, I'm saying that as like I remember.
Oh, I thought it was Julius, I'm sorry.
Julius is related to the person that owns the news network.
And I got my job because they own the news network.
I don't think that's like Godel money though.
No, it's not.
That's like Monsanto money versus KY3 money.
Well, like better than KY3, but not like generational
billions.
No.
Exactly.
But Julius likes to think that it is.
I think you're gonna be just fine.
I'll be okay.
Just not enough to be a super villain.
How has it affected you?
I believe that I'm rich and you can tell from like
what I've said that.
We're all rich Luke in friendship.
You know that like Julius knows he's rich.
Okay.
But like he doesn't want you guys to know that,
but now you do.
Doesn't want us to know it or doesn't want us
to treat you differently because of it?
The first because of the second.
When you're about an hour outside the city,
you exit the interstate to a highway,
to a smaller highway, to a country road,
to another country road.
And the only signs around are for attractions behind you
with an easy place to turn around
within a minute of each sign.
And eventually the country road goes from asphalt
to gravel and a sign says road closed ahead,
please turn back.
Are we still on track to like where it's telling us to go?
Yeah, how far are we from the pen?
Stevie pulls up the navigation on her phone
and kind of holds it up near the rear view mirror
to show you guys.
And it's like, it says we're still going the right way.
Should I just keep going?
How far?
It looks like less than a mile.
Keep forward going.
Okay.
And she keeps driving and keeps going.
It twists, it turns, it's a gravel road.
The gravel road turns to dirt.
And at this point, there's just no signs anywhere.
There haven't been like streetlights
for miles at this point.
Here you see a sign that says stop dead end, no outlet.
I'm still going though.
There's another sign up there.
She points and as you guys approach that one,
it says danger road closed.
I think these signs are designed
merely to keep looky-loos out.
But we're the looky news.
She's like nervously laughing at that hilarious joke.
At this point, Beck is, like I said,
he's always taking B-roll out the windows and stuff.
But at this point, he's kind of crawled up to the front
between the passenger and the driver
and is filming out the front,
getting good shots of what we're seeing
as it's coming up on us.
Stevie, I think that you should just keep driving.
The road turns and suddenly you see that the road stops.
The dirt turns into a thick wall of brush.
So thick, so tall that you can't see through or over it.
And it goes left and right in all directions.
And it's actually so thick,
almost on either side of the road
that you wouldn't be able to walk too far into it
before you're waist high in verdant detritus.
Waist high, though?
Yeah, after a little bit, yeah.
It'd be about waist high.
So we can see over it?
Oh, no, no, no, sorry.
On the left and right, it's waist high.
Ahead of you, it's like three stories high
of just thicket and trees.
And there's kudzu laying over the top of these trees
so thick that you can't see through it.
Does it seem natural?
Does anyone have any sort of science role
or knowledge about plant life?
You can roll me an intelligence at a negative 40
if you'd like.
I'll try it.
I'll do that.
98.
It's a fail no matter what I get.
How many did you say minus?
40.
Yeah, that would put me at a 30 and I rolled a 34.
Oof. Very close.
Ouchie.
So you're not sure whether this plant life
naturally grows in this area,
but it's growing right next to all this other stuff.
It seems seamless as it grows into it all, so.
Do you guys know if we have a license to film in Egypt?
I get it, butt fucking Egypt, where we are.
I'm not sure that's the correct term,
but that was the joke.
What is the correct term?
Bum fuck Egypt.
No, it's butt fucking Egypt.
If we're talking out of character.
It's bum fuck Egypt.
If we're talking out of character.
I mean, hey, I looked at the tower,
you were totally right about that, but.
Oh.
Redemption.
BFE stands for either bum fuck or butt fuck Egypt.
So we're both right.
Somebody on a Reddit thread says bout fucking Egypt,
which is just dumb.
That's Reddit, baby.
It's gotta be about your butt, you know,
because that's what you fuck.
Does your butt hurt?
Do you want it to?
Julius makes that joke,
and then like whether or not Cal liked it,
he feels a deeper connection to Cal,
but also has no idea if these plants are real or not.
We've stopped the van at this point.
Yeah, it's.
Like the road has ended.
Yeah, but the pen shows on the other side of this like wall.
Beck wants to get out and take a camera
and go as close to the thicket as he can
and just kind of shove the lens in there
and do a big, as hard, as big a zoom as he can on this lens.
And just see if he sees,
if the lens penetrates better than his eyes can,
what's ahead.
Okay, go ahead and roll video.
Videographer.
While he rolls that,
can I roll to see if I can find like a,
something to cut through these vines?
Are you fucking kidding me, dude?
I have an 80 in this and I rolled a 90.
No.
God damn it.
So as you shove it into there,
you feel that it gets almost like trapped in a spot
where some sticks were facing out away from you.
You kind of pushed it in where it kind of latches back
onto them as you try to pull the camera back out,
but you're able to kind of wrestle it out
without damaging the camera at all.
And as you look at through the viewfinder
of what you just shot while it was
out of your view completely,
you see that it zooms into a leaf.
As this happens, Julius is like,
he's the new producer.
He wants to just like get to the story as fast as possible.
And thank you, I knocked my ones off earlier.
Will a two find me something to cut through this in the van?
Yeah, a two will.
So what is in the van that can cut through some thick brush?
With the two, there's a machete in there for some reason.
No, so the van used to have-
Giant scythes on the wheels there still.
The van used to have like little like curtains.
Forward, Stevie.
The van used to have curtains in the back
so that like people could edit in the back while they drove.
But now there's just no windows.
And for six months, Beck lived in there.
Laying down underneath one of the seats,
there's like the slider thing that the-
Curtain rod.
The curtain rod, yeah.
So I grabbed the curtain rod.
Yeah, so you grab the curtain rod
and you start swiping through.
And as you're doing that,
Stevie's kind of gotten out of the van as well
and is putting her hands in it
and just kind of like moving them around.
I don't know, maybe there's something here.
And then you guys hear a boom.
Julius, you feel like you've connected
with something thick and steel with this rod.
Like it feels like metal on metal.
Yeah.
Oh shit.
Yeah, we're talking certain parts
of the periodic table in your hands here.
Have I like, like before I hit the metal, did I cut-
The hard parts.
Before I hit the metal, did I like cut any like foliage?
Yeah, I mean, you can keep kind of pushing it away
from where you've dunked
and you can see that there's a bit of steel,
the plant life growing up on it and around it.
As soon as Beck heard the dunk,
he would have whipped around
and started filming what's going on there.
Yeah.
Yeah, Julius is just gonna use the curtain rod
to try to like scrape stuff off of the like metal
that he hit to like try to reveal whatever it is.
And as you do so, you notice that there seems to be
some paint on the steel.
As you push the thicket and brush
and all of this plant life out of the way
with your curtain rod,
you push enough away to show
where this paint on the steel is showing.
There's actually an arrow and you reveal an arrow
that's pointing to the left.
And as you push more away, there's above it,
it says door.
What color arrow?
You move some more, it's a yellow arrow.
I knew it was gonna be yellow.
Fuck, it's a green arrow.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, that makes sense if you're wanting to hide it.
And green is pretty industrial and like a...
Yeah, good choice.
And like a modern evil corporation
that wants to hide that it's an evil corporation.
That's right.
Yellow on like steel is just classic bad guy shit.
I look at Beck, obviously just like pointing
to like get some footage of what I've just revealed.
Beck sets up a nice shot that has it centered.
Perfect.
Yeah, I wanna just start clearing
whether it's like scraping or swiping
or whatever I need to do
to get to where that arrow is pointing.
And the sun is coming into full force.
It's about 1030 a.m. now on this July 5th.
But it's gonna be cloudy later in the day
so the sun right now, it's full.
It's doing everything it can
while it can.
Would you say it's around 96 degrees at this point in time?
Yeah, but it feels like 98 and sweat is picking up.
You are actively getting moist while doing this work.
And I'm like whacking, I'm like, I'm going all out
whacking with this curtain rod that is like so bent.
Like little pieces of it are like falling off
while I'm doing it.
You guys look back, you see Stevie is crushing
her second canned cold brew of the trip.
And she brings over one energy drink to Mr. Wilder
and brings another Coke over to Mr. Colorado.
She somehow kept it cold.
She's like, I brought a cooler.
Stevie, you are...
Thank you, oh, you said everything.
A newsman without words, oh wow, what a compliment.
Stevie, would you?
Am I a wonder?
Like an improv podcaster without words, it never happens.
Julius, yeah, asks Stevie, would you mind?
And hands her the curtain rod.
Yeah, for sure.
First of all, I mean, energy drink is funny
but like when we get Coke as a sponsor,
I'll be the one laughing.
You guys are gonna wish you said monster.
Call your shots.
We can't, we wouldn't get Red Bull.
So Stevie will take this crumpled.
In my mind, it's mostly crumpled
but there's like one foot of like solid curtain rod.
Yeah, and she's gonna use that to just basically
push up against the steel where you've left off
and then drag it forcefully to the left
is just kind of heading toward this arrow.
You guys have made it probably eight feet of clearing
by this point and it's taken like 15 minutes.
Can I do like a search roll through this foliage
to see if I can find more of an easy point of access?
Yeah, absolutely, go ahead and roll.
Wait, okay, yeah, I was afraid of that.
That's a 66 on a 60, that's a critical failure.
You went to the right.
Well, I like, I trip into some of the foliage
like trying to point out something
and a bunch of our progress is eliminated, I think,
like 15 more minutes of hacking
because I brought down a bunch of vines and shit.
And Cal, as you trip.
I think I see something, fellas.
You trip and knock over a bunch of vines
which at first everyone thinks
is going to cause a deep impediment
but it actually reveals a thick metal hatch door.
And as you begin to pick yourself up off the ground,
you look down and see that you have fallen into poison oak.
Oh.
I was wondering, I was like,
we can't go through the door, it came from a crisp hill.
I was like, what the fuck?
We're not gonna go that way.
It seems like you really screwed up
and that's the bad thing that happened.
Cal, cover that up slowly.
We never saw the hatch.
Cal's like, no, my news hands.
So until you get this cleared up,
you're gonna be at a negative 20%
because you're gonna be dealing with how itchy you are.
To everything?
Yeah. Okay.
Stevie, Stevie, do you have any salve?
Actually, you know what?
It's gonna give you a plus,
it's gonna take away 20 on everything
but it's gonna give you a plus 20 on grip
because you're way more focused on your own body
than the world around you.
That's really cool.
I thought you meant grip.
Like, I was like, Zach, think about that.
Plus 20 to climb.
That's because your hands are so sticky
from them being just blisters.
My Cal ooze lets me cling to walls.
No, I actually really like that.
Like physical pain keeps you distracted from-
From your mental pain?
Yeah.
Flagellation, baby.
So plus 20 grip, minus 20 everything else?
Yep.
Whoa, Cal, you did it, man.
That's the door.
I suppose I did.
Let's see if there's a pin behind there.
No, no, Cal.
Yeah, all right.
Yeah, let's see if there's a pin.
I need you guys to stand back for a little bit.
Obviously, we need you to record the whole thing
and you're the face.
And I try to open the hatch up.
As you turn the wheel of this enormous metal hatch
into open, unlocked position
and with almost a free momentum
without giving any weight push at all.
As if it was like a hydraulic system to open up.
This door just, I'm gonna do it again.
Wait, is it going like this or like this?
Like a normal door, like a normal door.
I thought you said it was a hatch.
Yeah, I was picturing it on the ground too.
You said he fell onto, like a metal door.
I only use the word hatch and I keep doing this to you guys.
But when I say hatch, I just mean one of those
like a thick metal doors like in a submarine.
Yeah, like a SpongeBob door.
But not necessarily round.
Exactly.
Gotcha.
Yeah, this is magic.
Okay, cool, I gotcha, perfectly.
Like 007.
A door that you open with a cool spinny thing.
Yeah, the cool spinny thing does that noise.
Those can be round, but this one is not.
Just to make sure.
This is vertical door leading into the structure
that we were previously hacking at, right?
Yep, and it's the one that the arrow was pointing at.
That too.
Cool.
I go in if it opens.
Beck wants to turn on the light of his camera.
It is not dark on the other side.
In fact, it's quite bright.
And as the three of you walk through,
Stevie right behind you on your tail,
carrying all of your gear.
Beck has a tail, by the way.
Heh heh heh heh heh heh.
Riding Beck's tail.
Stan Stevie is three inches tall.
Listening to Julius' tail.
Heh heh heh heh heh heh.
On the other side of this enormous and lush impediment
is a vast opening with plenty to unpack.
He said vast opening with plenty to unpack.
First, you see an unnecessarily massive bridge,
20 meters tall and 100 meters long.
This bridge is a minimalist construction
showcasing the steel that seems to be the only way
over this deep, wide and foggy ravine.
On your side of this bridge,
a single simple steel train car is waiting
in a simple steel single train car sized train station,
presumably here to take you across this awe inducing chasm.
On the outside of this minimalist depot,
above a wall of lockers is a sign that says,
Welcome to Grover's Gorge,
founded by Frank Godel in 1945
by necessity, not choice.
My life is great
And it's all my fault
Cause my life is great
And it's all mine
Cause my life is great
And it's all my fault
