What's good, my friends? Y'all want to know what's really good? Your boy Wolf the dog sure does
What's really good is me being your host on the greatest show in the known and unknown universe
six nine four point two PTBP
The only show that will let y'all know what's really going on in all the dimensions
Suck it NPR. What do you fools even know about the 27th dimension?
Speaking of other dimensions this week's howling with wolf comes from Justin Jay from the Twitter
Dimension who tagged that pretending pod in a tweet about benching the whole show in four days. Whoa
Hell yeah, Justin Jay on Twitter. They write
Hey wolf long time listener first time howler
I wanted to give a shout out to my best friend Dan
Well best friend besides my wife your taste in music and games and podcast is unparalleled
And I'm glad I could turn you on to the adventures of our boys and contention
You're also an invaluable asset and we couldn't make our show without you. What show you ask?
Well, if y'all want more supernatural nonsense in your lives, you should check out the cryptid cases
See you Friday, probably hell yeah, Justin Jay from Twitter
Thanks for writing about the show and spreading the good word of the fine folks of PTBP
I like your name
Justin it reminds me of a name I once had in a past life in another dimension
I look forward to seeing you Friday probably but you will not see me on Friday
Probably I like to hang out from afar usually using some binoculars or telescopes just
watching
Waiting until the time is just right
Remember if you want to write up something for your wolf the how tag at pretending pod on
Instagram or Twitter tag pretending to be people on Facebook or write a five-star review and email us at pretending pod at gmail.com
Also the contest happening over on the subreddit ends at
1159 p.m. Central time on September 23rd
all entries have a shot at winning a D&D 5th edition starter set and the winner will receive a
hardback slip case set of Delta green the role-playing game
Check out all the gorgeous entries on the thread so far as they are all stunning in their own delightful ways
Gorgeous stunning
Delightful it can't be but it is it's the news
with Keith vigna
Unconscious Clark Bishop and John Lee Pettymore took turns tossing grenades into the maw of the atrociously massive fish person creature
Doug Jacobs in the body of agent Trent Chad was
decapitated by the scythe of a fishy humanoid
This same gamey bipedal amphibian then lodged that scythe into the skull of Kathy piston
John Lee Kevin Moore was swallowed whole by Big Daddy fish monster, but swam through the whole Keith made previously
However, an unseen force dragged his body down to the bottom of the tank up against the glass of that
gargantuan aquarium in Kevin Lee Pettymore made direct eye contact with Marvin glass as
lungs filled with water
Like the lead singer the pussycat dolls once said don't hold your breath. It's kudzu with no backbone, baby
Oh
My mama made me miss my M&Ms. Oh my
Hey Clark, hey Joe, you can you can call me Clark you can call me Clark
Clark you are
Standing on the wet catwalk above this murky water in this dank room
Keith vigna is in your arms and in front of you both is the lone
Standing fish man
Just previously the giant monstrosity
That is in the deep and four times bigger than the normal fish man
swallowed John Lee Pettymore John Lee Kevin more hole and
Then dove into the depths below
We are still in combat and shit it is the top of the order which means
It is Clark Bishop's turn
Looking down into the water. Can I see big fish boy?
Or is he just completely out of sight at this point completely out of sight at this point? Okay
I'm going to take a shot at the fish man in front of me
Go ahead and roll firearms as you kind of back up with Keith vigna in your arms
You are backing into a part of the catwalk that has been ripped down by the giant monstrosity
So there's water behind you. Do you roll a successful firearms check?
I did a 13 on an 80. All right, go ahead and roll a d10 for me for damage
For all right, so there's no catwalk behind me at all. No, it has been ripped down
Could I make a maneuver across that corner? You would have to roll an athletics check at a negative 20%
Because you're holding on to Keith vigna. I would give you a negative 40 but Keith vigna
He's a rubbery guy. He's pretty easy to hold on to I don't feel like I can risk it
So I'll just wait and see what happens. All righty
But it's the fish man that's in front of me is blocking my way us ostensibly ostensibly
He is even though he's on the opposite side of the elevator door
He is still blocking your way because behind you in between you in the elevator door
It's just this torn down catwalk and you're not sure if you jump down into it with a couple
Feet of water up on to your knees
It might break all the way off and fall into the depths plunge below
so it is this
It looks like a human. Honestly, it does it looks like a human person that has been genetically modified or
grown and birthed in some
Unnatural way to make them look like this and sure your everyday monstrosity
Exactly, and this everyday monstrosity is coming at you with a massive scythe
And it fails its rule. Thank God
So it kind of lunges toward you and you move just right out of the way as it comes for you and it's back to
You it's just gonna go back and forth here. Oh for real. Yes, sir. So what would you like to do?
What are damage mechanics if I wanted to use that scythe against him
Could I use an unarmed combat to take that flail at me and turn it on him?
I think we've done that before. Yeah, actually
You can you can absolutely do that. Yes. Okay, I'm gonna show that would mean you're gonna basically do unarmed combat
Okay against him. So go ahead and roll that. I
I
Pass a 38 on a 70 he's gonna try to fight back and he failed with a 91 fuck
yeah, so what you're gonna do is it with this you can take control of his scythe and
Do damage with it. So that damage is a d8 plus two. So go ahead and roll that for me. Oh, dude
I don't think I have a d8 sitting out. Do you I have a d8?
It's one of the nice metal ones that you gave me sweet. I hope it rolls an eight
It fucking did
Yeah, that is it had six hit points left with fuck two armor
You take it just down to zero do you want to describe how you take control of this fish man's
Main weapon and take it down when he came swinging at me and he totally whiffed in the air my gun hand I
Reached out and wrapped my arm around at that peg or that the stick of the scythe. Absolutely and just lunge forward
I was probably wanting to aim as high as I could to decapitate but we'll see how high that got me
It got him like maybe oh it goes
It goes straight
Straight through one of its gills on the side of its neck and you actually see a the scythe goes
Into the gills and comes out of the fish man's mouth with the human teeth
And so the point of the scythe is coming out through its big smile. That's a nice little kung-fu move. I put on that boy
And as you do that it falls
Onto the catwalk next to you and you are standing in this
murky
damp dank
prison torture chamber aquatic mess by yourself
Keith vigna is in your arms. You did all that with him like as a puppet and
Like a marionette like in front of you
Yeah
Are we still in combat orders do I need to know and as you stand there kind of reeling from this
you feel a
Rumble from beneath and looking down you see this massive explosion
Happen deep down in the water and the bubbles start coming and they don't stop coming
John Lee Pettymore got fed to the fish and he hit the ground running did him. All right, so
as these bubbles are hitting top of the water so to a
Massive fish side
Humanoid flank of fish flank of fish
Floats to the top of the water
That's either a really good sign or a really bad and then on the other side of you
You see the bottom half of this monstrosity with its weird legs
Fused together and it's tight tight genitals
in between and
Next to it. You see the bottom half of George piston and the top half of George piston
I
Said that's an okay half to see as far as knowing that John's down there
And I need you to roll a sanity check. Oh shit
I do not pass. It's a 30 on a 16. Okay. I need you to go down to 15 losing one sanity and
you just break down in this room and
As you're standing there holding the body of Keith Wigner
crying as a God
Who has failed?
ding
The elevator door opens up
Oh, do you want it to be empty
Did you think it would be empty
a little afraid of getting at all this and then fighting some in an elevator, so
I guess we'll see what's happening. It's empty. Oh
Thank God is Keith in my arms do I think he's dead as I'm holding him or do I know that he's
Unconscious or whatever roll a first aid check. Okay. Oh
Fuck
Shit at 38 on a 30. All right, so close he is
Super dead
I
Drop him in the water
Burial at sea. No, I'm not gonna drop him in the water
I'm gonna try I want to get to the elevator and I just want to throw him between
The threshold like over the threshold so that the doors can't close. Okay, it keeps the elevator there
You're doing this and then I want to go back to what the last place I saw John Lee Pettymore
Is it in the same place that the now body has reemerged resurfaced or is it in a different area now the?
There's not a current in here so everything that floated to the top is where it was earlier
Is that what you asked essentially?
I was wondering if the when the when the big guy got him did he swim away with him?
Seems like you went straight down. Okay
Fuck there's other people hanging in this room. Yes. Do I a recognize any of them and B
Can I tell if any of them are alive or actually I'm more looking for any of them that are already dead
There's the nearest one to you is already dead
The other three seem to be unconscious that you can see but one is like very clearly
skin
dilapidating to the point of the fish hook has ripped its way from the middle of the forearm all the way up to the
Hands and it's just hanging clearly by bones at this point
Yeah, I was thinking I was gonna use him to like see if there were other monsters in the water
But I'm nervous about time with that if John Lee Pettymore is still alive and under the surface
I think I'm going to have to
dive in
And look for him. Okay. How do I do that?
You dive in Clark takes off his contention uniform and he's in his tidy whiteies off to do so amazing
Alright, are you bringing anything? Are you bringing the the scythe with you? Yeah
Yeah, that's not gonna leave my side for as long as I can keep it
That's a cool weapon of destruction right there
All right
according to the rules you have
Con times five rounds if you take a full breath before you jump in
So you have a shitload of rounds? Yeah, that's a lot
So I am going to I also have that thing that makes it so that my con is extra high
Oh my gosh. Yeah, so you have plenty of time
Yeah, so if your search is above a 40 you'll find what you're looking for
But if it's not if it's a 40 or below then I'll have you roll search. So what is your search skill?
I don't have any in search. So I have the baseline of 20. Okay, so you'll need to roll. Okay
Shit
Oh
Zach you want to take a picture of this? I rolled it. I rolled a 19
My god, I rolled a fucking 19 on a 20. I'm like shaking
Hahaha
Joe Terry's ability to roll successes in the most dire of situations keeps me on my toes as a GM more than
anything else
More than Luke just like claiming that things exist like more than Thomas doing jokes like
your ability to roll successes when you have nothing in the skill is
Mind-blowing that that was incredible. I literally have an adrenaline surge right now
Joe Clark is swimming through this murkiness and
swimming and swimming and
You're trying to find anything but the water is so
So opaque with how dirty and disgusting it is every once in a while
You find these pockets of like cool water that are a little bit easier to see through but for the most part
it is
Impossible to see more than a foot in front of your face down here
but all of a sudden you reach out and you feel
Clothes
And you feel the body of John Lee Pettymore in front of you and
Continuing to reach for it. You see he is pressed up against glass
Some sort of a wall here. What do you want to do?
You're on the other side of John Lee Pettymore from this glass as you swim up are my eyes open enough underwater that I can
See him at this point. Yes, are his eyes open or closed? He is faced away from you and he seems to be
Forcibly pushed up against this glass. Oh shit
Can I run a hand?
Kind of toward the front of him
Here's Joe's theory and probably Clark's too is that maybe he's being
Suctioned into that window because there's a hole in it and the water is trying to be rushed out
So can I feel that hole if there is one you feel all the way down? I'm gonna roll
dice I
Need you to roll stealth as I roll something else
I've got a 30 in that I
Got a 36 on a 30 so I fail I'm not gonna tell you what I rolled fuck
Fuck but I rolled dice
So, but so I just I don't feel that hole right you do not feel a hole
Okay as you run your hand, but you do feel pressure
Pulling his body up against this glass. Can I get my face closer to the glass and maybe see what's on the other side?
Yes, you can what lastly looking on the other side of the glass
You push your face up against it and open up your eyes in this disgusting water and
You see a large
office and in the middle of this office, there's a desk and
Marvin Glass is standing at this desk
Holding up a picture in his hand and he's showing it to Rosemary
who's standing on the other side of the desk and
He is like shaking it in her face and
With his other hand. He is holding it out
Toward the glass toward you toward John Lee petty more
Fuck so I'm pressed against the glass and I'm seeing that can I look like down as if I were looking down at myself and see
If there's any water coming out of where John is there's there's not right? There's not okay
I'm gonna try and pull him away from the glass and see what happens. Okay, I need you to roll strength. Okay. Okay, okay. I
Pass a 32 on a 65 as you pull at John Lee petty Moore's body you feel
Absolutely, no change
You feel it is as if you are trying to pull a statue
Away from its place on the ground or trying to pull a
Car to the side with your hands. Like it's just not gonna move not gonna budge
Fuck does Kevin John have any grenades left on him? No. Yeah, I didn't think so. I don't think I could do either
I'm afraid to ask a question because the you'll think about it. It'll be no
Can I fire my gun underwater in real life? I don't think you can I don't think so
Right. I don't think you can I think there are guns in this world that you can fire underwater
But I don't think that you're like service pistol is one of them. Fuck
Can I get a sense of how far down below the catwalks?
I have traveled to find the John Lee petty Moore's body against the glass role intelligence for me. I
Pass a 20 on a 55 like 40 meters. It's pretty deep
I want to roll first aid to see if John Lee petty Moore is actually alive or not
Okay, reach for that pulse while you roll first aid. I
Pass five on a 30 John Lee petty Moore's heart is no longer beating
He's kind of robot II though, I don't know if he needs a heart anymore I
Don't have a heart you wouldn't find a heartbeat on me and I'm dandy
And that's why you don't have to roll sanity
I'm kind of at a loss here. Here's what I think I'm gonna try because I've got such good
underwater swimming skills that I've just made up just now
Can I swim up to the top here's what I want to do
I'll tell you the whole action that I want to hit me with it
So I want to swim back up to the top jump onto the catwalk run over to
Keith's body and try and find his strong tiny powerful gun
I want to run back to the edge of the catwalk and shoot down where I last was
Trying to break the glass into into glasses office. I want to break the glass into glasses office so that it floods
Okay, give me any and all roles I need to do to make that happen
This is gonna be good
You swim back down you got that
insane
Constitution and we'll say that you you felt your way around to figure out like where you were on the catwalk
So you get up on the catwalk?
Still like empty in here
Just these unconscious and maybe dead bodies hanging in the background as you walk over to the body of Keith Vigna
Which is halfway into the elevator and the elevator door is like as you're walking up. It's like going. Yeah
It just keeps hitting
And he's losing a hit point every time
He killed John Lee Pettymore
What else can you do it sounds like Clark's winning
Clark won the game. So
This was player versus player the whole time
You guys knew that right? Yeah
So you go over and you grab this small powerful pistol off of Keith's belt
Or inside his massive cargo shorts rather
Yeah, you drop back down into the water. What are you doing?
You're diving down with this gun still in your whitey-tities drenched from head to toe walking on the catwalk
The image of this is fantastic. I love it, too
I so in my quick explanation, I said I was gonna shoot from the catwalk. Oh, I was trying on the cat
I was trying to avoid the waterlogged gun issue. Gotcha with his powerful gun to maybe help with the extra distance
Gotcha. Gotcha. Gotcha. Go ahead and roll a roll a sanity check for me
This wasn't to lose sanity. This is just to gauge a
a
Feeling oh my god
I pass a 12 on a 15 now's an interesting time to pass a sanity check when it when it doesn't matter
for losing sanity points
Yeah, you you fully you look at this gun you say no. No all guns can't fire underwater. I'm sure
And
That's gonna be a boon to you in the future so okay describe what you're doing here
I'm going back to the edge
To the wall and
The sweat is dripping down your balls as you fire making the bitches crawl
All right, so you ski ski motherfucker
And when you fire the very first time you fire you see a crack
Do you continue to fire? Yes. Yes. Yes, I do
You continue firing?
until a
leak
Begins and then all of a sudden you see the spiderweb of cracks
Grow so quickly across this entire
Wall and in one swift movement all the glass
Breaks out and all of this water starts rushing into the room
Where you saw Marvin glass and Rosemary
Fuck yeah, you're still standing on this catwalk. What do you do as the water presumably starts lowering because it's being rushed into that room
Yeah, can I see better what's happening in that room from where I am? I'm specifically looking to see if
John's body is being swept in with it
And I'm specifically looking to see where Marvin has ended up or is or is ending up or is maybe running
I don't know. That's really interesting because when you look down into this next room over as you will you see
Marvin glass and
rosemary
Marvin glass has his hands up and
His desk is still right in front of him. It's at standing height. He doesn't sit at his desk. It's a standing desk
he's trying to be healthy and
He is holding himself
the desk and
rosemary
Above the water as it's rushing in below him and as the water settles into like us one level
Covering the floor of both of these rooms these very very large rooms
He holds a hand down and then he lowers himself
And rosemary on to the top of the water and both of them are standing on the water
You do not see the body of John lee petting more
Roll stealth for me. Whoa. Whoa. Okay first roll sanity. Let's go ahead and do that. Okay
I fail the sanity a
35 on a 15. All right, you're gonna lose to sanity. All righty. I'm at 13 now
I need you what is your stealth at I'm gonna give you a negative for losing that sanity. I've got a 30 in stealth
Okay. Well, I'm giving you a negative 40. So
No need to roll here. I guess
Actually, go ahead and roll. Let's see if your dice match and if the dice match no matter what it's a critical fail
Oh boy
The dice do not match
It's a 49. It's a regular fail as Marvin glass whips his head up and makes direct eye contact
with you
I hurt my side though
my rib hit my
Oh
Something something feels bad. That's a heck of a scream. Oh god, you ruptured your appendix
Heartbreaking I need you to roll power for me
Okay, okay, it's a contest, okay
God I pass but it's really low I pass with a six
He
Actually passed with a nine nice Wow a six and a nine
You feel your entire body sees
you no longer have control and he lifts up his hand and
in one swift movement, like do you remember when you were in the
Cemetery and that creature just moved into position
You do that and all of a sudden you are standing in front of Marvin glass
You're standing on the water and you are standing on
The water I can feel my weight in my shoes and standing on it. Yes, you can. Oh my god, that's cool
I need you to roll another sanity check for me
Because
You just changed locations so quickly fail 80. Oh fuck. It's a fail above my power
85 what do you want to do here Clark as a god who is standing on water now?
Who is now standing on water?
If he's still got me held I can't do anything but that for for describing what's going on in inside Clark's head
he would we he'd be freaking the fuck out and
wanting to
Wanting to rip Marvin in the limb from limb. He would be
He would be fighting with every fiber of his body to get out of the hole that whatever Marvin has on him and
Shoving the small but powerful pistol into his fucking mouth. Yeah, it looks really sad because you can't do any of that
Yeah, we can see on your face how badly you want to so as far as these disorders go
I mean that would probably like it would be fucking up his brain from the inside. Yes, I would be I would be melting in
Inward to not be able to express what I'm feeling right now
All right, well, uh, we'll stop there for now I'm gonna go grab Luke oh shit
Luke yes, Keith Vigno is unconscious. Yeah, I
I just saw some stuff
Luke Keith Vigna's eyes open and they're staring into black darkness
just pure obsidian
Reflection looking back down at you
And you notice that you have been jammed
halfway into this elevator and the elevators doors are
Closing on you just like close open close open close
Open and you feel on your chest where you got just shredded
earlier
You feel a bit of walking around and you hear
Hey friend, I'm almost done. I'm almost done taking care of you
Are you gonna I hope that you're feeling better and you gain four hit points? Oh, yeah
I think you were at two hit points when you went is right. So you're up to six hit points now and
looking down you see that Peter Dieter is spitting his like weird saliva all over you and then like
Using his little human hands to like close up your wounds
basically a tear
Falls down what my right eye and I just say you don't know how good it is to see you
I never thought I'd see you again. I'm glad I could I'm glad I could save you my friend
It's really it's really nice to see a friend again. I was inside of
Darkness for a long time and it was really gross in there and I just I hated it. There were all these
Are these bad friends, you know, yeah, they kept coming in and they were all very
Very standoffish. How did you get out? I swam there was a there's a lot of water rushing
And I just went with the current
Okay
Yeah
As you as you look down you actually see the water in this room
This room that you've just been trapped in for some time. The water is
Much lower than it was before like
40 meters lower. Okay than it was before and looking down you see the wall on the right side is gone
Which is where you think that aquarium class was so it appears to have been
Probably broken it appears to have probably been broken are my eyes adjusting at all
Is it getting a little less?
Can I see a little better in here you can see a little bit better as you're coming to
Consciousness and looking down you see that there was a room next to this room at a lower point and it is
Marvin Glasses office
but the floor is made entirely of water and
Marvin Glass is standing on this water behind his platform podium like desk and
across from him is
Clark Bishop and
Rose Mary do they see me I need you to roll stealth. What's Keith victim percent ten percent?
Not a sneaky guy
89 all right, would you like to spend 79 luck to make that a success? No, I can't and I wouldn't anyway
All right with that
Marvin Glass looks up at you. He is
150 200 yards away, but you feel it when you look down you feel his eyes
staring into you I want to
crab walk backwards into the
Into the elevator. I should roll power for me
18 on a 50 I rolled a six
Wait, it means you win. Yay
All right, so what that means is as you back away you see in front of you Peter Deeter is
Lifted off of you and goes flying down below as you scurry back into the elevator and the door closes
Oh, I needed him roll sanity. I know you don't have empathy. No technically I
Mean you do Luke feels bad, right?
But Peter Deeter, I think Keith feels bad because Peter could have helped him
But not I don't feel bad for not an emotional way, right? No, it's because you needed a
Compatriot on you. I needed help. I didn't care about him necessarily. Yeah
The door closes and you were in this elevator is there lighter is it also like just pitch black no, there's light in here
It's as you've been in this elevator before and it looks very similar except for now
It is wet because you are soaking wet and it is covered in your blood
Yeah, so with his spit and whatnot has it patched up a little bit of the bleeding. Yes, it has. Okay, cool. I
Stand up. Is there any thing else in here with me or is it just me?
It is just you and the elevator begins moving backwards and then up and then across
And then up like that Roald Dahl book just like that
These schnoz berries don't taste anything like schnoz berries. Yeah
So
the elevator door opens
into a lab and
Looking around you can see these
These clear dividing walls all over the place are covered in like Expo marker with all this crazy math
All over this is not the one that I the lab that I came out of recently. No, it is not
however, you see a familiar face inside this lab that is full of
computers and magnets and all these
electrical shit and there's a panel of television screens and there's a window into another room like a
Like almost like an interrogation room like in the police station, but the room that's inside is completely covered in blood
And the person that you see in this room is
the scientist
Dressed in the scientist lady. Yeah. Yeah, and she's dressed in this white lab coat
And she's got the goggles and the hair going all crazy to top her head
She's walking around and she looks up. She sees you she sees your hurt. She's like
Well, what are you doing around here hey, I need your help with something you're Keith, right?
We just fixed you up
Yeah, I was sent on a mission by by Marvin and well, I came back to report to him what happened
But I got in a little trouble. Oh, I don't I walk into the room
I'm looking for my little fish friend. He was in that room where we fixed you up earlier
He was in there, but oh, yeah, but he's not there now
So I'm looking for him here in Francis's lab. Have you seen him cute little fella?
well
the mission Marvin sent me on
Right before he did it. He uh, I think he tried to kill that little fish guy
He sent him into the big aquarium down there. He
somehow he put his fist through the glass and just let him go and
There was some
Much bigger fish in there that I don't know if he he would have made it or not. The scientists face just melts
into the sad
Placidity oh
Okay, they make sense, but I don't know for sure. I didn't see him get eaten or anything
He might still be swimming around in there. He might have escaped. I don't know. Can I do a human on her? Sure
Yeah, I want to see if she's somebody that I can like trust to
Information that I know, okay
64 and an 80. All right. Yeah, she is
She's really hurt by this to the point to where this is like crushing information
I thought maybe you wanted to hurt him or something
But I just got hurt up in a I was in a room over the over the water
The aquarium or whatever is and yeah of the torch
Yeah, I was in the torture chamber and I've gotten to a little skiff and I was hurt
I was I got knocked out and I was a plea and
With one of them prisoners. No one of the one of those fish men. I don't know why they were attacking me, but they did
No, no, no, well, there's no way my boys would ever do well and I just show her
you know the wounds that I have I'm like one of them did this and well
Your little fish friend. I'm a nicknamed him Peter. I woke up to him
Helping me out. I was about to die I think and he he healed me up real good
But right before I got in the elevator, he got somehow got thrown off
He might have got thrown down with Marvin Oh
where
Wait, how did he get to Marvin's office? There's not an entrance that well I saw him
There's a lot less water in that aquarium
now when I when I got knocked out it was almost up to where I was in the catwalk and
Now there it's about you know hundreds of feet lower than it is now Oh
Hundreds of well eat I
Don't know. I was dark in there. It was a lot less water down in there
I could see it was Marvin standing with a couple other people. Oh the the water flooded Marvin's office
I guess if that's where Marvin hangs out at that's all I that's all I saw
But was it if you think that he might be in the right when you walked in? Yeah. Oh, no
I gotta get down there then. Oh, well, can I come with you? I saw I think I might have seen a I
Don't know it's a if it's a friend or an enemy, but somebody that I recognize too. Yeah, I
Absolutely. Let's go down there. Do you want to do anything before you leave? I would like to search the room. Yeah. All right
Go ahead and roll search for me
Oh
38 on a 40 awesome. So as you're explaining all this and you guys are having this conversation
you're looking around this room and
Noting everything that is around you find all these
VHS tapes lined up right next to the panel of screens next to a VHS player and
you can see that this is footage you're guessing from the room that is covered in blood and
When you're looking around at the math that it's all over these boards you would notice that is Francis's handwriting
Hey before we leave what what went on in that room? Oh
Yeah, and now this is where what Francis's job. I'll just tell you later. I want to
Swipe one of the VHS tapes and put it. Oh, I can show you that later if you want
You probably shouldn't take it with you I guess we could pop it in right now if you're there
I would like to see it with my own eyes. Oh
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's gonna be far better. Just seeing your face. Watch this
So you put in this VHS tape and it's static on the
screens in front of you and then you see it's security footage from the corner of this room and it's covered in blood and
In the room there's a desk a
Table and behind the table. There's a person standing and it's a
it's a young man, and he is rail thin absolutely malnourished and
Does it remind me of like a one of the cage fighting kids?
Absolutely reminds you of one of the cage fighting kids and this kid reaches out in front and in front of him on the desk
There is a small metal sphere
and when
He reaches out and grabs onto the sphere
You see immediately
multiple shiny limbs extend from this small metal sphere and
Slam into the walls on either side
giving it the leverage it needs to fling itself out of the hand of this young boy and
up on top
One of its appendages slices into the soft tissue on the back of his neck and another snaps his head forward
You can see a fracture as the third metal tendril reaches in
Gripping the top of this young boy's spine
Where it meets his head and it rips his entire
Spinal cord out of his body in one swift motion and then it forces itself
into the hole that it made
and then all of a sudden
The boy just starts running and slamming his head into the wall
Repeatedly until he falls to the ground bleeding all over the room
The scientist is laughing as she's watching you watch this. I need you to roll sanity for me. I don't think so
Yeah, maybe the sanity is going to be for the the science fiction nature of right
You just saw I don't I mine is really low
Yeah, I rolled a 43 on 8 so alright
You are going to lose to sanity taking you down to 6 sanity. Hold on
So I got to my breaking point the last time that's why oh wait, that's why you have the way I have that
I don't think I ever changed what my next breaking point was. You don't have one. I'm joking
Yeah, your next your next breaking point will be zero in which case you lose your mind completely
Cool, cool
That'll be fun. Yeah, super fun
So I think Keith, you know not too much bothered by the violent aspect of it
But seeing that metal ball turn into some sort of weird
Silver monster thing and seeing that happen and
I asked her I'm like, is this what is on all of these videotapes? Oh, yeah
We're trying to figure out what's the deal with the metal balls?
Is that so every time you is any time somebody touches one of those metal balls that happens but she nods her head and her hair
Frantically fucks the top. I've
I've seen one of these before and I've seen somebody touch it and that doesn't happen you did what now you saw what?
I've seen one of those before and well who had it? Where was it from?
We can get into it later after we go rescue your fish friend. Let's talk while we walk
All right. Okay, you guys start talking and walking. So you tell me you saw one in Spears. We found it in a
Fucked up head of a body which makes me
Keith in his mind is like oh fuck, you know like
yeah, we got it out and we handled it and
Nothing happened to it. Oh
You touched the ball. No, I didn't but who do you well one of my fellow officers?
Went back before all this shit went down. I was a police officer. I probably yeah, I'm not anymore
I don't I don't guess but
yeah, he had it on him and he touched it we had another one too and
we had a
Well, this might be too much information, but fuck it
Been a weird weird week. We have a bag that if you put these these silver balls in there, they disappear
They do what now they disappear you put it in the bag and then there's nothing in it after that is
Remarkable and it doesn't make sense. Where do you find these they're
Let's go ahead and just and that elevator door that you're in opens up and you are looking at the hallway that leads to
Marvin Glasses office and
You walk down to the end of the hallway
there's a 10 by 10 slab of black marble an
enormous and strange door that slowly slides open as you approach and
As it slides open Keith gets a weird shiver down his neck because he remembers the last time he was here you
Remember looking down at this room earlier and she says wait a second
There was water and as she's saying that water just starts
Exploding out of this door and begins filling up the hallway that you were in needed a role in athletics check to swim
Oh
All right
Joe Clark Bishop is
standing in front of Marvin Glass unable to move and the first thing that he says is
Visitors and then he holds up his hand and he pulls up out of the water below you
Keith Vigna and
The scientist the woman in the white lab coat and the goggles and the foppish hair
That's the classic mad scientist the classic mad scientist and they both immediately
Come out of the water. They're drenched and then all of a sudden they're both standing there next to you as well when you both
Look around you see on this desk on this like platform
Desk in front of you
He has sitting
the very strange camera
the very strange gun and
a silver sphere
that is on a little platform and
in his hand
It's a picture and you recognize it as one of the Polaroid pictures that would come out of this strange camera
and he holds it up to the two of you and
Looking at this picture you see in this darkness
This world of darkness that you've seen before with the ground made of light coming up
you see
John Lee Pettymore in the body of Kevin Keith Vigna and Clark Bishop and he says
Tell me
What you know about this?
I
Keith literally does what I just did and his
Mouth agape jaw dropped the same. I can't I don't like
Oh
Try
Try
You
