0.00 269.26 speaker0  What's good, my friends? Y'all want to know what's really good? Your boy Wolf the dog sure does What's really good is me being your host on the greatest show in the known and unknown universe six nine four point two PTBP The only show that will let y'all know what's really going on in all the dimensions Suck it NPR. What do you fools even know about the 27th dimension? Speaking of other dimensions this week's howling with wolf comes from Justin Jay from the Twitter Dimension who tagged that pretending pod in a tweet about benching the whole show in four days. Whoa Hell yeah, Justin Jay on Twitter. They write Hey wolf long time listener first time howler I wanted to give a shout out to my best friend Dan Well best friend besides my wife your taste in music and games and podcast is unparalleled And I'm glad I could turn you on to the adventures of our boys and contention You're also an invaluable asset and we couldn't make our show without you. What show you ask? Well, if y'all want more supernatural nonsense in your lives, you should check out the cryptid cases See you Friday, probably hell yeah, Justin Jay from Twitter Thanks for writing about the show and spreading the good word of the fine folks of PTBP I like your name Justin it reminds me of a name I once had in a past life in another dimension I look forward to seeing you Friday probably but you will not see me on Friday Probably I like to hang out from afar usually using some binoculars or telescopes just watching Waiting until the time is just right Remember if you want to write up something for your wolf the how tag at pretending pod on Instagram or Twitter tag pretending to be people on Facebook or write a five-star review and email us at pretending pod at gmail.com Also the contest happening over on the subreddit ends at 1159 p.m. Central time on September 23rd all entries have a shot at winning a D&D 5th edition starter set and the winner will receive a hardback slip case set of Delta green the role-playing game Check out all the gorgeous entries on the thread so far as they are all stunning in their own delightful ways Gorgeous stunning Delightful it can't be but it is it's the news Unconscious Clark Bishop and John Lee Pettymore took turns tossing grenades into the maw of the atrociously massive fish person creature Doug Jacobs in the body of agent Trent Chad was decapitated by the scythe of a fishy humanoid This same gamey bipedal amphibian then lodged that scythe into the skull of Kathy piston John Lee Kevin Moore was swallowed whole by Big Daddy fish monster, but swam through the whole Keith made previously However, an unseen force dragged his body down to the bottom of the tank up against the glass of that gargantuan aquarium in Kevin Lee Pettymore made direct eye contact with Marvin glass as lungs filled with water Like the lead singer the pussycat dolls once said don't hold your breath. It's kudzu with no backbone, baby
263.22 309.90 speaker1  Standing on the wet catwalk above this murky water in this dank room Keith vigna is in your arms and in front of you both is the lone Standing fish man Just previously the giant monstrosity That is in the deep and four times bigger than the normal fish man swallowed John Lee Pettymore John Lee Kevin more hole and Then dove into the depths below We are still in combat and shit it is the top of the order which means
307.06 330.34 speaker0  Looking down into the water. Can I see big fish boy? I'm going to take a shot at the fish man in front of me
323.82 446.64 speaker1  You are backing into a part of the catwalk that has been ripped down by the giant monstrosity So there's water behind you. Do you roll a successful firearms check? Because you're holding on to Keith vigna. I would give you a negative 40 but Keith vigna He is even though he's on the opposite side of the elevator door He is still blocking your way because behind you in between you in the elevator door It's just this torn down catwalk and you're not sure if you jump down into it with a couple Feet of water up on to your knees so it is this It looks like a human. Honestly, it does it looks like a human person that has been genetically modified or grown and birthed in some
442.24 461.96 speaker2  Could I use an unarmed combat to take that flail at me and turn it on him?
459.96 485.78 speaker1  I yeah, so what you're gonna do is it with this you can take control of his scythe and
483.32 491.62 speaker2  I don't think I have a d8 sitting out. Do you I have a d8?
486.54 533.34 speaker1  It's one of the nice metal ones that you gave me sweet. I hope it rolls an eight
527.18 544.22 speaker2  I was probably wanting to aim as high as I could to decapitate but we'll see how high that got me It got him like maybe oh it goes It goes straight
537.60 717.16 speaker1  Straight through one of its gills on the side of its neck and you actually see a the scythe goes Into the gills and comes out of the fish man's mouth with the human teeth Onto the catwalk next to you and you are standing in this murky damp dank prison torture chamber aquatic mess by yourself Like a marionette like in front of you Yeah you feel a Rumble from beneath and looking down you see this massive explosion Happen deep down in the water and the bubbles start coming and they don't stop coming Massive fish side Floats to the top of the water You see the bottom half of this monstrosity with its weird legs Fused together and it's tight tight genitals in between and Next to it. You see the bottom half of George piston and the top half of George piston I you just break down in this room and As you're standing there holding the body of Keith Wigner crying as a God Who has failed? ding The elevator door opens up Did you think it would be empty
712.36 811.10 speaker2  a little afraid of getting at all this and then fighting some in an elevator, so I guess we'll see what's happening. It's empty. Oh Thank God is Keith in my arms do I think he's dead as I'm holding him or do I know that he's Unconscious or whatever roll a first aid check. Okay. Oh Fuck Drop him in the water Burial at sea. No, I'm not gonna drop him in the water I'm gonna try I want to get to the elevator and I just want to throw him between The threshold like over the threshold so that the doors can't close. Okay, it keeps the elevator there Is it in the same place that the now body has reemerged resurfaced or is it in a different area now the? Fuck there's other people hanging in this room. Yes. Do I a recognize any of them and B Can I tell if any of them are alive or actually I'm more looking for any of them that are already dead
805.58 836.54 speaker1  The other three seem to be unconscious that you can see but one is like very clearly skin dilapidating to the point of the fish hook has ripped its way from the middle of the forearm all the way up to the Hands and it's just hanging clearly by bones at this point
830.22 870.22 speaker2  But I'm nervous about time with that if John Lee Pettymore is still alive and under the surface I think I'm going to have to dive in
868.22 928.78 speaker1  according to the rules you have Con times five rounds if you take a full breath before you jump in So you have a shitload of rounds? Yeah, that's a lot Yeah, so if your search is above a 40 you'll find what you're looking for But if it's not if it's a 40 or below then I'll have you roll search. So what is your search skill?
926.78 942.92 speaker2  Hahaha
941.14 1034.26 speaker1  anything else More than Luke just like claiming that things exist like more than Thomas doing jokes like your ability to roll successes when you have nothing in the skill is swimming and swimming and You're trying to find anything but the water is so So opaque with how dirty and disgusting it is every once in a while You find these pockets of like cool water that are a little bit easier to see through but for the most part it is Impossible to see more than a foot in front of your face down here but all of a sudden you reach out and you feel Clothes And you feel the body of John Lee Pettymore in front of you and Continuing to reach for it. You see he is pressed up against glass Some sort of a wall here. What do you want to do? Forcibly pushed up against this glass. Oh shit
1032.42 1070.74 speaker2  Kind of toward the front of him Suctioned into that window because there's a hole in it and the water is trying to be rushed out
1068.34 1089.42 speaker1  Fuck but I rolled dice Okay as you run your hand, but you do feel pressure
1082.74 1100.58 speaker2  Pulling his body up against this glass. Can I get my face closer to the glass and maybe see what's on the other side?
1095.02 1147.78 speaker1  You push your face up against it and open up your eyes in this disgusting water and You see a large office and in the middle of this office, there's a desk and Marvin Glass is standing at this desk Holding up a picture in his hand and he's showing it to Rosemary who's standing on the other side of the desk and He is like shaking it in her face and With his other hand. He is holding it out Toward the glass toward you toward John Lee petty more
1143.30 1169.26 speaker2  If there's any water coming out of where John is there's there's not right? There's not okay
1167.26 1204.30 speaker1  Absolutely, no change You feel it is as if you are trying to pull a statue Away from its place on the ground or trying to pull a
1199.36 1327.06 speaker2  Can I fire my gun underwater in real life? I don't think you can I don't think so underwater swimming skills that I've just made up just now Can I swim up to the top here's what I want to do I'll tell you the whole action that I want to hit me with it So I want to swim back up to the top jump onto the catwalk run over to Keith's body and try and find his strong tiny powerful gun I want to run back to the edge of the catwalk and shoot down where I last was Trying to break the glass into into glasses office. I want to break the glass into glasses office so that it floods
1325.90 1406.34 speaker1  insane Constitution and we'll say that you you felt your way around to figure out like where you were on the catwalk So you get up on the catwalk? Still like empty in here Just these unconscious and maybe dead bodies hanging in the background as you walk over to the body of Keith Vigna Which is halfway into the elevator and the elevator door is like as you're walking up. It's like going. Yeah It just keeps hitting And he's losing a hit point every time He killed John Lee Pettymore You guys knew that right? Yeah So you go over and you grab this small powerful pistol off of Keith's belt Or inside his massive cargo shorts rather You're diving down with this gun still in your whitey-tities drenched from head to toe walking on the catwalk
1400.74 1422.42 speaker2  I so in my quick explanation, I said I was gonna shoot from the catwalk. Oh, I was trying on the cat I was trying to avoid the waterlogged gun issue. Gotcha with his powerful gun to maybe help with the extra distance
1418.66 1549.00 speaker1  This wasn't to lose sanity. This is just to gauge a a Feeling oh my god for losing sanity points And until a leak Begins and then all of a sudden you see the spiderweb of cracks Grow so quickly across this entire Wall and in one swift movement all the glass Breaks out and all of this water starts rushing into the room Where you saw Marvin glass and Rosemary
1546.82 1565.96 speaker2  John's body is being swept in with it And I'm specifically looking to see where Marvin has ended up or is or is ending up or is maybe running
1563.96 1674.48 speaker1  Marvin glass and rosemary Marvin glass has his hands up and His desk is still right in front of him. It's at standing height. He doesn't sit at his desk. It's a standing desk he's trying to be healthy and He is holding himself the desk and rosemary Above the water as it's rushing in below him and as the water settles into like us one level Covering the floor of both of these rooms these very very large rooms He holds a hand down and then he lowers himself And rosemary on to the top of the water and both of them are standing on the water You do not see the body of John lee petting more No need to roll here. I guess with you
1672.48 1712.88 speaker0  I hurt my side though
1710.48 1745.22 speaker1  You feel your entire body sees you no longer have control and he lifts up his hand and in one swift movement, like do you remember when you were in the Cemetery and that creature just moved into position You do that and all of a sudden you are standing in front of Marvin glass You're standing on the water and you are standing on
1739.66 1750.90 speaker2  The water I can feel my weight in my shoes and standing on it. Yes, you can. Oh my god, that's cool
1749.74 1767.14 speaker1  Because
1765.14 1838.58 speaker2  Who is now standing on water? he would we he'd be freaking the fuck out and wanting to Wanting to rip Marvin in the limb from limb. He would be He would be fighting with every fiber of his body to get out of the hole that whatever Marvin has on him and I mean that would probably like it would be fucking up his brain from the inside. Yes, I would be I would be melting in
1836.58 1991.64 speaker1  I just saw some stuff just pure obsidian Reflection looking back down at you And you notice that you have been jammed halfway into this elevator and the elevators doors are Closing on you just like close open close open close earlier You feel a bit of walking around and you hear I think you were at two hit points when you went is right. So you're up to six hit points now and looking down you see that Peter Dieter is spitting his like weird saliva all over you and then like Using his little human hands to like close up your wounds It's really it's really nice to see a friend again. I was inside of Darkness for a long time and it was really gross in there and I just I hated it. There were all these And I just went with the current Okay Yeah This room that you've just been trapped in for some time. The water is Much lower than it was before like 40 meters lower. Okay than it was before and looking down you see the wall on the right side is gone Which is where you think that aquarium class was so it appears to have been
1990.40 2004.42 speaker3  Is it getting a little less?
1995.96 2041.88 speaker1  Consciousness and looking down you see that there was a room next to this room at a lower point and it is Marvin Glasses office but the floor is made entirely of water and Marvin Glass is standing on this water behind his platform podium like desk and Clark Bishop and
2039.88 2055.24 speaker3  All right with that
2053.24 2106.60 speaker1  staring into you I want to Lifted off of you and goes flying down below as you scurry back into the elevator and the door closes
2101.68 2129.60 speaker3  But Peter Deeter, I think Keith feels bad because Peter could have helped him
2125.12 2145.72 speaker1  It's as you've been in this elevator before and it looks very similar except for now It is wet because you are soaking wet and it is covered in your blood
2142.20 2171.04 speaker3  Stand up. Is there any thing else in here with me or is it just me? So
2169.04 2247.76 speaker1  into a lab and Looking around you can see these These clear dividing walls all over the place are covered in like Expo marker with all this crazy math computers and magnets and all these electrical shit and there's a panel of television screens and there's a window into another room like a Like almost like an interrogation room like in the police station, but the room that's inside is completely covered in blood the scientist Dressed in the scientist lady. Yeah. Yeah, and she's dressed in this white lab coat And she's got the goggles and the hair going all crazy to top her head She's walking around and she looks up. She sees you she sees your hurt. She's like We just fixed you up
2241.96 2262.60 speaker3  Yeah, I was sent on a mission by by Marvin and well, I came back to report to him what happened But I got in a little trouble. Oh, I don't I walk into the room
2259.32 2278.48 speaker1  He was in there, but oh, yeah, but he's not there now So I'm looking for him here in Francis's lab. Have you seen him cute little fella?
2273.72 2298.56 speaker3  Right before he did it. He uh, I think he tried to kill that little fish guy He sent him into the big aquarium down there. He somehow he put his fist through the glass and just let him go and There was some Much bigger fish in there that I don't know if he he would have made it or not. The scientists face just melts
2296.56 2312.32 speaker1  into the sad Placidity oh
2306.76 2418.80 speaker3  He might still be swimming around in there. He might have escaped. I don't know. Can I do a human on her? Sure Information that I know, okay The aquarium or whatever is and yeah of the torch I was I got knocked out and I was a plea and Your little fish friend. I'm a nicknamed him Peter. I woke up to him Helping me out. I was about to die I think and he he healed me up real good But right before I got in the elevator, he got somehow got thrown off He might have got thrown down with Marvin Oh where now when I when I got knocked out it was almost up to where I was in the catwalk and Now there it's about you know hundreds of feet lower than it is now Oh Hundreds of well eat I Don't know. I was dark in there. It was a lot less water down in there
2411.56 2435.08 speaker1  I could see it was Marvin standing with a couple other people. Oh the the water flooded Marvin's office
2429.20 2448.34 speaker3  I gotta get down there then. Oh, well, can I come with you? I saw I think I might have seen a I Don't know it's a if it's a friend or an enemy, but somebody that I recognize too. Yeah, I
2442.38 2659.06 speaker1  Absolutely. Let's go down there. Do you want to do anything before you leave? I would like to search the room. Yeah. All right you're looking around this room and Noting everything that is around you find all these VHS tapes lined up right next to the panel of screens next to a VHS player and you can see that this is footage you're guessing from the room that is covered in blood and When you're looking around at the math that it's all over these boards you would notice that is Francis's handwriting You probably shouldn't take it with you I guess we could pop it in right now if you're there screens in front of you and then you see it's security footage from the corner of this room and it's covered in blood and In the room there's a desk a Table and behind the table. There's a person standing and it's a it's a young man, and he is rail thin absolutely malnourished and There is a small metal sphere and when He reaches out and grabs onto the sphere You see immediately multiple shiny limbs extend from this small metal sphere and Slam into the walls on either side giving it the leverage it needs to fling itself out of the hand of this young boy and up on top One of its appendages slices into the soft tissue on the back of his neck and another snaps his head forward You can see a fracture as the third metal tendril reaches in Gripping the top of this young boy's spine Where it meets his head and it rips his entire Spinal cord out of his body in one swift motion and then it forces itself into the hole that it made and then all of a sudden The boy just starts running and slamming his head into the wall
2655.90 2665.62 speaker3  Yeah, I rolled a 43 on 8 so alright
2659.24 2685.24 speaker1  You are going to lose to sanity taking you down to 6 sanity. Hold on
2683.76 2820.24 speaker3  Cool, cool That'll be fun. Yeah, super fun But seeing that metal ball turn into some sort of weird Silver monster thing and seeing that happen and I asked her I'm like, is this what is on all of these videotapes? Oh, yeah I've seen one of these before and I've seen somebody touch it and that doesn't happen you did what now you saw what? I've seen one of those before and well who had it? Where was it from? Fucked up head of a body which makes me Keith in his mind is like oh fuck, you know like yeah, we got it out and we handled it and Nothing happened to it. Oh You touched the ball. No, I didn't but who do you well one of my fellow officers? I don't I don't guess but we had a Well, this might be too much information, but fuck it Been a weird weird week. We have a bag that if you put these these silver balls in there, they disappear
2818.04 2972.68 speaker1  Marvin Glasses office and You walk down to the end of the hallway there's a 10 by 10 slab of black marble an enormous and strange door that slowly slides open as you approach and Remember looking down at this room earlier and she says wait a second There was water and as she's saying that water just starts Exploding out of this door and begins filling up the hallway that you were in needed a role in athletics check to swim standing in front of Marvin Glass unable to move and the first thing that he says is Keith Vigna and The scientist the woman in the white lab coat and the goggles and the foppish hair Come out of the water. They're drenched and then all of a sudden they're both standing there next to you as well when you both Look around you see on this desk on this like platform Desk in front of you He has sitting the very strange camera the very strange gun and a silver sphere that is on a little platform and in his hand It's a picture and you recognize it as one of the Polaroid pictures that would come out of this strange camera and he holds it up to the two of you and Looking at this picture you see in this darkness This world of darkness that you've seen before with the ground made of light coming up you see John Lee Pettymore in the body of Kevin Keith Vigna and Clark Bishop and he says You
