What's good, my little buttercups?
It's your cow grease producer wolf, the dog.
And I'm here to deliver all the full fat milk
to all my hungry little babies
who can then shake that cream around until it turns solid.
That's how the butter is made.
Or so I'm told, I am coagulating live from 694.2 PTBP,
the only radio station that artisanally crafts
its own butter for its host to eat.
Speaking of cream, grease, and being told stuff,
we got ourselves a new Howlin' with Wolf.
This Howlin' with Wolf was sent in by Wes from PA,
who tweeted about the show and tagged that pretending pod,
which is the quickest way to make a notification appear
in the notifications tab,
of the app pretending pod Twitter account.
They write, I just want to thank the beautiful bastards
who make one of the best podcasts out there.
You guys are killing it, may all your balls be smooth.
Well damn, thank you Wes from PA.
I do however, not appreciate how you seem to prefer
smoothness over the feel of beautiful bristles.
What's wrong with petting something that got the feel
of a wire-haired brush dipped in a vat of Vaseline?
Remember, if you want to write up something
for your milk-producing wolf to howl,
tag that pretending pod on the internet.
Come on, you know you want to make me say some silly shit,
like bum-fuzzle, accubation, clique,
and click right down there on those show notes
to find links to all of my videos.
You know you want to make me say some silly shit,
like bum-fuzzle, accubation, clique,
and click right down there on those show notes
to find links to all our ramshackle internet gobbledygook.
Goggle with hogwash and swallow lickety-split,
it's time for the news.
Ahem, I, Wolf the dog, do hereby relinquish my duty
to read the news for this episode,
and that this will be done by an old friend,
Mick and or Nick Nichols.
We met in college where we all studied
talking at people real good.
I got my damn MFA even,
so technically I could be Professor Wolfie,
but y'all know that my heart belongs with the people,
specifically the people whose minds are easily penetrated
by my all-powerful aura.
For one, cannot simply take over the world by just teaching.
You must be able to control them
with the most modern communication vessel of the century,
the most cutting-edge technology, FM radio babies.
Also, the community college I applied to
never got back to me about the job.
Now, slop yourself up enough rubber-boo
to feel the collywobbles and fight the whamble.
It's Dragon in 3 with What Kind of World Are You Livin' In?
["Bad Girls"]
Bad girls on top of the water
Mary and Caroline, I'm on the borderline
Leaving my mind at your altar
Crossing the double line, doing it every time
Tell me what kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
Whoa, hello, hello, everybody,
and welcome back to the Scrap-O.
Nick Nichols, is this not the,
I'm Nick Nichols and this is Nick Nichols.
Yeah, hey there, brother.
Oh, Nick Nichols, I love that everything I do
just makes you giggle like that.
When your cheeks get rosy, my heart gets fozy,
and that's a word that I mispronounce, like fuzzy is fozy,
and you love it, I love it, we're all here.
We're all here for Nick Nichols, what do you think about that?
Well, I just love you, my elder brother.
And I love you too, my elder brother.
We were both born right before the other one.
I think it's Eldritch brother.
What have you been up to since two seconds ago, Nick?
Well, I've just been watching this cool,
is it a fight, is it a battle, is it a war,
is it, what is it exactly that we're watching here?
I'm not too sure, but it is darn entertaining.
And it's darn entertaining for sure,
and I do think that part of it
might determine the outcome of our futures,
whether it be us in our lives
or the future of humanity, all right, all right, all right.
At least in this reality.
What happens in this reality?
What?
Go on.
Are you saying that there might be different realities, Nick?
I'm just saying we were hugged
by that big old robot friend of ours.
Can you say that again for the folks at home?
Wow, what a way to say a thing.
Well, let's get back to the moment at hand.
You were saying that there might be extra dimensions
or other planes of existence, different realities.
Is that true?
That's just a little theory of mind
that I've been cooking up.
And I like to dabble in metaphysical theories in my off.
Oh, did we lose Luke?
Ignore him.
Okay. I'm still here.
I don't know what happened to my camera.
I got scared.
He switched positions to it frightened me.
I'm back.
And he's back. Hey, we're back.
What is metaphysical?
Have you heard of the physical realm that we all live in?
Not even a little bit.
So there's another one called the metaphysical realm
and it's different.
All right, and so we're gonna give you
a quick recap of last time here.
Last time, that big fucker on the left,
this thing that I've heard a few people on the ground
call the giant dumber up in the case
it reached up and touched the sky,
turned the sky up into an ocean.
Ocean with black starts swirling all around
like a dark lake or a lake or something up there
that you might look into.
And then, blah, and then juggernauts shot and rose M-A-R-Y
and cut that thing in half with its laser eyes.
Oh, God, a bunch of other stuff happened.
Don was in the room up there that we can't see,
but we know what's going on.
Yeah, we know, we know.
Isn't that right, The Giggles?
Yeah, we know what's going on.
He's watching Keith talk through the phone.
And then these creatures, these tall skeletal creatures
that kind of look like Bobby Glass showed up.
I've heard someone here is calling them Myriad.
Well, what a name and what a season.
There's more than one of them, but there wasn't now.
Now we're down to one, and its hand is all shrunk down weird
because this old version of the Clark Bishop
sees through it.
A bunch of them popped like some sort of zits.
Oh, God.
Yummy.
That's right, The Giggles, like some sort of zit.
Oh, God, I definitely threw up just a little bit.
Just enough, and then Clark Bishop
blasted a wide bar of them down the road,
down to one, and out, and out, and out, and out,
and Dawn came running outside, Dawn D. Pennymore.
We got John Ball, Ball version of John D. Pennymore,
lunged at M-A-R-Y, and her top half
is the body of the Rosemary, cut in half,
starts shuffling all back.
John Ball plunged up into the gut,
and then Keith Ligna with his frozen peashooter
comes down and freezes her bottom half
and then smashes off the bottom half.
It's going, it's going, man.
Oh, keep on, keep on, go, go, go, go.
The bottom half shattered into multiple pieces.
Clark Bishop tried to pull out his gun,
accidentally blew his own head off,
and then Blana Juggernaut comes down, boom,
lands all next to Keith's jaw to wheel Pennymore,
fired his gun in the air, hit one of these new sea creatures
that was pretty much in the air.
And then John Ball comes down and blows his own head off,
and then Blana Juggernaut comes down, boom,
lands all next to Keith's jaw,
and then these new sea creatures
that was pouring out of the sky,
the sky that is slowly rising
from its own plane of gravity,
which means that it's lowering slowly towards us.
Yeah, a reality that is truly terrifying.
That's almost like we're gonna be squished here
in a few rounds by this water
with these crazy little worm guys coming out the top.
They're squamish, they're squabish, they're segmented,
and they are purple, brown, and black.
It is getting goopy up in here.
I like that there's panic rising in his voice.
He's like, I haven't thought about the words I'm saying.
Something that really scared me personally, Nick,
is that when John leave Will Fortune more,
shot his gun into the sky and hit one of those worm things,
that worm did not react at all.
Yeah, it's quite, it seems like they might be immune
to physical bullets and such.
Well, that'd be something to keep in mind moving forward.
And we got M-A-R-Y.
This thing plugged in one of its metal sigils
into the ground, seemingly starting to form
some sort of portal.
Over there in the pitch-blark room,
being pitch-blark-roofed,
Keith thinks to ask Muriad on a phone
to get rid of the big thing out there
and bring two McFlurries, one Oreo, one M&M.
That is about Wayne Clark.
This is the older version of Clark,
the overseer told him,
shriveled the last Muriad hand back to its elbow
and tailored its suit so we can all see the results there.
And then Clark Bishop seems to have some sort
of conversation happening with this last little
long-gone translucent beast,
and they seem to agree on something.
It appears to me that Clark is a fan favorite,
and there's so many of them.
You have your own to choose, one without a head,
the old creepy one, and that one,
the good one, I think.
Is any of the Clarks good?
Who can say?
Who can say?
But we do know that Keith Vigna is good,
for he has used his jumping boots to leap up
into the alternate gravity of the world above.
He is shooting his frozen gun right up
into one of these worm's mouths.
The mouth, I have turned green now,
you see him with the mouth inside of mine.
The mouth is completely frozen,
and Keith Vigna dived in, feet first,
like Joda or Elsa, both of them into this worm,
and he has got one from view.
What is happening?
Are you still there?
Uh-oh, Zach, are you still there?
I don't think he is.
Oh no.
Are you happy that I'm still here?
There you go, you're back.
Oh yeah, you're back.
I've turned green.
And with a yee-haw, Keith Vigna disappeared
into that worm up there.
John Ball went and tried to merge with him,
A-R-Y, was repelled like a magnet,
and then Wheel of Fort John here,
we're finally at the end of things, Nick Nickles,
so calm down, you are like, calm down, hey,
sit over there, calm down.
Do not tell me to calm down,
and I am simply pissing my pants in excitement.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Wow, and Uncle Don comes running up to Wheel of Fort John,
they're yelling, they're pointing guns,
they're waving around, they're discussing
the reality in nature, much like we are now, reality.
It's just another day in the Pettymore Clan,
as far as we know.
As far as we know, and then John's little tendrils there
at the back of his neck, poked out and seemingly
patted Don on the shoulder to reassure him.
And that's where we'll begin this episode.
Welcome to Pretending to Be People.
I wasn't listening, if you'll just do-
Yeah, could you do that again?
Yeah, please do it again.
I think that'll be handy for all the listeners
who didn't hear Wolf's recap,
and then also didn't pay attention
to what you just said, like us.
Hello, everybody, my name is Frank Nickles,
and with me today is Nick Nickles.
Let's give a quick recap of what happened last time.
Are you ready?
Should we do it again?
Yeah, more recaps is what this podcast needs.
I know it's just fan service,
but, you know, give the people what they want.
Now hear me out.
Oh, this huge lumbering beast that is just towering
story upon story upon story above you all.
It's limbs forming and reforming, shaping and reshaping
in a way to where you can't exactly tell it's the,
oh no, it's there, it's not there.
It is both in this world of this world and nowhere at all.
And it is dripping with this dark ooze,
is it boom, boom, boom,
lumbers across the ground,
always just shrieking out with this.
Every time you make a sound like that,
it just completely cuts out on this chord
from the noise gate filters.
We get the perfect faces for it.
Yeah, there's amazing faces and no sound
except for occasional like, and then, yeah.
And then when the episode comes out,
we get to hear what you wanted us to hear.
My neighbors must be so confused.
Neighbors are like, oh Lord.
It's not even eight in the morning.
Oh God.
The faces are very like vinegar stroke faces.
Jesus.
What's that Luke, for the children listening.
And the Gigantumber pithicus, unbeknownst to you,
is about to come.
I want you guys to really visualize this moment
because the Gigantumber pithicus, last you saw,
had just reached up into the sky,
turned the entirety of the sky into a swirling ocean
with waves coming across it.
And then these like massive worms
started poking their heads out of it.
Next round, this ocean started rising
from its point of view,
which means that it is lowering slowly down onto you.
The Gigantumber pithicus is so tall
that this ocean is now rising almost to its head.
So it bends over and it puts its enormous knot hands
kind of on its joints, down by its legs
that are now the size of skyscrapers themselves.
I mean, we're talking tens of stories tall at this point.
It bends over and it erupts.
Something from deep within it
begins making this horrible noise.
And it's almost as if you hear the souls
of every single person that it has ever engulfed
cry out as its mouth opens
and you see a bevy of skeletons
begin to fall out of its mouth.
They are all dripping with this same black residue,
this puke, this resipuke
that is just covering each of these skeletons.
And they're all being held by their backs
as they're free falling by like a bungee rope,
like a marionette doll, like they're marionette dolls,
but what the strings holding them
are the same strings of like thick, mucusy residue.
And these things are crying out in pain,
but also they're grabby.
They're real grabby with their hands
and their arms and their legs.
And they are falling down toward this battlefield.
Are there like tens of these or thousands of these?
Let's go ahead and roll.
Let's go ahead and roll and see how many there are.
Let's roll like 2D4.
Yeah, yeah, do that.
There's 12.
Oh, okay, so this is like a commando team
of skeleton souls, not a horde.
That is correct, that is correct.
It is a highly trained para skeletal team.
I'm imagining, you know, like the angler fish
or whatever that has like the little light on its head.
Is it kind of like that, but with skeletons?
Yeah, okay.
Well, no, I don't know what that meant.
I don't think so.
It's not like that.
But I was just saying, yeah, that's a fish.
It's more like these skeletons make a giant frog's tongue
that's coming out and getting ready to come out
and like grab a fly.
Yeah, there's 12 frogs tongues.
Gotcha, okay, that makes more sense.
And on the tip of each tongue is a fun little skeleton
doing a little dance as it comes toward you.
Yeah.
He's coming to give us a hug.
I wanna hug the skeleton.
Next is Rose M-A-R-Y,
which is currently half embodying.
It's got one tendril plugged up inside the head of Rosemary
and it's been using her mouth like a weird puppet
as it's been dragging her body backwards
to avoid more hits.
It's got one of its other metal tendrils
plugged into the luminous land below
and to the left of you all
and is forming a sort of swirl of technicolor light
that is emitting now from the ground.
You've seen this before and you know that she is creating
or it is creating a portal.
M-A-R-Y is going to roll a dodge
because she is going to try to keep this portal going
for this entire round.
And so she's gonna roll a dodge at a negative 20
to contest any rolls against her
to try to stop this attempt at a portal opening.
And she has succeeded with a roll that I will keep to myself.
She had a negative 20.
Yeah, she was at a negative 20 and she still passed
which makes you think, oh, maybe this is kind of low.
Maybe this is beatable, yeah.
Maybe it's beatable.
Beatable.
If you say it three times, you'll beat it.
Beatable.
Like Beetlejuice, nice.
I've never seen that.
Carry on, it is Keith Vigna's turn.
Can you describe exactly where Keith is right now?
What happened last time?
No, so I'm inside the worm right now, right?
Holy shit, yes.
Let's die for you.
No, no, no, sorry, this Keith Vigna.
Sorry, it's Keith Beams' turn.
Okay, right, I just got off the phone and I laid back down.
Is Don in the room with me still or did he leave?
You're not sure, it's pitch black in there.
You called out to him last time
and asked what kind of McFlurry he wanted.
He did not respond and so you assumed him in it.
Okay, yeah, so as Keith is, he's laying down on the ground
just really having a great time, super relaxed.
He's laying down there for a while
and then he remembers.
He's like, oh yeah, I just asked for a McFlurry.
I guess I better go out and meet him.
And so I try to find my way out of this room.
All right, so I've got a mini game here.
It's gonna take about three episodes to play
of you getting out of this room.
So Justin, you're gonna be Keith Beams' left leg.
Joe, you're gonna be Keith Beams' left hand.
Thomas, you're gonna be the left foot.
And then Luke, you're gonna be Keith Beams' nose.
So if you could each roll a D7 and then add negative I.
D7, right, got it.
Yeah, I'm at six I.
Oh, perfect.
So you kind of feel your way with your,
well, you bump into the side of the room with your nose
but only half of your nose gets bumped
and you're like, oh, perfect, I'm right at the doorway.
And you reach out with Thomas and Justin's left hand
and feel around the corner
and you kind of feel the stairwell of this enormous room.
The enormous room, you feel the stairwell leading down
from this towering building.
Is there still no light or is there light in the hallway?
There's slight light coming down
from the bottom of the stairwell
and so you make your way down the stairs
and out of this towering dark building and you see.
Okay, so if he's making his way out,
then we'll start with me, left foot.
That's right, yes, go ahead and roll.
Let's see how that first step goes.
Now I rolled a D, I've got my foot character sheet here
and anyway.
Please tell me you rolled well.
I've got a 14, I have to roll higher than a 14 on a D20,
I rolled a six, all right.
Thanks for like trying to play
in the dumbest thing I've ever said.
It means a lot.
This is, you think the dumbest thing you've ever said?
All right, since Keith's left foot failed the foot roll,
I stumble down the stairs,
just head over, rolling down the stairs.
Head over what?
Rolling, rolling.
Probably butt, because that's fun.
Nice, Keith Beans rolls head over butt down the stairs
and you land at the bottom of this.
Ouchie, ouchie.
The last two stairs slapped you
and you land ace first
down at the bottom of these stairs
of the base of this towering tower,
this dark building that was first shown
in a Polaroid picture from Julie Maxwell's car
way back in episode one.
And so you look out onto this battlefield ahead of you
and you see just pure fucking nonsense.
And right about then, Keith has a flashback.
You remember you're on the Beans' estate.
The alarms start blaring
and these creatures begin falling from the sky
and hitting the ground with a thud,
but they don't seem to be affected
by falling from however far they fell.
They're tall, gaunt, translucent, wearing black suits
and looking out onto this battlefield,
darkness surrounding you,
light completely illuminating the land.
These same creatures are falling from the sky.
That memory reminds Keith of Fergie
and Keith just kind of breaks down a little bit
and he just starts crying, but it's like an angry cry.
Wow, he seems to really be having a moment there, Nick.
What do you think about that?
It's a great emotional time for all of us here,
but we're powering through, buddy, am I right?
I don't deserve to live.
Now they're both just standing
on either side of Keith Vigna.
Just holding microphones down on his face.
Look at Nick and Mick Nichols
with both of their microphones held at my face
and I'm crying.
I've just yelled, I don't deserve to live.
I've been thinking about all the atrocities
that I've committed throughout my lifetimes
and I just start running at one of the men in black.
It's the overseer's turn.
Clark, Joe, you are become the overseer
in that last round, wherein you literally beamed out
this same light from your face that you saw him do first
and in that moment, something in your consciousness flickered
and there's something strange about it.
It's like Clark Bishop is still controlling Clark Bishop
and the overseer is still the overseer,
but you, Joe Terry, author of your own story,
have now taken control.
Through becoming the overseer,
you have become the overseer.
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
You are floating about 10 feet above
the luminous land liturgy that is weaving in and out
of itself in a circle, chanting,
Shaak Ti Felicha.
This is a little bit of a Nick Pex hack,
but I don't think you're using liturgy correctly.
I never have.
As long as you know.
I did it for the alliteration.
It's just like, let's give this fucker a quick look up
because I don't know what it means.
Oh, what a liturgy is?
It's just like the service.
It's the body and texts and songs of the service,
I'm pretty sure.
Yeah, a form or formulary according to which
public religious worship, especially Christian worship,
is conducted.
It's the ritual, the service, the ceremony.
Yeah, I'm good with that.
So this luminous land liturgy is just like weaving,
bobbing and weaving in and around in a circle around you.
And it's just liturgying all over your liturgy.
And you feel the liturgy within your liturgy.
You're liturgid.
And you feel this immense power that is being given to you,
granted to you by this song, by this chant.
And it is flowing within you and giving you what you think
is an unnatural score of at least 85.
No, sorry, 86.
Now I'm going to put down 85.
That's what I said and that's what I meant.
That's what you said and I said sick after it
so it's official now.
Yes, it's like in a meeting we don't second things.
We just say sick and then it's not only seconded,
not only voted on, it's finished.
Okay, I have a sick, do I have a righteous?
I have a righteous, the motion carries.
It's like when Jesus was dying on the cross
and at the very end he was just like, sick.
And then he got to die.
Best thing he ever did.
Terrible timing but I have to poop
and I'll make it very, very quick.
But I am going to shit my pants.
It was just starting to feel liturgical.
Oh man, oh God, he's doing it.
Oh, he's pooping right, oh Thomas.
Stop staring right into the camera.
You're gonna regret this man, you're gonna regret this.
Oh no, he's showing it to us now.
No, I don't wanna see it.
That's what his asshole looks like, huh?
He is in the living room showing me his butt right now.
Why is he pooping into a mesh strainer?
What the fuck is wrong with him?
Oh, he's wiping it on his face and on the walls now, what?
He's holding up a sign that says Luke made me do this?
I didn't make him do it, stop.
Guy's holding up a newspaper but it's from 10 years ago.
What is he telling us?
Wait, what is he writing with his own feces on the wall?
Oh, Sirhan Sirhan should get probation?
That's weird.
All right, so now that Thomas has silently cleaned up
all of his mess that he made on the floor.
Yeah, that was disgusting.
I don't understand what just happened.
Thomas, what was the point of the newspaper?
I thought that was pretty self-explanatory
but if you don't get it, I mean,
not everybody's, I guess, as sophisticated as I am.
A man of culture.
Obviously, I still have the shit all over my face.
Right.
That's right.
My glorious war paint and...
Oh no, you can't taint it.
That's not subtly that moment.
You can't taint it like that.
That was the coolest thing we've done in the show so far.
Well, now the coolest thing we've done
is one of the hosts smeared shit all over his face
to gain a psychological advantage over all of the others.
Cause you're all wondering what's going on
in this guy's mind right now.
And to give Joe a good amount of time
to think about what he's gonna do as the overseer.
That would have been a smart thing for Joe to do, for sure.
Oh!
Yeah, it would have been.
For sure, for sure, for sure.
Oh, you made me laugh
while I was still adjusting the microphone.
I do have an idea, kinda, but I wanna ask,
now that my reality is shifting
and I'm getting some insight into the overseer's head,
can I dig around in there a little bit and see what I know?
Hondo P, baby.
Oh, what are you looking for?
Well, in the immediate, he was gonna look for some spells.
And my goal, since I now have a Clark Gold,
I have an overseer, and I've also got a Clark
who has just recently proven
that he can handle some level of skill.
I wanna see if there are extra spells
rattling around in overseer's head
that he can pass along to me Clark, Clark Current.
Clark me.
And divide forces.
If me Clark needs to go be working on something
while overseer's working on something else,
I feel like Clark Gold has the tactical command here
and he needs to delegate.
He's obviously had an end goal in mind.
Let's make that happen.
So you know that he is scared, which is weird,
because the same time you feel all of this power,
you feel an immense amount of fear,
and it is all directed at this creature.
Whatever you want to do,
whatever you want to impart
onto this younger version of yourself,
you feel good about being able to do that.
So yeah, that's kind of what I was gonna say.
I wanted to make sure that he has a chance to right now
with this moment of noticing, oh shit, my Clark,
my younger Clark is capable.
I wanna use this time to tell him what he needs to do.
You as Clark Bishop, which he would have seen,
you just had this conversation
with the only tall, gaunt creature last time,
and you both agreed the Lumbering Beast was the issue,
and now a bunch of those things have just appeared,
you would assume to help.
You can think about the abilities that they've used, right?
So.
Freeze a person in place.
Yeah.
Yep, and wipe a mind.
So you think that if they can hold this thing in place,
then you guys can probably eliminate it.
Also, you do see 12 fucking goopy skeletons
are coming down, and those need to be addressed this round.
Okay, this round, I don't know.
I was gonna say, my thought was,
with the paralyzing power of those,
of our Marvin creatures,
that they could stop those skeletons in their tracks.
I assume that the Overseer knows
that he needs people around him to keep this power level up,
so he wants to make sure that those skeletons
can't take any more people.
So maybe that's what this Overseer
is going to focus on, is those skeletons.
Overseer's gonna stop those things in their tracks.
Or he's gonna try.
No, he doesn't.
Holy shit. It's a 93.
I rolled a 93.
Oh my God.
Clark Bishop, you've just looked over
and seen the Overseer reach out,
attempt something against these falling, lost bones,
these rattling bones that are just dripping with ooze
as they're falling down toward you,
and it does not work, and you see his face drop.
Yeah.
This is your moment.
It's Clark Bishop's turn.
This Clark is aware of this mind split,
and he feels what the Overseer was trying to do,
and so he's gonna try it himself.
He's gonna take up the mantle of,
all right, I see what you were doing.
I see what you were doing.
All right, okay, here we go.
That is a 20 on a 63 is what this Clark's Unnatural is.
Hell yeah, dude.
He's gonna just channel everything he was feeling
from the Overseer and just tweak it.
He saw where he messed up.
It was right there,
and he just tweaks the thing in his mind,
and that's the, oh shit,
that's where the Overseer fucked up.
Here we go, click.
And part of your mind just fucking breaks in that moment.
Roll sanity.
As you analyze the Unnatural nature of the universe
in which your mind currently exists.
Do not pass.
It's a 82 on a five.
Lose one sanity.
You know what that does, boy.
Yeah, that's a breaking point.
Showing up.
So you're gonna lose one sanity
as you handle this situation,
and handle it you do,
because the losing of the sanity is knowing
that you are fucking in control now.
You don't have a lot left of your humanity,
but you're the most powerful fucker on the field, so.
Dope.
All right, go ahead and roll three D100 rolls, Joe,
and holler what you roll.
A 34.
A 75.
And a 12.
34 is dermatillomania compulsion
for picking at one's skin.
Nasty.
I could see ways to use that
now that he's like split his body.
Oh, God.
75 is onomatomania irresistible desire
to repeat certain words.
Ooh, that's interesting.
Now that I'm casting spells.
Yep.
And 12.
12 is aminomania irrational cheerfulness.
I love all three of these.
Oh, shit.
So aminomania is what I live with.
I can role play that one real easy.
I kind of want to do that.
I kind of think it'd be funny for him
to be the most optimistic person
in this total hellscape of a grim scenario.
I completely agree.
Yeah, let's do it.
Let's do that one.
Aminomania.
That's perfect.
So Joe, what does Clark Bishop do
to stave off the invasion of these falling bungee jumping
frog into the frog tongue skeletons?
I was kind of hoping you'd tell me.
I know that the overseer was last seen.
You said he extended his hand.
So I think Clark's starting with that.
He's got a big smile on his face
because he's figured it out.
He knows what's going on and it's all going to be fine.
And he does it.
I don't know.
Did you picture some of these powers?
How strong is this?
Can they start shattering
or are they just decommissioned shortly?
You can do whatever you want.
There's dripping skeletons that are coming down.
He wants to shatter them.
He wants them to pop as though those couple of myriads
he did, but these are bones.
So he knows that this is more of a break and less of a pop,
but he wants them to shatter and crumble.
Okay.
Fucking cool.
And let's go ahead and roll 2D12
to see how many of these guys you can get.
First one's a two.
Uh-oh.
Second one is a motherfucking one.
I shit you not.
Oh my God.
I rolled a two and a one.
Let's just pretend if we were rolling three,
it would have been a 10.
So.
So three of these skeletons.
God damn it.
It makes sense.
This was young Clark who shot the spell off.
That's why it was only three.
Yeah.
He's just blossoming.
He's just blooming.
Figuring out his powers.
He's going to get the hang of it.
This is a good start.
These things completely disintegrate
and their bones as they turn into dust
kind of meld with the residue that's around them.
And it turns into like residue mud.
It's like the liquid of the ooze and the muck
with the sand now, like bone sand
just kind of forms together in this.
Gritty.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's there too.
Is it like when you throw sand on diarrhea?
Thomas.
Yes.
It's like throwing sand on diarrhea
while holding up a newspaper from 10 years ago.
And with that, the other skeletons are still coming down.
Don D. Pettymore.
It's your turn.
You're in conversation with John Lee Pettymore III.
He's given me a mild embrace with his tendrils.
That's right.
Just a pat on the back to reassure you.
I kind of like grab it
like you would like someone's hand
and I'm like kind of like affectionately
like grabbing it.
Yeah, grabbing.
Yeah, you're doing it.
Like grabbing the hand on my, the hand,
the metal tendril as though it was John's.
Yeah, he's patting your shoulder
with his metal tendrils
and you put your hand on the metal tendrils
and kind of pat back.
Tell me what I need to do, John.
Tell me what I can do to help make things right.
You feel the tendril slip into your spine.
Oh, shit.
Yes.
Oh, shit.
And the ball comes out of John Lee Pettymore.
He's kind of hanging limp
and there's just a silver ball floating
a few feet above him.
And it all feels right though.
As you feel more and more tendrils
moving down your spine
and experiencing your nerves
and suddenly you and your nephew
are kind of the same thing.
Holy shit.
Sorry.
Did you take his spine out first?
No, no, no.
Just attach yourself to it.
He's just been attached to the John of Fortune
and he's part of that wheel of fate now.
So we can also nix all that.
I want Don to still be a character,
but essentially he and John
might just be talking heads.
I don't want to take away all of John.
I just literally took away
all of Justin's character's agency,
which we can.
86 right off the bat.
I just thought it might be wicked cool.
Justin, how do you feel?
Yeah, how do you feel, Justin?
I don't mind at all about you taking away my agency.
That's totally fine.
I'm just curious of your motivation for wanting my body.
Okay, that's what I don't know.
That's what I don't know.
But I kind of imagined John and Don
as a second Nick and Mick
and they're just heads.
Oh no.
That are literally like,
okay, so imagine the tiny ball
and then thick stocks of tendrils coming down
forming essentially two legs with Don and John
and it's just running around like an at-at.
Oh my God, I love that so much
and we'll see what comes of that.
You look next to you
and you see the body of John Lee Pettymore
kind of hanging limply from this massive stock of tendrils
that has started to come down from this very tiny ball
and he kind of looks over at you expectantly
and with a smile.
He says, Don, I know in your life you were mostly an outlaw
but I was a law man and that means I'm here to help.
So that's what we're gonna do here today
and I need your help with that
which is why I've taken your body from you
but I still respect your criminal mind.
So I've left you that.
You'll see here if you kind of look up
and look around at what's going on here.
I've taken over your central nervous system
and now you're a part of a John and Don.
It's kind of like an at-at.
You like Star Wars, Uncle Don?
Love Star Wars, boy.
Where are the legs of a little,
oh, I said at-at, it's actually an AT-ST.
The scout trooper, right?
What does AT-AT stand for?
Attack, attack.
The AT-STs are the small one.
Yeah, AT-AT is the four legs, AT-ST is two.
Scout transport.
Listen, Uncle Don.
What we are is a swift, highly mobile ball
with the minds of two wily Pettymores, chicken walker.
We're gonna get out there on that battlefield
and we're gonna be where we're needed and help who we can.
Does that sound amenable to you?
Don has like kind of like tears running down his eyes
when this starts happening,
as he's like finally able to like let go of all the stress
now that he's no longer in control.
And he's like, it sounds wonderful.
Fuck yeah.
John's head like gives a little nod
and then you get wicked whiplash
as this thing runs off towards the skeletons.
Real fast, will you describe the image of it
one more time for me?
What's the setup?
Imagine, imagine a tiny ball with the legs of an AT-ST.
So these tendrils have come out
and they formed into thick, powerful leg trunks.
Like you might find on an AT-ST
and where their shins and feet would be,
that's the, those are the bodies of John and Don
with their heads at like the kneecaps.
Gotcha, gotcha.
They're like Pacific Rim mind melded together.
Yeah, they're kind of just like crucified on this thing.
Yeah, but they look cheerful.
Crying kneecaps.
Yeah, cheerfully, cheerfully crying kneecap.
Don Deep anymore.
This is great.
Okay, that was Don's turn somehow.
Great turn, great turn.
Good job, good job.
That's good.
It is John's turn and it is not this ball John's turn,
but rather it is the ball John that has been repelled
like a magnet away from the ball of Rosemary, M-A-R-Y.
Basically John Ball is taken aback
by being repulsed from Ballmary.
He's floating there for a second
and then he sees her starting to open like the portal.
Starting.
He sees her starting to open the portal
and very quickly long spindly like tendrils
shoot out of him.
He's trying to move the material of the world back,
like fill it back in where she's opening the portal.
Nice, hell yeah.
I dig it.
It's frantically like a kid in a sandbox.
He's just like trying to scoop the world into her hole.
Yeah.
Like a kid in a sandbox.
Yeah.
All right.
She just failed her unnatural role
and so if you can pass yours, then this happens.
43 on a 67.
Well done.
Moving on.
I pour the world into her hole.
Yeah, and now it is the Sky Sea Keith.
Keith has just
filled up a worm's mouth
with this liquid nitrogen, this frozen material
completely creating an ice luge
like a water slide down there at Splashylvania
but in winter time as if the entire encasement tube
has been frozen and feet first he goes right on in there
and Keith, let me tell you,
the things that you see blow your fucking mind
because you are now just surrounded in this ice world.
It is cold as fuck in here
and you see almost like a translucent ice barrier
surrounding you all around you
and on the other side of it are just dazzling shapes
and colors, large shadows, just all of these movements
like you're at an aquarium, like a psychedelic aquarium
but the entire pane of glass has been frosted over.
How big am I like, what am I trying to ask?
You've got elbow room.
Okay, I'm not like completely sucked in
like to the esophagus or whatever.
You got two elbows room.
Two elbows room, okay, tight.
Keith looks around and he's amazed.
He's kind of like entranced
and he's just kind of staring off
and looking at the shapes and the shadows and everything
and then he snaps out of it and he remembers why he's here
and he tries to just punch through,
basically punch his way out of this frozen worm's stomach
or whatever part of the body I'm in.
Sure, yeah, go ahead and roll.
Okay, it's a 36.
I feel like that's gonna be good, but let's find out.
What?
40%, so I pass with 36.
Excellent. Nice.
Also, remember I have these pneumatic arm things too
so my punch is extra strong.
Yes, and with that, you are going to be able
to shatter this worm from the inside.
As this thing shatters,
cold water begins pouring in all around you.
You swim up to the top.
You can grab onto one of these frozen insides,
pieces of this thing to kind of raft you,
help you hold on to the top of this water
as waves are unnaturally coming at you from left, right,
from front, from back.
They're going past you.
They're coming from within you.
Like it's just, the water is not reacting like normal water
and as you're looking up over the top
of any of these cresting waves,
you see worm after worm coming up, diving back in.
You look down, you can't see anything.
You can't see your body.
You can't see your feet.
The water is completely dark and looking above you,
your sky is a luminous ground
that this fight is being fought on
and that is your ceiling.
How many worms are there?
I was under the impression there were two,
but are there just a bunch swimming around in here?
Yeah, there's more than two.
Well, that's not good.
Why did you think there was two?
I don't know.
I thought there were just two for some reason.
And Keith immediately thinks to himself,
fuck, I should not have done this.
That's exactly what Keith thinks.
Yeah, he finds a door-sized frozen piece of worm
and he climbs on top of it and he looks
and he sees a worm come up like a dolphin would
or something.
It winks at you.
And it winks at me and Keith thinks,
I'm gonna have to do a lot of this.
And he lunges at the worm that's near him.
Hell yeah.
From on top of the frozen piece of worm.
That's so bad ass.
Also, I'm glad you're up in the sky,
but now it makes a lot more sense
why you went there if you thought like,
after you got to that first worm,
like halfway done, there's only one more.
Upon realizing his mistake,
Keith is like, well, I'm here anyway,
so might as well just get to it.
Hell yeah.
Doers get it done.
Planet Juggernaut.
Planet Juggernaut had been eerily still last turn
and you heard whirring inside of him.
How many turns did that take?
One.
Oh, cool.
Planet Juggernaut starts rolling
almost imperceptibly at first,
but then it's faster than you can really imagine.
And he's heading towards those fucking skeletons
like they're bowling pins.
Yeah.
They're coming down from the sky
and Planet Juggernaut,
I mean, this thing is spinning, spinning, spinning,
spinning, spinning,
and then all of a sudden it launches itself
up into the air and is going to take out
and fitting their nine bowling pin skeletons
left in the air,
which is how many are left
after I have thrown one bowling ball.
Cause it's like I only hit one.
Yeah.
It's wild that you can only hit one
with the bumpers even.
Yeah, we put the bumpers on and played golf rules.
Exactly, lowest score.
That actually sounds really game.
Yeah, that sounds doable.
It sounds like you created something here
that we got to give a try.
Don't put this episode out.
We got to patent this.
Yeah.
Bowling golf is going to make us a million bucks.
It's going to be huge.
From the creators of the fuck barrel.
Yeah, what's your company do?
Oh, we're a podcast company
who makes the fuck barrel.
We're a multimedia conglomerate
that puts out some audio entertainment,
at home leisure projects,
and we also run a professional sporting enterprise.
At home leisure projects.
Products, you know.
Products.
Personal.
Roll bowling.
Look on your foot sheet.
Should I just roll a D10?
No, go ahead and roll two D12.
Two D12.
It's the one that looks like a D20, but isn't.
I had to remind myself when I was searching for it.
Okay.
15 and 11 and a four.
Do you know what that'll do?
Take out all nine skeletons?
That'll take out all nine skeletons.
Hell yeah.
Can I describe what happens?
Can you leave one so that I can describe how cool it is
when it grabs Drew Andrews
and rips him back into the mouth of a giantum rapithecus?
Yeah, you can leave one.
That's fine.
No.
No, you're not going to do that to our baby boy.
Would have been cool.
Would have been the body of Drew or Drew?
Oh, when you say Drew Andrews, you mean Drew pages?
I mean, when I say Drew Andrews,
I mean the body of Councilwoman Kerry pages,
but yeah, let's move on to a description from Thomas
about how fucking cool this is.
Right.
So you mentioned that they're flying down from the air.
So Planet Juggernaut has flown up to meet him,
almost like he hit a ridge in the world
as he was rolling or something.
And maybe you even see one appear before him just briefly,
but you can't be sure.
Something strange happens.
As Planet Juggernaut is rising up into the air,
heading towards these skeletons,
he kind of blocks your view of them for a second.
He rises up to where they were.
And as you come down,
you see just like a string of ichor shooting back up
into this thing's mouth.
And where Planet Juggernaut hits the ground
and starts rolling again,
you see like black chewing gum just stuck to the side
of his like chassis.
And you see like some rib cages and shit sticking out.
But these things are just like completely waffled on him.
This is how it feels to chew five gum.
And because you rolled so high above the nine,
think about an AT-AT and think about Luke Skywalker
and think about this Gigantumbropithecus
and think about how you've got its tongue.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Those are Joe's vinegar strokes.
So Planet Juggernaut, as his turn ends,
you just see him starting to take a long, graceful turn
around the feet of the Gigantumbropithecus.
Yes.
Awesome.
Yes.
Oh, and as Planet Juggernaut picks up that spare,
we've gone through another round of combat here, Nick Nichols.
That's absolutely amazing.
I think we owe our lives to our one true god,
Planet Juggernaut.
Praise be to the Juggernaut.
Praise be to the Juggernaut.
Now, did you think, Nick,
that it was going to be one episode
per one round of combat here?
You know, I wanted to say no, but that's just it.
It happened.
We had all hoped not.
What I specifically hated about D&D
was waiting for everyone else to take their turn forever.
And instead, I just took three 30-minute turns this game.
One of which was Justin's.
Right?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
