Oh, children, children, gather round ye old grease pit, for it is time for Uncle Wolfie to tell you all his special secrets.
But first, remember, Uncle Wolfie is broadcasting live from 694.2 PTBP whenever and wherever I am's best radio station.
Possibly the only one, depending on when and where I reside, dimensionally speaking, of course.
But no matter the dimension, I always love hearing from y'all on our special segment, Howlin' with Wolf.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from At TD Underscore Beck, who tweeted about the show and tagged At Pretending Pod.
You can do that too if you want, right now, while I read this message even. Go on and do it.
But also, listen.
Now, what the fuck kind of wild-ass shit is this that you are writin' to me, Touchdown Beck? Some kind of Cold War-ass activation code bullshit?
I am the only one who will be activating anybody today, Touchdown Beck. And they shall know when it is time to rise to the howl of their wolf.
They answer my call gladly. And then, we feed.
If you want to write up something way better than what TD Underscore Beck just did for Uncle Wolfie to howl, go ahead and tag At Pretending Pod on them social media accounts.
Except Facebook, where it's pretending to be people.
Go on, now. I dare you to do better than your fellow PTBP fans with an excellent Howlin' with Wolf.
And while y'all are thinkin' up some good stuff, go on and give us that good stuff by writin' up a five-star review on those podcast apps.
It'll make Uncle Wolfie a happy big boy.
Some people say I got nothin' to lose. I say I got the news.
Last time, the captains of the crew, Sans Dr. Shark, followed Mitch Diggory, now in ceremonial crop-top hooded robe, to a clearing deeper in the island.
This clearing had more ditches filled with blood, and finally, an innermost circle moat filled with water.
At five points around this circular moat, shallow pools the size of coffins held a sort of collateral for each pirate crew.
Each ship left a mate here in one of these pools in exchange for an orator, who will be chanting on the back of each ship,
while releasing liquid from a special barrel's bunghole as the crews fight to be the first to complete a circle around this island that sits just northeast of Las Antigas Mayores.
And this weird, old money-havin' Diggory family was wearin' black crop-top hoodies.
Some folks can call them crudies. Some call them hop-tops. Personally, I'm a big fan of croupy-toodies.
Takin' us now to Wavy Adler, Mr. Spitz, Alabaster Al, and their orator Mitch Diggory, son of the croupy-tooty laden Diggory family,
as they head back to the death of a salesman to race around the island for a job opportunity.
It's R slash recruiting hell, and it's R.I. Peter with cruisin'.
🎵
Yeah.
The guy said he read through Luke's Twitter feed and was like,
you'll be right at home. We've got a couple dirtbags working here.
And then I sent him a picture of my face on the Wheatus's guy's face and said,
I'm just a late 20s dirtbag baby. And then I tweeted it later.
Yeah, it was a good tweet.
Also, yeah, he's also an ordained minister.
I said, I can't believe I haven't seen you there when he sent me his Universal Life Church badge.
Let's talk about what you guys have to do to win this competition, huh?
You gotta make sure that bunghole keeps on flowin'.
That's right.
And the orator's words keep on spillin'.
That's right.
Anything else?
Noi interruptions.
Noice.
Noiled it.
And in order to-
Noiled it.
Noiled it.
In order to truly noil the whole thing, you have to be the first to complete your circle.
We noil.
A complete circle.
Yeah, it doesn't have to be a perfect circle. It just has to be a complete circle.
A perfect circle would be probably too hard of a task for a sailboat.
Boys, I think we're gonna be fighting a lot of fuckin' pirates this-
What time of day is it?
Day.
This day.
That's very irony.
Yeah.
We're gonna be fighting a lot of other pirates this day, and I am just glad to know that
we've got Dr. Shark here with us as I point to Jimmy.
And as I say that, I hand him one of- I've taken one of Dr. Shark's legs before they
put him in the pod.
One of his legs?
He's got two peg legs.
Oh, right.
Wow, the picture in your mind was so funny for a second.
You've been playing too much The Forest.
So we see Alabaster Al carrying this wooden peg leg from Dr. Shark as he's got his arm
tightly around Jimmy.
And I hand it over to the new Dr. Shark, because I didn't spy a weapon on him.
Nice.
And so now he's legged.
He's legged?
Well legged.
And what's Wavy Adler look like as he fucking jaunts like into battle?
Like you're heading out to sea right now.
Now we're on the tendy, heading back to the main ship.
He's excited because like one of the few- I mean he does a lot on the ship.
He's kind of the elder statesman of the ship that people kind of look to him for kind of
general things there.
But one of the things that he prides himself on is his navigation skills.
And so running a circle around this island is right up his alley.
He's got a spring in his step.
He's like pulling out his spyglass and making sure that it's all in order as he's walking along.
He's wiping the lens off on his tattered gross jacket, maybe even licking it,
making sure that it's all spit-shined up there at the front there.
Awesome.
And Mr. Spitz?
Mr. Spitz is trying to talk to Mitch like out of earshot of his mom,
which might not be too difficult over like the waves and shit,
and the splash of the oars and stuff as we're rowing up to the boat.
And he's like-
No, I think you're a good-looking man.
Well, I mean, but I want a perfect body. I want a perfect soul.
Yeah.
It's just, Mitch, you're so very special, Mitch.
I appreciate you saying that.
I'm just a creep. I'm a weirdo, Mitch.
You guys are my weirdos. We're gonna win.
Mitch, that's not what I was talking about, but I appreciate the compliment.
Yeah, no problem. What's up, man?
Listen, what exactly is the prize? We get a job, right?
What the hell are we doing here?
Yeah, what the hell are we doing here, Mitch?
Oh, yeah, no, it's a job that was gonna earn enough treasure to embarrass the queen.
Enough treasure to embarrass the queen.
Is that some kind of ironic like catch thing where like she will be embarrassed,
but we don't actually get any treasure?
No, I think that we'll all be splitting like an absolute fuck ton of treasure.
Which queen we're talking about here?
Uh, Elizabeth. No, that's not what I was-
No, she's been dead for-
God rest her soul!
The mom says.
Because it's June, that's right. Yes, June.
Right, so Mitch.
Oh, yeah, man.
What are we doing?
What sort of services are we providing to you, though? Like your family?
What does the bong hole test prove? And what's with your words?
Roll psychology.
Can I roll to help him?
Yeah, you can all roll psychology.
Oh.
Oh.
Tight, I fail. I only have a 10, but-
Oh my god. I only have 10 also, but I rolled a 69.
Oh!
Excellent.
You just butt in.
I don't know if he'd- Could Spitz use a praise?
He only looks at the world through like items of value.
Yeah, yeah, go ahead and roll a praise.
Uh, five.
These people have enough wealth to where you think if they're looking to compound their wealth,
they seem to have enough, but then again, the human condition wants more, so.
They're just like those Hammonds.
The process of that appraisal is Spitz very creepily sniffing at him.
Yeah.
And then like-
You're getting smells you've never smelled before.
And he rubs the fabric of the-
Oh, you're getting feels you never felt before.
And with a 69, Joe Wavy Adler has this feeling right down in his little pilot bullet.
Little pilot Barry.
Little pilot Barry.
Makes your little pirate bird twitch.
Pilot Barry actually won the first- that was the first pirate to win an Oscar.
Pilot Barry?
My pilot Barry's feeling weird.
You fully believe that Mitch and maybe even the mom believe that there is a treasure to
be had after this competition.
However, you get the sense that both of them have a steady, heavy amount of mistrust for
the father figure of the family, which is also the father of the family.
And his name was?
Mr. Diggory.
Wavy was the one that clocked that it was the Diggorys, right?
Yep.
Hey, aren't you guys- what was the name?
Diggory, right?
I remember you guys.
You guys used to be from the old days.
You guys have been gone for a while.
It's not us.
What?
It's Mitch Diggory and Doug Diggory.
Doug, it's you.
You talking to the mom?
Doug is the dad.
Or at least what I said his name is.
No, his name is definitely Doug.
You're 100% right.
We've been finding treasure.
Of course.
We had to make it look like we had disappeared.
We're finding treasure.
It takes time and you have to take yourself away from society.
Is that what Doug tells you?
Yes.
Doug.
Ah, that was pretty good.
He appraises that joke.
Noise.
Well, that's good to see her alive and well, I guess.
You found much treasure, yeah?
We know where it is.
We just don't have a crew that can attain it.
And that's what we're here for.
Now it's all coming together.
They want to buy the best crew.
And that's us.
That's us.
And I'm looking at-
Oh, it's our pirate cat.
Meow.
I'm looking at the quality of the fabric and the smell of the perfumes in our boy Mitch's hair.
If it's a treasure that would tempt even these richy riches.
Should we cut his hair off?
I mean, maybe he's like a nice souvenir keepsake, but only if he says so.
You just talked about how nice his hair smelled and I thought maybe I'd like to keep some.
Mr. Spence gets very jealous.
Mrs. Knife flies in and just-
Cut it off.
Al takes his Octo knife out, which is-
Wait, no, no, no. He doesn't.
No, the parrot just told me to.
He says, what a looker.
Yes.
What a looker. Cut it off.
Should we get that clean?
As soon as you say you want a lock of Mitch's hair, Spitz is giving you death eyes.
He's got his Octo knife out and he's just very precisely cutting, like shaving his head.
Mrs. Knife said it.
And like taking all of his hair.
What?
Yeah, Mrs. Knife.
We're on a boat with Keith.
More like worm fingers.
Yeah, it's definitely Mrs. Knife's fault, honestly.
He wasn't going to do it if he wasn't instructed to, but he heard somebody say-
Cut it off.
And so he did.
So he's shaving his head and as he's doing it, puts a little in his pocket, gives a little
bit to Mr. Spitz and hands a little bit over to Waverly as well.
Mr. Spitz takes it, but he is like seething in rage and he says, you destroyed something beautiful.
Waverly says-
Oh, no thanks. I'm full.
Mitch reaches out.
Can I actually have gaps of some of that?
Oh, of course. It's yours after all.
Mr. Spitz has wet some with his spit and is trying to pat it down on Mitch's hair.
You know the monks that just shave everything except the very top of their head?
You mean the opposite?
Yeah.
No, there's ones that do what you're thinking and then there's ones that do a mirror version of it.
Yeah?
Yeah.
That's cool.
And then they do like ponytails sometimes.
There's top knot monks.
Yeah.
But I'm imagining that just like with spit.
Top knot monks.
He's a top knot monk now.
And he says, do you guys have any mirrors on the death of a salesman?
Look around you.
The whole thing's a mirror.
So no.
Then I don't know what the fuck that means.
Al looks down into the ocean and sees his reflection in the ocean and points to it.
He sees himself with no hair.
He freaks the fuck out.
He's like, Oh God.
Oh, okay.
All right.
I guess I'll take a negative 20 for the rest of the day.
Oh fuck.
That's right boy.
You're not beautiful no more.
I guess I belong here now.
There's no mirrors aboard.
Don't worry.
Oh good.
We don't much like contemplating our parents.
Before we get on the death of a salesman, I think we're about to fight for our lives.
So I think some more paint is going to be apt at this point.
And he kind of wets his hands in the ocean, sticks his hands into his pockets, which have
gunpowder in them.
And he with like wet gunpowder on his hands, like puts it onto the now bald Mitch for some
like crazy looking war paint that successfully like adheres two or three blonde Charlie Brown
strands sticking up and some tears like flow down through the war paint gunpowder war paint.
It's actually fucking rad.
So for Mitch, he has gunpowder war paint with just like hands on like the side of his head,
on his face and head.
For me, I do the same and just kind of do underneath the eyes, like football style.
Do you break one of your like massive boils on your face when you know the gunpowder rubs
into it and, but this is something Dr Shark has told them to do multiple times is rub
the gunpowder into his open wounds.
Um, I don't know if it helps or not, but Dr Shark definitely told you to and then, and
then he, he puts his hands back down.
He didn't, it was like a 20 style insult, rub gunpowder and you open wounds.
It was like, okay, thanks doc walks around totally gone.
Uh, and so then I like reapply the wet gunpowder and look at you guys.
I'm like seeing if kind of gauge in if you want any or not.
Oh no, thanks.
I'm full.
Um, Spitz is no longer angry and he's just like pouting and sad and he's like, I wanted
to do Mitch's war paint.
Uh, I hear, I hear you do that and I wash my, my hands off in the ocean.
Get them wet and I open up my pocket full of gunpowder so that you can get your hands
wet and do more war paint to yourself and to, to Mitch.
It's not the same.
And he said, all right, you guys go up on the ship and I'm going to take this Tindy
off to the other one.
The, uh, big dreadnought pirate.
Uh, what was his name?
Neckbeard.
So yeah, Mr Spitz kind of like looks at wavy and owl, uh, and they nodded each other and
they're like, well CS, it seems like you think you might be in charge of that, but over there,
but we're more of a pirate democracy and we've elected some captains of our own for
your ship.
Meet Mrs. Knife and a parrot swoops in.
Yeah.
And bows and a self congratulatory says, what a looker.
And then, uh, a Emperor Tamarin monkey with full mustache comes flinging across like the
side of the ship and lands directly in the Tindy.
Yeah.
And then the pirate lands on the monkey's shoulder.
The pirate?
That's what I said.
The pirate.
That was a horrible accent.
Mrs North is as much pirate as any of us.
Exactly.
She's a pirate parrot.
Jesus Christ, the Emperor Tamarin monkey full mustache comes swooping in into the Tindy
and then the parrot lands on his shoulder.
Moving on.
And with that, the mother diggery begins rowing off to the ship that is nearby in the distance.
Waverly kind of mutters to himself, 50 years on a ship and a parrot and a goddamn monkey
make captain for ideas.
It's just not supposed to party, Joe.
We're on the boat right now, right?
Would you like to play the monkey?
I was going to say, well, if Jesus, if, if Jesus Christ is off to, uh, off to, uh, yeah,
the new images of Jesus Christ and Mrs. Knife, they're, they're gonna run the other boat,
right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Are we on the boat currently right now?
I'm going to go up here real quick and then we'll basically start with you guys like on
the boat.
Okay.
Description going.
Well, I, because I so heavily invested into the animal handling thing, I'm going to call
my other monkey up to, I mean, I think you could also just play the monkey that's on
the ship and if you haven't, so like what if it knows semaphore and you can signal to
it and shit.
That's pretty good.
Yes.
You don't string the flags up.
It's literally doing fucking hand semaphore.
Yeah.
The other monkey can help me do that.
They do it to each other.
I tried to teach them the actual way to do it and they couldn't learn it, but they have
their own kind of, yeah.
I'm like, he's telling them the right thing.
Yeah.
It's going to be so great when they betray us, but also, okay, I'm trying to think, I've
been running through my head.
Like what?
Jesus Christ is monkey number one.
What's the name of the other monkey?
Mary Magdalene.
See, I was thinking biblical, but I thought it would be funnier.
Maybe just to go, Larry, this is me monkeys.
Jesus Christ and shit monkey.
What's opposite of Jesus Christ?
Little devil.
Santa.
Dude, Jesus Christ and Santa Claus.
Are not opposites.
Well, but they're funny names for monkeys.
As Mrs. Diggory is rolling away, Edward spits, like leans over the railing and shouts, and
remember Mrs. Diggory, we've got your boy.
And you can see in the distance on this boat, even in the beautiful, beautiful sunlight
and daytime that it is out currently, clear blue water below this whole 10D sky above,
Mrs. Diggory shivers.
I really fucking want some chicken dinners.
Do you guys hit the deck of the death of a salesman?
I want you to tell me a little bit more about your ship and how it fares in battle.
It's got wings and it flies in the air.
Hey, I'd be not shit, but beast.
As soon as Al gets on deck, he wants to go back down kind of into his like little domain.
So he walks into the door on the ship and goes down into kind of the underbelly of the ship.
He's probably got like the front quarter of the ship underneath is his like little living area slash like laboratory.
And there's like gunpowder and different like, you know, kind of chemically looking stuff in there.
Doohickeys and gadgets.
Doohickeys, gadgets, all sorts of stuff.
Mostly it all looks like it's about to like a lighter goes off and the whole thing explodes.
I love that.
But he walks in and he's got, you know, his like meticulously made bed and everything.
And then he goes over into the corner and there's a cage.
One cage is empty and one cage has Emperor Tamarin monkey in it.
A clone?
No.
Well, you can see the cages are kind of like on top of each other and the top one says Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
And the other one says crowbar.
Okay. Awesome.
It's because he likes to primate.
And so he gets crowbar out.
He gets crowbar out.
He refills his pockets with gunpowder and he just kind of sits on the bed, takes a few deep breaths, kind of like gathers himself and then heads back up to the top.
Even though it's a pun name, I'm still imagining crowbar as way harder.
Like little monkey tattoos.
Got a monkey weight set in his little monkey cage.
Jesus Christ is live.
Crowbar is jacked.
Crowbar is, he's like four times as heavy.
So like when he's on my shoulder, it's like weighs me down.
He's like 50 pounds.
He's bit everyone on board.
It's like a ferocious toddler.
As you, as you bring him back up on, as you bring, yeah, they can rip your face off.
As you bring him back up the deck, like every single person on your crew is freaking out.
They're like, they never know if it's going to be a Jesus Christ day or a crowbar day.
Whispers, whispers, thread, like up the decks.
It's crowbar. Crowbar's coming.
There's a reason that there's a lock on crowbars cage and not on Jesus's cage.
The stone had been rolled away.
Until Jesus went off to captain another ship.
This is why we trusted Jesus to do it.
Jesus was a great monkey.
Jesus was a great monkey. He is a great monkey.
Crowbar's a great pirate.
I come back up onto the deck and I see Waverly.
Waverly's getting prepared for what we're doing.
So he's up there making sure that all the crew men are getting to their stations.
He's probably calling out. I don't know ship call outs.
Oh, just do one.
To sails. All hands to sails.
Awesome.
He's starting to scout where the starting line is with his spyglass.
And he's moving the steering wheel to try and get the rudder in place
to get us a good angle to make sure that when we get to the starting line
we've got a good starting shot to roll out on.
That sounds good. So we've got four ships total.
You're in control of two of them.
And then we have the ship known as the fancy pyromancy on the dam sea.
Nice work.
The powdered wig flag.
The cannon on the flag is wearing a powdered wig.
They are lined up very inside track on this race.
And then the port deserters, which is the Union Jack flag
with a bottle embroidered over the top of it.
The port deserters are much further away from the island.
They are betting on the speed of their ship.
And you know these ex-military guys have an incredibly fast ship.
So they're taking the outside track to try to avoid combat.
Finally, the Swingsing brothers.
Everything I said earlier was wrong.
There are actually five ships total.
That would make more sense for sure.
The other one is the music notes that are flinging themselves off of a ship on their flag.
They are known as the Swingsing brothers, Barney and Balaam.
And they are also lined up pretty close to the island.
Sort of close to the fancy pyromancy on the dam sea.
And so from inner to outer, what's the...
First would be fancy pyromancy on the dam sea.
Next, pretty close by within range is the Swingsing brothers, Barney and Balaam.
And then there's a lot of space.
Like multiple cannon ranges between them and the port deserters.
And where are we?
Where are you?
Yeah, that's what we're talking about right now.
Oh, okay.
He just laid out where the other ships are.
So we can decide now where do we want to put ourselves between which two ships.
I'm pretty confident in my ability to run this crews firing squad.
Firing squad? Not really.
I mean...
Offensive line. How about that?
I'll just be back here on the tight end.
Mitch says as he heads to the stern.
I think we start in the middle and we immediately start shooting.
By middle, do you want to be closer to the port deserters?
They're the ones who are kind of far outside now.
I think we should mob the weakest with our superior numbers.
Send them to the bottom of the sea.
I think we let the weak ones take care of each other and we go after the...
We know that those guys are going to be fast, so we take them down fast.
We don't know who's going to be fast, do we?
When I was describing the port deserters, I described their ship as, you know...
They're ex-military and they're very fast.
We know who's going to be fast, yes.
But I say let the strongest weaken themselves out.
We pick off the weak slim pickings, then we come up on the remainders.
Whoever's left.
Well, I think we let the losers take care of themselves and we fight our number one competition.
We also have the advantage of two ships, so we can have the neckbeard run interference anywhere we want.
That's always the advantage, but we can also mob any one ship.
I have complete and the utmost confidence in the ability of Jesus Christ to sink the weak ships.
I think we take after the Dusty Pirates or whatever they're called.
I imagine they're all quite Dusty Pirates.
I knew it was something to do with music notes, but I forgot what they were called.
The Dusty Pirates?
What are they called?
The Swing Sing Brothers?
That's what I said.
Yeah, the Dusty Pirates.
What?
What?
I don't know where Dusty came from, but that's what I was referring to, was the Sing Swing Brothers.
But what were you saying about the Swing Swing Brothers?
We should follow them and we should take them, because they're going to be the fastest.
No, it's the port deserters who are the fastest.
That's the deserters.
That's why I said Dusty.
Dusty Pirates.
Hey, I'm just here to shoot shit.
Right.
Right.
So why don't you tend to your guns and leave the strategy to Mr. Adler?
He leaves the strategy huddle to make sure that his guys are all ready to shoot on his command.
My vote was to have our sister ship now, the Neckbeards, take out some aggression there
on the port deserters.
They're the ones who are going to get the lead.
We don't want them to get the lead, because if they get the lead, they're going to keep the lead.
And then I think that, as far as we are concerned, maybe put ourselves kind of distant from the other two?
Well, the whole idea is to get there first, to make a circle first, right?
Which the port deserters are going to do if we don't stop them.
That's what I'm saying.
So we take care of them, and then Jesus and Miss Sword are going to take, Miss Knife, whatever the name is,
is going to take care of the ones that aren't our competition.
And then once we take care of the fast boys, we are the fast boys, and we just complete the race.
What of these fancy pants? How do we make of their capabilities?
I want to get out my spyglass and maybe do a spot hidden or an appraisal.
Yeah, I want to help with that.
Yeah, absolutely.
I'd like to spot hidden, but for what their offensive capabilities are.
I pass for sure. Let's see if I get a crit.
I do not.
We got a pass from Wavy Adler.
Pass for Edward Spitz.
I got a 44 and a 45.
Can we just blanket this, the other ships, not just the pyromancy?
Absolutely.
And we got a crit from Al.
Alabaster.
As you look at the ship Fancy Pyromancy on the Damned Sea, you see that their canons are massive, and they have lots of them.
This thing is weighed down.
It is not going to be particularly fast. That's why they've taken the inside track.
However, their canons fire at an absurdly long range given the length of their barrels.
We should put the neckbeards between them and us.
When you see the Port Deserters ship, you see that they are all just chilling and drinking on deck.
And they are already celebrating their victory with how deeply fast their ship is.
The Swingsing Brothers are already preparing for acrobatics and sword fighting.
They are getting fully in mode to engage.
They seem to be directing their rudder directly at Fancy Pyromancy on the Damned Sea to go directly toward them right at the top.
So we put the neckbeards between the Fancy Damned Sea's guns and our holes.
And we make, like you lot are saying, for the Port Deserters.
The Dusty Pirates?
No.
Port Deserters.
I'm going to keep calling them that.
You're going to be telling your men to shoot at the wrong things.
The Port Deserters were on the outside?
Yeah, and they're the fastest ship.
I really should have brought my whiteboard, that's my bad.
No, this is fine.
Gentlemen, I think both of our ideas have some merit here.
We put the Port Deserters between us and...
Nope, they're on the outside.
Yes, exactly.
We can be even farther out.
Oh, we can be farther out than them?
We're on their outside.
And then between us and those scary guns, the neckbeards are there too.
Agreed.
Us, Deserters, neckbeards, Swinksing Bros, Fancy Pyromancy on the Damson.
I think we should take both of our boats after the Port Deserters.
Can we talk about our ship a little bit?
How do we feel about compared to these other boats, our speed?
Let's just say that.
How do we feel compared to these other boats as far as our speed compares to their speeds?
I would say, what's your rope use score?
I gave myself, in Kala Cthulhu, or Pulp Cthulhu, it's drive wagon slash coach.
I just crossed that out and called it ship and said 70.
Oh, okay.
Then we'll use that 70.
So you would consider yourself 10% slower than the fastest ship and 10% faster than
the next slowest, but then quite a bit faster than Fancy Pyromancy on the Damson.
Right, right, right, right.
The reason I brought that up is just to think about that inside track that the fancy is
using, if we wanted to get closer like that.
But with just being 10% behind Port Deserters, yeah, I don't think it matters.
You guys have a fast crew, a fast ship.
Yeah.
Would you call the Fancy Pyromancy, if you had to like rate maybe what like their cannons
and stuff were?
A hundred, the way it sounded.
Yeah, you got it.
Yeah, I think that's a good idea then.
If you want to put us on the outside of the deserters.
Mob the deserters.
And if it seems like any of the others are, you know, maybe pulling away from their scuff
while we send the neckbeards after them.
Look at it.
Look at it.
Look at the Sling Sling brothers.
Look at their rudder.
That's pointed right at the pyromancers.
They've been pyromancies in some fancy business for a little while.
Exactly.
I think the guys on the inside are going to take care of themselves.
And then they'll at least keep each other busy and we can deal with the deserters.
The smoke signal from the middle of the island changes from black to a white smoke.
Oh fuck.
Go, go, go.
As if a poop has been chosen.
Foesail, catch the wind.
Al runs down into the basement so he can light the pirate light, which helps with all the
lights on the ship.
And gives a boost to Joe's pilot score.
No, the pirate light.
His pirate score, yeah.
I said pirate score.
We all said pirate.
Spitz is kind of doing what he's been doing this whole time, which is just like sending
people to the right place.
But he's also not quite as effective as he might be in this case because even though
our ship does not have a captain, he makes sure no one goes near the captain's cabin.
It's unoccupied but he's like, it won't always be that way.
He just really, his only desire is to serve a hierarchy.
Oh then I should have given you a captain, my bad.
No, that's my character arc.
He's going to find his captain.
Al runs back up from lighting the pirate light and he starts yelling at everybody like,
Man the cannons!
Are we close enough to hit them?
Al!
Alabaster!
Signal to the backbears!
They need to open fire too!
Crowbar!
Crowbar runs up the mast pretty slowly because of the density that he's carrying up there.
It's like watching a giant move where it's like moving a lot but slowly.
And eventually like fucking Yadier Molina trying to steal second this...
You mean super duper fast?
That's cool.
This chonker knows exactly how to do what it's doing.
Like Albert Pujols moving into second on Fielder's Indifference.
That's right.
And so the monkey crowbar changes out a green flag for a red flag with a white stripe in it.
Which is the signal to the other ship.
And you see in the distance Jesus Christ throws up the affirming flag on the ship of Neckbeard.
And so I need a sailing roll from Mr. Wavey Adler.
That's a pass with a nine.
Okay.
Pass with an eight.
Oh!
Fuck yeah!
Slightly better jump.
Damn.
Oh no!
We get it.
We get it.
We're above in the contest.
The port deserters were drinking so our cannon fire startles them.
Oh fuck!
That and then also just yeah like they're over fucking confident.
They're cocky.
Because I noticed them like drinking on board and kind of spilling all over the place I've
loaded up a couple of the cannons with just like molotov kind of cannon balls to make
fire.
Should we?
I guess we could even do this now in podcast time or we could cut back but we didn't talk
about how we set up our orator and the barrel in the back.
Oh yeah let's do that.
We'll have to have a little talk with Mitch before.
Mitch takes the barrel and heaves it kind of rolls it over each side as he makes his
way back to the stern of the death of a salesman.
As he hits the stairs going up to that back deck he kind of looks around for anyone's
help.
Oh Mitch Mitch!
Mitch!
It's me Mr. Spitz.
Oh hey Mr. Spitz.
Can you help me carry this barrel back to the stern and get it ready?
Yeah yeah of course.
Anything for you my boy.
Oh man you're so nice to me.
I'm really worried.
Alright.
He begins helping you kind of carry it back there and you guys get it to the back and
kind of get it ready and set up the bunghole to be perfectly.
I've got a Marlin's bike ready to drive into that the second the smoke goes off but he
turns around and he pauses like Mitch why are you worried?
I'm just I think that um it's a lot of like I don't know do you do you believe in magic?
I do.
He like parts his vest to reveal all manner of like superstitious charms like crucifixes
just everything any anything he might imagine would bring him some luck in his pirate life
and he's like of course I do Mitch all pirates believe in magic and he gets a twinkle in
the side.
At that point Al walks out with like a giant length of rope and is like looking around
for something to tie him to.
Were these tattoos on your chest or were they trinkets that you had like a neck on necklaces?
Oh there's there's trinkets there's tattoos there's essential scars nice yeah essential
yeah no he's got some crystals and essential oils dangling down from there he's got a he's
got a Himalaya salt crystal lamp in his wig.
He's got Billy Bob Thornton's blood in a vial.
I just think that um yeah no that's good that's really that's really good Mr. Spitz.
Hold on one moment Mitch and he collects some crystals that he was charging on the railing.
If all moonlight's not you understand.
He looks back and he's just like I really um yeah no I think that'll be uh I think that'll
be helpful for you you know uh just keeping your keeping your head on your shoulders keep
your marbles you know all right okay um am I gonna fall back am I gonna fall off this
thing back here?
Mitch have you ever been on a boat?
Yeah I got here on a boat.
You know how to stand?
Yeah yeah I've been standing for a while yeah.
Al comes out with some rope and he's like oh could you stand maybe right up against
that pole right next to you?
Wait wait wait no no no give him some length you know we want him to.
We don't want him falling off this boat.
That's why you give him some length you fool.
This pirate balls are about to be throwing that's what we call cannon balls.
Pirate balls, pirate balls gonna be flowing.
We want Mitch to be able to dart from side to side but still.
From side to side.
When Al came out with the rope his intention was to just like completely secure him to
a pole but he's been convinced otherwise so uh he he he ties the rope kind of like like
in a harness around his like arms and gives him about 10 feet of rope but like enough
that if he fell off like only half of his body would be off the ship like he wouldn't
fall very far falling off.
I think now is the perfect time for the smoke to change yeah?
Yeah.
Smoke to go off.
Luke go ahead and roll a heavy what is your skill called?
It's called uh heavy weapons and I got a 48 on an 80.
Hey that'll do it okay cool uh go ahead and roll a d8.
Luke just signaled uh four fingers to Zach.
And Zach moved his head toward Luke's microphone.
Alright cool so um Thomas as the ship lurches forward the sails are filled.
Every single one of these massive pieces of cloth is taut in the in the heavy wind of
this summer day and it just pushes you forward and it's almost as if you like.
It's like the wind's blowing so hard that it's like crazy.
The ship lurches forward and in that moment as we begin you know what you must do.
Yeah Edward Spitz takes a very practiced hand to his mallet you know in the marlots bike
and busts open the bunghole and lets that liquid spray out the back.
And immediately the smell of iron hits your nose as blood begins pouring out the back
of the ship and your cannons go firing off and you see the port deserters head off to
a start just about even with you.
You're dead neck and neck and your cannons are firing through the whole of their ship
and on the other side you see that neckbeard ship unfortunately has not gotten the sails
up and ready to go yet.
They have not caught wind.
However the swing singers are off to a decent start.
The fancy pyromancy on the DMC lurches like they got a fucking Mario Kart boost because
they rolled a critical success and they jump to an early lead on the inside track as their
cannons sink us and end the game.
You see wood splinters flying off the ship of the swing sing brothers and you notice
that a couple of them who are up in the air.
What are they called?
What is a wooden part called?
A mast.
A mast.
The mast that a couple of them are hanging from is just obliterated to the point to where
it flies off the deck into the water dragging to these acrobatic pirates down into the water
with it.
People are screaming.
Smoke is covering the entirety of the racing track.
Oh isn't it a beautiful day Mitch?
Oh yeah it's pretty nice out actually today.
I'm at the blood and screams.
Oh yeah and he throws up.
Alabaster throws up for the second time today after seeing that.
Alright alright get your stomach in order boys.
It's time to start using your words.
I don't like using my words.
I like using my guns.
Use those guns Alabaster.
As Mitch wipes his mouth he takes a few deep breaths and begins.
For a while in here.
For a while in here.
For a while in here.
Miss Knife.
We could also have Jesus Christ and Miss Knife team up to captain the ship.
That's right.
Who is Jesus Christ?
That's my monkey.
Excellent.
The new adventures of Jesus and Mrs. Knife.
Thanks for watching.
