Slip in some slop, y'all.
It's Wolf the Dog, the DJ Supreme from the radio station formerly and currently known as 694.2 PTBP.
And I am here to give your ears a little butterfly kiss, but with my vocal cords.
And speaking of things that are right, this Howlin' with Wolf is from Harley in Southampton, England,
who tweeted about the show and tagged at Pretending Pod,
a worthwhile thing you can do, too, regardless of if you have a cool name and or are from a cool port city.
You can still share the new promo video and tag at Pretending Pod.
Harley from Southampton, England writes,
And scrubbing Luz seems a bit less daunting while I have Keith Beans being an absolute mess in my headphones.
Sometimes I do get strange looks when I start laughing out loud in the middle of a shift, but it's a small price to pay.
Keep it up, guys. You make a lot of people really happy.
And Wolf, keep on howlin'.
I look forward to your dulcet tones at the start of every episode.
Oh, and a look out for my upcoming post-apocalyptic gamebook, I guess, with Savage Realms gamebooks?
Love, Harley from Southampton, England, xxx.
Now, Harley, did you give ol' Wolfy an owoo?
Owooooo!
My lord, do I love a good howl with me, Wolf.
Thanks for the kind words, especially the ones that are about yours truly.
If you want to write up something for your slippy, sloppy wolf to howl, just tag at Pretending Pod on Twitter or Instagram,
tag Pretending To Be People on Facebook, and tag user slash Pretending To Be People on Reddit.
Or write a five-star review on the podcast app of your choice and get that delicious evidence before my sloppy wet eyes.
And it's never been easier to share something around,
because Pretending To Be People collabed with a wildly talented film production team called Mood Ring Films.
And together, they created a promo video that turned out well beyond the PTBP crew's most auspicious dreams.
So just, uh, share that, and tag at Pretending Pod, and you're good to go.
You can, uh, you can do that now. Go on, I'll wait.
Oh, you need the link. That's what you're telling me. Well, guess where the link is.
That's right, the links are in the show notes.
Pretty cool news about that promo video, huh?
And that weren't even the news.
Last time, Cal Colorado smelled a smeared waxy substance left behind at the scene at the Zeitgeist.
And he determined that it smelled like some moron's earwax,
which was an enormous letdown, given that Julius and Stevie said they smelled God.
And Beck claimed he saw visions of the wet energy and the lightning tornado.
After another round of sniffs, Beck witnessed even more unnatural activity.
Julius saw a blood moat above train tracks in the upside-down church in Grover's Gorge.
And Cal smelled earwax again.
Oh, what? Hold on there.
Being handed a note by my producer, which is frankly horrible.
Terrible smell, cold hand. Five stars.
The note says that Thomas just released the finale of his Oops All Pettymores campaign over on the Patreon.
That's right, all six parts of The Lost Treasure of John Lee Pettymore,
including the two-part finale, part six, part one, and part six, part two,
are now available in edited audio format at patreon.com slash pretending pod.
And these were edited by the Thomas himself.
And let me just say, pretty solid work there, Thomas.
Well done, boy.
So if you want to listen to the six part seven episode scenario that Thomas ran,
which is a wild continuation of a region of contention story,
you can get access for five bucks, five US dollars.
And you can watch the very strange, sometimes partially cosplayed,
VOD BTS streams of the Patreon recording process for fifteen dollars.
Which just so happens to be the cost of a nice lunch sometimes, which is nice.
But this is like hours upon hours of nasty streams from these dudes at their weirdest.
Anyway, check it on out.
It's a solid little horrible story.
Now you know I'm not gonna say where the links are.
You're gonna say it in your head in this moment of silence.
The word segue looks like you should say it seg, which is the singular of sex.
Last thing, if you want to submit your interpretation of the wet energy,
or the lightning tornado, or the blood moat in the upside down church,
in the ongoing fan art contest slash drawing, you have until July 14th to enter.
We got some incredible work so far from illustrations, to fanfic, to an original song,
to even embroidery.
And we're just beside ourselves.
And if you need some more ideas, no one has sent in cosplay,
or a recreation of the sitting while walking dance from the calzone.
And I sure would like to laugh at that.
Just the idea.
Damn, that's silly.
But really, it's time for a hot new ditty that'll make you huff and puff, daddy.
It's Alter Girl with My Life is Great and It's All My Fault.
Because my life is great and it's all my fault.
Good energy.
What else we got?
What else we got?
How about them cardinals?
Man, pretty mixed bag.
I just opened up an orange filled with tiny products.
That was fun.
Wait, what?
There was an orange.
Your wife said open this orange and I opened it and there's tiny products inside.
They said open this orange right in front of Thomas and don't offer him a chance to open
any of the five slices, even though there's ten total between the two of us.
And we're going to do this and we're going to laugh at his pain.
Had Thomas...
I just thought that was weird.
Had Thomas not been staring at a puzzle and said like,
Oh, can I open one?
Then you would open more than one, probably.
I shouldn't have to ask.
That's...
Oh, wow.
I shouldn't have to assume what you want to do.
No, you should.
At all times.
Why aren't you thinking about Thomas all the time?
No, this is not...
I was like, I could be offered an orange.
I wasn't actually mad, but I thought it was fun to do.
But you started thinking about it early in the orange filling process.
Ten little orange slices.
That is true.
There's ten chances.
He's starting to count on his fingers.
And then looking at the ceiling.
Oh, yeah.
Almond breeze, huh?
What if I open one?
Maybe it would be cool.
I guess if they stop now and offer me one, I could still even it out and get three in.
I just wanted one.
Thomas, you want to open one?
We didn't know, unfortunately.
I don't think it crossed either one of our minds.
That's my whole point, clearly.
But let me tell you, we did get some Oscar Mayer wieners.
We got some oven roasted turkey breasts.
All tiny, huh?
So tiny.
How small are we talking?
We're talking not big.
We're not even talking normal size.
If you took a product and you shrunk it down like Honey, I Shrunk Your Products, it's that.
Maybe it is all leading up to...
It's all promotion for a movie.
Everything's promotion.
God, it sounds so much fun to open one of those.
Actually, hold on.
Joe and I are upset, too.
That you didn't get oranges?
Yeah.
It's your wife.
We weren't even aware of the phone we were missing.
Bring it up.
Here's how it happened.
Which is worse if you think about it.
I left.
There's five people in this house right now, so that could have been two for everybody.
Yeah, that would have been an even number.
I emerged from the bathroom and I started looking through the tiny things and she said,
oh, look what I have.
And she went and got two packages of tiny things and said, do you want to open this with me?
Stop defending that woman.
I'm not.
I'm putting blame on her.
She was the one that went to get them.
She could have came in, knocked down here.
I think we're all in agreement that this is Taylor's fault.
Guys, do you want to stop recording and open up two slices of oranges each?
Can you imagine if we were in the middle of recording and she did come in?
Could have been an all-time great episode moment.
She took something from thousands of listeners, too.
Damn, dude.
That would have been our dragons are spooky of season two.
Oh, sorry for the season one call back.
Those of you who haven't made it back there, but if you are listening to this and you haven't
listened to season one, what are you doing?
Come on, check it out.
I will say highlight of my week so far, um, opening up five slices.
Oh man, let's dive into the deep sleepy slumber.
Let's get into this boring shit so I can go buy some more.
It is the morning of Thursday, July 7th.
Right now, can you put in the music?
That's like like the morning music, the morning music.
It's like birds are chirping on the show and they play that same song for every show ever.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
I do.
Is it like the Vivaldi?
Is it trying to remember what it was?
Cause I used to know it's, I think it's called like dawn, something morning, morning,
dawn or something like that.
It's a classical piece that ended up being used.
Oh, it's a classical piece.
Is it bittersweet symphony?
Yeah, that's it.
That's it.
No shit.
I think it's called morning wood.
No, that's what it.
That's what it feels like to have morning wood.
I know it's morning.
And a bird comes in and perches on it.
Horror podcast, horror podcast, horror podcast.
What if a woodpecker pecked your pecker?
But no one wakes up to a woodpecker pecking at their pecker.
Julius wakes up in his mind.
Morningwood is playing and then he's like, uh oh.
And Beck Wilder wakes up.
I think probably still covered in equipment.
Yeah, definitely.
His headphones have kind of slacked off on his head, kind of around his face and eyes.
And he's got his cameras resting on his chest.
And he looks disheveled like he'd had a fiffle night's sleep.
And Cal Colorado wakes up in his own bedroom.
No, he wakes up on the couch in his den and he's not spilled the glass of scotch,
but it is set like far closer to the edge of the table than he would normally countenance.
And he kind of snorts and the Bible is still open in his hand and he's
underlined, thou shalt not kill.
And he's thinking about that.
As he walks downstairs, probably a couple of hours before
either of your wake up scenes happens to start cooking everybody waffles and eggs.
Probably with a vegan option for Stevie.
Oh, that's very kind.
And this is how you know that we've got real role playing going on,
because I know that Thomas makes damn good pancakes.
So for you to go with waffles...
I'm a pancake man.
I'm a pancake man.
Cal is a waffle man.
And I stick to the character, folks.
Character choice.
That's right.
After I dropped off that weirdo, I went to fucking Waffle House and got the All-Star Special.
Oh, wow.
It was good.
Yeah, hell yeah.
The weirdo paid me to get waffles.
Nice.
Nice.
Some things even out.
Imagine if they served pancakes there though, you know?
They get so mad if you ask.
This is a waffle house!
Where are your manners?
That's the Grumpet Palace.
So yeah.
Beck follows his nose like a cartoon character floating out of the couch and into the kitchen.
Whoa, Cal.
You doing your famous waffles?
I mean, I almost said pancakes.
You're not a pancake guy.
Oh, I mean, I can make a mean cake when I have to, but...
No, Emeril taught me how to make these waffles.
Oh, bam!
Beck kind of takes a plate and sidles up next to the waffle maker, just like ready to be
served a hot one.
Hey, did you sleep okay?
I slept pretty fine.
You know, a good three and a half hours.
Pretty typical.
Pretty typical.
Three and a half, dude.
I don't know how you do it.
I think most people are like this.
Not me, man.
You know, I tend to find, you know, sure, people at work may grumble every now and then,
but you know, all of us kind of love when we just really get together and push through
working through the night and everything.
Don't you feel that way?
I mean, there is...
Don't you feel energized by that?
There's some camaraderie that I like there for sure, but no, I don't like it.
As this just then Julius comes like lunging into the room, like doing lunging.
Bec, Cal looks confused and a little hurt and he goes, Julius, would you like the first
waffle?
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh, I mean, I was okay.
Oh yeah, that'll be a couple minutes, Bec.
Julius gobbled it down.
He's hungry.
Does Cal Keurig or make a pot of coffee?
He's got an old shitty coffee maker from the nineties that he used like in his office that
he still like, it's his old reliable and there's a pot of that for sure.
And there's probably like three other very expensive devices for making any kind of
little espresso or Chemex pour over.
Yeah.
Aeropress tubes and shit.
He's got a Slayer in his kitchen.
Shout out to all my coffee freaks out there.
Can I, can I grab an energy drink?
Last time I was here, you said you kept them stocked just in case we wanted one.
In case Beck wanted one.
If you, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, I mean, he opens it up and there's like 23 and he's like, yeah, there should
be enough.
I figured, you know, I was first waffle boy, so I felt like maybe I'd ask.
I was first waffle boy.
Beck is pouring himself a cup of coffee and he is grabbing a energy also and is cracking
it and he's double fisting his wake up juice.
Beck, will you give me, toss me one of those.
Julius, do you, do you like to work late?
Well, it depends.
Uh, you know, usually throughout my life, there's no like real hours on what I do.
So, uh, it's not really a question of whether I like doing it, but I do, I do it.
Okay.
But you've enjoyed your time at city action news, right?
Grinding for?
The truth?
Yeah.
I mean, for the week or so that I've been here, it's been great.
I wouldn't want to do it all the time though.
I don't think he kind of narrows his eyes.
Two weeks.
He narrows his eyes, but he doesn't yank the waffle from here.
I mean, if we're going to can is like everything we've been doing for the last two weeks.
Yeah, no, I would never want to stop it.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's important work.
Glad you feel that way.
Eat up.
You'll need the energy.
Yum, yum, yum.
Beck, I've got a hot, fresh one right here for you.
Yeah.
Has anybody seen Stevie yet this morning?
Door was closed when you walked down the hallway.
Cow like walks straight down there and knocks too loud.
Not like mean, but just oblivious.
Hey, sweetie.
Uh, I mean, sorry, Stevie.
Breakfast is ready.
Um, so just come on out.
Rest of the cruise.
Yeah.
Hot, hot, fresh waffles, uh, vegan options.
I think I remember that you were maybe that.
Thank you.
Yeah.
You can hear them laughing, uh, as they wake up and come to.
Yeah, be there.
Be there in a minute.
Cow like stops and sniffs and he's like, Stevie, could you, you know, vape out the window?
I guess it's been a weird, all right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Thank you.
Uh, when you get back to the kitchen, uh, Beck's plate is like a swimming pool with
some waffle in it of syrup.
That's how you do it, dude.
Are you guys ready for, you know, D day?
Daddy day.
K day.
Kurt day.
Stop guys.
Come on.
Well, I guess, are you guys ready to go down the K hole?
Cal, Cal like winces, but he's like, I'll meet you halfway with that one.
We're going to go down the K hole.
He might even like that.
Maybe he can, maybe we can get him to stop the whole daddy.
Do you know that voice is not real, right?
That's not his real voice.
I had no reason to assume that he would have a fake voice, but he sounds twice as old as
he looks.
Have you heard his real voice?
What's it sound like?
It's just like a normal, normal kind of a little, you know, shyer.
I don't know that it's not his real voice.
I just assume you're right though.
It does seem like it's putting it on for sure.
He's definitely putting it on a little bit, right?
Yeah.
Stevie's behind you and they say shyer.
Like he sounds like a hobbit.
Have a waffle.
Good morning.
Good morning, Stevie.
Have a waffle.
Not a morning person.
Yeah, me too, dude.
Yeah.
Energy drink helps.
Oh, uh, thanks.
I'll do a coffee.
You know, as you get older, that'll, that'll change.
I used to sleep until seven or eight sometimes.
And I was your hitch.
I heard you guys, you guys talking.
What's the, what's the game plan?
There's a lot going on today.
Well, first off we got to, uh, we're meeting, uh, Kurt, Kurt at his K hole at the K hole.
Okay.
That's what you were.
So I guess we're going to go do that.
And then after that, what we could, we, we could go to the church at Godel.
We could go to, we could go to the prison to talk to Kaylee silver.
We could, those two sound like other good options.
And then we have that meeting at the foundry.
The underground jazz abode.
Well, and the foundry for lunch.
Right.
Oh yeah.
You guys were going to meet.
What was his name?
Rock Brock Hargrave.
Right.
There's a rock guy.
Yeah.
And everyone's looking at Cal.
Didn't you know like,
Oh yeah, yeah, hold on.
And he like, he disappears down the hallway and he comes back a second later and he's
like here.
And it's a big picture of him and dr Brock, uh, in like 1999 at a new year's Eve party
in the city.
And he has a shirt on that says new year's Brock and Eve.
Very good.
Yeah.
So standing next to a younger Cal Colorado, you see dr Brock Hargrave, who is a tall wiry
man with a short beard and his hands are stained with dirt.
Even at this party, uh, he's wearing a flannel shirt, cargo pants, rugged boots.
A well worn backpack and a faded gray brown cowboy hat sits top his head.
And you see that he is holding the top of a shovel.
And Cal, you remember him always having that shovel with him.
I remember he always had that shovel with him.
Is that?
And then the camera whip pans over to the shovel that's sitting in the corner of the
breakfast nook in Cal Colorado's home.
Cal's eyes dart from the photo in his hand to the, uh, the shovel sitting over in the
nook back and forth, back and forth, back and forth.
And it's like, son of a bitch, that's Brock shovel.
We can give it to him at lunch.
Do you think that maybe, maybe one of those pairs of legs was Brock?
It does seem weird that he would leave such a prized possession behind like that.
Uh, uh, uh, oh, no.
Well, but yes.
Joe Thomas, I need you to leave the room real quick.
I just wanted to check in and make sure that you remember Julius's interaction with Dr.
Brock Hargrave.
Oh shit.
No.
So in this moment, it was him with the water features.
Exactly.
Fuck.
Okay.
Was that before the haves happened?
That was yesterday before.
Yeah.
Wait.
That happened when I was delivering a package to him.
Right.
Yeah.
A couple of weeks ago.
Okay.
Yes.
I hadn't, I hadn't remembered that.
So cool.
Nice.
I will have a sudden realization.
Yeah.
Cause the picture sparked your memory.
Absolutely.
Chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp.
Squaaaaa.
Mine, mine, mine, mine.
No movement.
Maybe they're listening to bird noises on their phone.
I could not hear your birdies.
They were just listening in through the door and they're like, okay, we got to give it
a minute to act like we too long.
And we're zoomed in on Cal Colorado's face as he processes one of many scenarios.
Hold on, Cal.
Can I, can I get a better look at that picture?
Yeah.
I I've met him before I met him like a couple of weeks ago.
Okay.
At his house, I, I delivered a package to him and he gave me a bag.
Was this for your, your X files?
Yeah.
I, well, the last time I was at the zeitgeist, I met with X and, and she gave me a package
to deliver to him and I, you know, I didn't ask any questions.
I just gave it to him and he gave me a bag and I, I looked at what was in the bag and
it was like a rubbing of, of like, I don't know, some like old language or like weird
symbols.
I couldn't really tell what it was and I didn't, you know, I didn't really mess with
it.
I just took that back to my house.
Was there like any information with it or was it like just that?
I didn't really look through.
I didn't want to like make it seem like I had looked through it.
I didn't open up the package that, that I gave him either, but maybe X knows something
about it.
I'm worried that Dr.
Brock's not going to make his lunch date with us.
That's kind of what I'm thinking too.
Seeming more and more likely.
Well, clean your plates.
There's starving children in contention.
Thanks, Mr.
Colorado.
You're welcome, Stevie.
Yeah, thanks.
Yeah, they look at everyone else.
Cal, these are the best you've ever done and that is saying something.
Thank you, Beck.
Working with you every day is like the best work I've ever done.
Thanks, man.
You too.
Let's go shoot some holes.
Let's go shoot that fucking kale.
Hands in.
Mighty ducks on three.
One, two, three.
Maybe next time.
City action news on N C A N.
City action news.
Cool.
Hell yeah.
I always wanted to do that.
Now you have shotgun.
We're here.
That was, yes, that was beautiful.
We saw the map from overhead with the fun sound effects and a little animated van.
Yeah, the Mercedes van.
Yeah.
Fuck yeah.
It does a little loop de loop on accident.
And we get to the bridge, which, um, has now been completely shut off from traffic.
There's a big pylons in the road.
The big, like heavy orange guys.
They do not need to construct more pylons here.
I don't get that.
I don't get that.
I felt that in my soul.
Julius Chuckles.
It's nothing.
No, it was a good one, Julius.
It was really good.
That was super funny.
What?
What's so funny?
Stevie.
What's funny?
He's just really fun.
Tell him, Stevie.
Tell him.
Yeah.
Describe it.
What does, what does that mean?
I mean, have you played Minecraft?
Yes.
Close.
Yeah, it is.
You got, you got subtract 20 years from that.
Well, subtract one word and add another.
Instead of down up.
Oh man.
I'm so confused.
Not down in a mine, but up amongst the clouds.
Cloudcraft would be dope.
That's cool.
Sounds like a cool game.
I've been playing tears of the kingdom.
It's that's okay.
Gotcha.
Up more up.
What?
Upper than the sky.
Above the sky.
Space craft.
Star craft.
There you go.
Oh yeah.
Okay.
So there's this game that a bunch of people played for like hours on end.
There's pot.
Julius gets out of the car.
Stevie, I think I see Kurt.
So why don't you tell me about it later?
I roll to know about star.
Oh God.
And Kurt is waiting for you all in an alleyway and he's on the bridge.
Oh no.
An alleyway, like near the bridge and he's locked up.
He's like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
There's a bunch of blocks.
So you can only get like a block away from the bridge at this point.
And so you can see it from here, but there's no one.
Watching it.
We've got the credentials, even if they were so.
Yeah.
We're the news we're allowed to be anywhere.
Beck is putting on his lanyard that has his press pass in it.
As you lift the lanyard above your head, looking through the hole,
you see Kurt kind of waving you over like hurriedly and worriedly.
Hey guys, there's Kurt over there.
We go talk to him.
He's in his thirties.
He looks older.
His eyes are sunken in and he's wearing a disheveled can windbreaker.
He's got big curly hair atop his kind of tiny head.
Oh, he's got a old TC and polo on underneath the can windbreaker.
And as you notice that Cal, he kind of zips up the windbreaker and is like,
Hey, are you wearing, I've got the drone.
Are you wearing your can colors?
In addition to the city news colors.
No, no, it's not like that.
You cannot solely the can colors like that.
No, no.
At least you zipped up.
I didn't do it.
I just saw you.
And he just stares at you with these sunken in eyes.
Beck, were you filming that?
I got it.
Okay.
Yeah.
Fuck.
Drone.
Let's drone.
Let's do it.
Come on.
Okay.
He reaches down into a bowling bag.
Nice.
Cool.
Pulls out a drone.
It's like, let's do this.
Let's go.
How did I, it was, it was older.
It was like more like this and just a little sexual undertone.
Do you need to listen to it again?
No, please do.
I'm excited about this.
The last time we had a drone experience, it went well.
And the last time, the last time Zach listened to this guy's voice, it, uh, it got used.
So maybe this time a drone will hit him in the fucking throat.
I was doing the city news voice.
So you it's, so it's a, it's a voice.
You admit it's a voice.
I didn't do it.
Cal, Cal, you called it.
That's putting the cows.
Nope.
You got it.
I told you.
You didn't skip out from a mile away.
None of you know what's true.
Just talk, just talk normal.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
And he is going to drone it up and succeeds.
And he flies the drone up and up and up along the buildings on either side of you in this
alleyway, old brick architecture with arches over the windows.
And then the drone flies out.
In the distance, you see the bridge, you see the city river flowing through wide and vast
and dark and strong, and you see the drone follow the path of the road over to the bridge.
And then it hovers above the gaping hole.
It's smooth.
You've seen it before, but through this lens from the top down, getting the full circumference
as the drone continues down, a light turns on the sun still kind of in the corner of
the sky.
Hasn't quite lit this far down inside the hole, but the light from the drone shines
shines bright below and illuminates crashing waves.
Uh, okay.
Kurt, can it, can it swim?
Yeah.
Go, go down there.
Oh, that's cool.
Descend on my dude.
Yeah.
Submerge.
Don't hit the tugboat.
Stop it.
I was doing it.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
That goes to grab the controls and I get slapped back.
Julius kind of looks at Kalin back.
He's like, let daddy do his work.
Thank you.
Oh, I can relax my shoulders.
And it plunges and the drone is wet and the light kind of flashes, flickers, brushing
bubbles, and then you get deeper and the current kind of fades off.
And at the bottom of the city river, you see a tugboat that is like moving back and forth
just a little bit, almost like something on the other side is like doing exactly what
Thomas is doing with his hand, which is like wiggling it back and forth.
And it's just rocking.
You can only see half of it as the drone descends down one side and makes its way.
You see a very sharp circle along the ground.
It's tugboats stuck in a hole.
Can you like navigate the drone into the tugboat and then down past the hole and then out
a window of the tugboat beneath the hole?
Yeah.
Can you get further into the hole?
That is the coolest thing that you've ever said.
Wow.
My man, first you call me daddy, then you have a cool thought like that.
I mean, you boys could learn a thing or two from this young gentleman.
Julius is like fake smiling and nodding his head.
Yes, we all have a lot to learn from young Julius.
He's a shining bright star at Cannes.
His career and, you know, workplace behavior is something we might all strive to emulate,
Kurt.
Julius's smile gets more fake.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to, you know, I'm not talking about, you know, uh, the stuff, but you know
what, nevermind.
Just can you just send that drone down that fucking hole?
In Julius's mind, he thinks Cal is talking about the fact that he's not going to be the
like lead producer.
That's like what's.
Yeah, because you've, you've wrapped your uncle in a wall of thighs.
Yes.
Wow.
A beautiful, beautiful sentiment as the camera heads into the tugboat, as Zach watches a
tugboat tour on YouTube.
I can just come out the butt.
I think we all assumed it would come out the butthole.
Yeah.
This guy's really showing me a lot of knobs.
Not interested.
Yeah, it's all in the front.
It's knobs on the front.
Got the bottle on the back.
Aft as they say.
And the drone, you learn a lot from those videos.
Through the sea of knobs.
Delicately avoiding each.
There's so many.
Step here, boy.
That's what Kurt is saying to the camera that he's directing.
And looks up and is like, oh, I mean, I mean, oh yeah, the knobs get on through there.
My guy, I was like, no, I kind of thought the pirate thing was a little cool, better
than your usual stick, you know, sex monster or whatever.
Let him focus.
The drone continues.
Oh, the drone continues on down into the tugboat and then through the back.
Oh my God.
So many knobs.
And out the other side.
We're through the butt, gentlemen.
The screen that you're watching flickers.
And as it flickers, it's like the scene changes completely.
Who changed the channel?
This is a pretty important role.
What are we rolling?
One of you should do it.
No, you're going to roll a specific die for me.
And I'm going to tell you which one.
One momentarily.
Okay.
After I find a tugboat butthole chart.
Yeah.
I can't find the butthole.
It's the it's right under the poop deck.
I think I got it.
Six.
You can go ahead and roll a D six for me.
Everybody or one person.
Just one person.
Roll them skull boys, Joe.
Yeah.
I hope it's good.
I hope it's a six.
It's a three, which is either the middle right in the middle.
Oh my God.
Very cool.
You see three more tugboats.
The camera is no longer submerged in water and it is no longer being lit by the light
that is shining from off the drone because there is sunlight coming in from the windows
at the top of a gymnasium.
An old timey school gymnasium.
You see dust falling in the sun rays that make their way down onto the basketball court.
And on the far side, underneath one of the basketball hoops.
There's a throne and it's bloody.
Double doors open on the right side of this room, opposite from where the sun is coming
in and the light hits a young creature, small creature, humanoid, not quite human.
Ears are too high on its head, too round.
And it's wearing a school uniform suddenly is sprinting on all fours directly toward
the drone.
As it gets closer, you see blood on its face and hands and on the uniform itself.
And I am in a call for a roll.
One of you guys should roll for the drone operation here.
Okay.
Thomas, go ahead and roll for the drone operation.
Kurt is pretty good.
65.
Fuck yeah.
65.
43.
He nimbly fucking.
Oh, maybe it's 21.
Oh, hell yeah.
Yes.
Nimbly.
This thing is coming directly toward you.
Oh, yes.
I've got it.
And it goes straight up in the air and this thing launches itself off its hind legs to
try to grab onto the drone and just barely taps it.
And you get the little wiggle on the camera.
The camera is looking down at this thing as it sort of begins to circle and prowl and
looking up.
Just a quick aside, Zach, you know, you control this whole world.
Why wasn't the throne and the weird boy covered in, say, chocolate instead of blood?
True.
You have these choices.
That reminds me.
Roll grip.
Oh, not a good one for Cal Colorado.
It's a fail for me, Julius.
Beck fails also.
All righty.
Well, I think this is going to be a decently fat one, even though...
And fat grip chair.
So I think let's go with a D4 and another D4.
Oh, my.
A two and a four.
That's a three and a four.
A three and a four.
I lost seven and that puts me at my breaking point.
I also lost seven and that is a breaking point for Cal.
I lost six and it puts me one above my breaking point.
I'm close, but haven't broken.
Oh, my God.
You have 12 grip?
Yes.
Yeah, that actually makes a ton of sense.
And funny enough, my next breaking point is at zero.
I don't have...
Last one.
Last one.
All right.
Well, so let's get Joe and Luke to leave the room and we'll start with Thomas here.
Well, well, well.
Hey, Zach, that was really cool.
I like coming down into a gym.
That was not expected and very fucking cool.
Hey, thanks.
And I'm scared of the gym.
Hey, dude, what do you want to lose your shit about?
I don't know.
When I fail my grip, does that mean I know it's real?
Yeah, I think you do.
I think you know it's real.
Okay.
What's Cal's grip at currently?
35.
Gotten pretty low.
Yeah, that's...
His last fear was about big bodies of water.
So I think we can maybe even just like add on to that.
Where now it's like a fear of going down that hole or being sucked down.
A fear of being sucked down holes.
Yeah.
Yeah, and like absolutely not getting in water because you'll get sucked down a hole.
I don't know.
That seems simple, which isn't bad necessarily.
There are lots of holes in all sorts of stuff.
Yeah, I think it's the holes.
I think that's...
Anything that's a perfectly round hole, you're just like...
It's got to be pretty massive.
I don't think you're gonna be able to throw any old hole at him,
but unnaturally large and unnaturally smooth holes.
I mean, those are already terrifying, right?
Maybe for you.
I don't know what that means.
For me, that's a walk in the park.
Big holes.
Big holes?
Come on, that's Tuesday.
He could be afraid of the power of new media.
Drones.
Anti-drone.
Anti-drone.
It could be anti-Jim, anti-cat boy.
Certainly.
Again, probably just normal.
Yeah, I think going anti-new tech would be good.
Yeah.
He already doesn't understand a lot of technology.
Now he fears and hates it.
Oh, that sucks.
Now we're getting to the sad part of Cal-Colorado.
That's...
Yes, that's what I don't want to...
Well, that's the end.
I mean, this is where we're going.
He'll find a way out.
Man, he won't...
Maybe through his daughter.
Maybe.
That'd be cool.
The strength of love, Zach.
Man...
Do you have the courage to DM a Delta Green game where love conquers all?
Or are you a pussy?
Or are you a fucking little bitch?
All right, so yeah.
That sounds good.
He's gonna really want to do things the old way.
Okay.
He's gonna...
That's perfect for this.
I mean, where we're going, that's...
Boom.
Send in a boy.
Preferably, I think, Luke.
Because Joe doesn't have...
Oh, wait.
No, sit down.
Sit down.
Sit back down.
Fight, flight, or freeze.
Fight, freeze, flight.
Okay.
And that's a D6?
Yes, sir.
Five, so fight.
He punches Kurt in the face.
Thank you.
Get that drone fucking bullshit out of here.
We don't need to see this shit, Kurt.
I'm in trouble.
I hope you've been thinking about what you've done.
I'm in danger.
Well, you lost...
Seven.
And that took you to...
Twelve.
Which is a...
Breaking point.
So...
Yeah, let's start with...
You know, I just thought of it.
It's life-ruining and it's perfect.
Oh, great.
Julius is afraid of working out.
He's afraid of the gym.
Oh, no.
That's so sad, dude.
He's close to being just completely lost.
Yeah, you're right.
This is the end.
Do you think that's a good one?
Yeah, it's perfect because it's your last one.
Yeah, it's absolutely perfect.
It sucks.
It's perfect.
It's absolutely character-ruining, which is brutal and sad.
I love it.
Yes, that's so funny that you say that.
I love you.
Let's go ahead and fight.
Record it for real.
Fight, flight, or fight, fight, or freeze.
Fight, flight, or freeze.
What am I doing?
You are about to roll a d4 and two d10s.
Really good stuff.
D6, right?
We're pulling a long one here at PTBP tonight.
It's not that bad.
It's not.
You didn't put them in order.
Okay, I'll reroll.
Let's see.
In the situation...
Because I'm not in the situation.
I'm observing it.
Most likely would be freeze, and then flight, and then fight.
Okay, sounds good.
Roll a d6.
One.
Okay.
So fight.
Fight.
Damn.
Who do you attack?
Daddy.
Yep, what do you say as you attack him?
Yeah, so Julius is watching this all happen, and he kind of jumps when the thing jumps at the drone.
And then that physical reaction makes him think,
what the fuck am I looking at?
This is real.
And he doesn't want to see it anymore, so he's gonna just try to
probably violently knock the controller out of Kurt's hand.
That's fucking funny, man.
Thank you.
Yeah, it's all about, you know, making it fun.
Is it good for the story?
Kaka!
Probably hinders what we're able to do, but hey, it's what Julius would do.
It's the moment.
It's what happens.
This is classic what happens.
Yeah, and then definitely he doesn't want to work out anymore.
He's gonna be a sad sack.
A sad sack?
Welcome on back.
Welcome on back.
Oh yeah, you didn't hit yours.
Gotcha.
Joe, you lost more than five grip.
So I would need you to rank fight, flight, and freeze.
Freeze is his most likely.
Flee is his second likely.
And fight is least likely.
Absolutely.
Runaways two or three.
What's the good one?
Four, five, or six.
Six.
It's a sixer.
All right, so you get to freeze while the other two please roll.
Unarmed combat.
I gotta fail.
I gotta fail.
Cal passes, so what he said earlier happens.
Punches Kurt in the face.
Which literally knocks him so far out of the way that when Julius goes to knock the drone
out of his hands, you've already taken him way down.
Like he was hunched.
He was like sitting on his feet kind of.
Oh yeah, this is a sucker punch.
Complete.
Super rude.
Top notch rude.
If you could roll a D4.
It's so funny.
Four?
Oh my god.
It's so funny that Kurt is just like controlling the drone and is now getting pummeled.
He did so little of anything.
We saw something so scary we had to punch you.
Oh my god.
And so Stevie's screaming like, what are you doing?
What was that?
What are you doing?
It's these fucking drones.
They're gonna take all our fucking jobs.
And nobody needs to see that shit.
Technology, technology.
Beck, you and I just used to go out with our fucking cameras.
Hold on.
It would just be you and me.
That's all we needed to break a story, right?
Beck is staring down into the screen and making maybe some back of the throat noises.
Turn that fucking camera off.
As you scream that you're looking at this screen and the drone went all herky jerky
when your boy daddy got knocked to the ground.
And so the last thing this camera sees before you're turning it off is this creature
which you see now.
It's a person but its eyes are like too high on its face and kind of
a little bit further out and its ears are on the top of its head.
It's a fucking koala bear.
And its nose is like dark.
Cal kicks that like screen like the monitor into the river.
It's looking curiously into the camera and like that image twitches on the screen.
You all see as it flies slow-mo through the air.
A block away into the river.
Yeah, he's an ex-football star.
Or the trash or whatever the fuck.
Oh yeah, directly in the trash.
Whatever.
That's a big pile of garbage on the city streets.
Beck's eyes don't follow it.
They remain staring now at the ground where that screen used to be.
Cal kind of composes himself.
He shudders and like his whole body shakes.
And he says,
Kurt,
Daddy,
I'm really sorry.
Don't tell anybody about this.
Why, why did you do, why did you do that, man?
Why, why would you do that, man?
You're a creepy asshole but that didn't justify what I did to you.
My friend, Dr. Brock Hargrave.
Yeah?
Yeah, it was good.
Okay.
My friend, Dr. Bark, Brock Hargrave.
My friend, Dr. Bark Hargrave is missing his shovel and possibly both limbs if he's even alive.
I'm going to go to the foundry and have a fucking drink.
You guys are walking back to the van and Beck is still staring down at the ground.
Beck.
Come on.
Oh yeah.
And he jumps along behind him.
And Julius looks at him.
Did you get that on camera?
Oh shit.
Cal like throws $200 from his wallet down on top of Kurt.
It says, get a new one, drone boy.
He can cut that and play it at the end or whatever.
No, I'm doing like six endings on that.
Julius is like, damn, does an underwater drone only cost $200?
Cal sniffs the bag.
Four.
Cause my life is great.
C A N City Action News.
