Hello and greetings my little wolf babies
Welcome to my crib
Welcome to your crib that sits safely inside of my crib lay down and get ready to get swaddled
Because auntie wolf is here to present yet another broadcast from the radio station known as six nine four point two
PTBP
Warm up the milk and scream to the heavens because we got a new howling with wolf
This week's howling with wolf is from at
LED Lorenzo who tweeted about the show and tagged at pretending pod hear that you can be just like
LED Lorenzo if you also tweet about this show in tag at pretending pod, it's easy
Easy
Eleanor writes, so I'm still recovering from a bad flu
So my head's in a fog
But I'd like to make a shout out for the state of Missouri and the fine people who seem to live there based on you
Guys, and also people should follow me on Twitter for new fun updates on my projects and follow me on
Instagram for butt stuff, but not actually butt stuff, but like vanity stuff
IDK whatever you think is best wear a condom
The state of Missouri more like the state of misery. Am I right ladies?
Make sure y'all follow whom'st ever this human being is now Eleanor
I don't know what following means or what the internet is or whom and Instagram is
Now my producer usually handles all that stuff because I keep forgetting my AOL login
Information if someone could email AOL for me and tell them that wolf is trying to get online
That'd be great. And oh, thanks again
Eleanor De Lorenzo from the internet if you want to write up something for your wolf to how
Tag at pretending pod on the internet if you want to support this show financially in exchange for 29 bonus
Episodes well then go on and go ahead to patreon.com
slash pretending pod this most recent episode on the contention
Confidential feed is called how to be a bad GM
The crew breaks down 10 minutes of audio that was cut from control copy
Because Zach was embarrassed by his countless failures found within this is an episode about learning
about growth and
Mostly about laughing at Zach poor guy just gets torched in this one
Probably has the most laughter of any single episode ever
I actually cried a whole wolfy tear from chortling so god dang hard
But now is not the time for tears in the blues
No doubt it's time for cheers and the news
Last time a paranoid. Dr. Rusty hooch tackled Jerome Dyer to the ground
After some words the two agreed to join forces to wipe all the camera equipment of any evidence out in the van
agent Doreen Maureen
amputated her own foot to avoid an unspeakable
Transformation she bled and bled and almost passed out on the stretcher in the back of the mobile lab while dr
Olivia Miller
Continually failed to find the supplies necessary to aid the situation
Thankfully the Chuckster was there to throw Doreen's remove foot mid
Transformation into the deep freeze rip his shirt off and properly bandage the surely fatal wound
Alright dear listener, I'm taking next week off to get ready for another wild time change
I won't say much else, but here's a quick hint
Y'all best get excited
Now for the last time a brand-new song premiered here on
694.2
PTBP for its coming-out debut. It's an infant of a track
It is indeed this bangers first rodeo for the last time. It's Molly Healy with circles
Oh
I
Was seeing how many times I could do
Ssippis sssippis sssippis sssippis
so Zach and I were talking last night pillow pillow talking pillow talking and
We were we were talking about the podcast and like the funny moments of it
Yeah, he actually like if sometimes if it's like taking too long and I really try to get it done
I just say like I whisper is here
Him laughing in his in his hands right now means that it's kind of true probably
But it was funny because never takes too long because I was like we were talking about the funny jokes
I was like like when I said piss a sippy and then he was I think I said like piss a sippy and he said
Yeah, that was funny when I made that joke and I was like Zach. I made that joke
Like I spelled out
Pissississippi and then you said piss a sippy and I'm like I was like we have to roll back the tape
Almost immediately. She was like, let's go to the tape
Which we didn't but because I thought Eleanor made that I thought it was Eleanor too
She said yeah, she started that she started the joke train talking about pissing in the Mississippi. I just made the word
This is the thing my my role is to serve and then you guys smash
Just like in high school just like in high school you serve somebody else smashes
Volleyball through fifth grade, so I'm really familiar with
Similar to your dick
Sorry, I
Eleanor thank you for apologizing
Well, I hate having this delay because it literally is me saying like similar to your dick and then one two three
And I'm like kill me which is funny cuz now it's gonna be a delay of us making the joke of the delay laughs
Exactly. That's exactly what I do and I want to right now, but it's fine. Oh
We really enjoy this too. Yes
I
Well, that's great though, I think I think you guys I'm curious to hear more about how you how you talk in bed, but
Real question though, but now I forgot about it. Nevermind. All right, we're now out of combat order. Oh my god
Let's start
With a quick recap of where we ended maybe just some like nice shots. I'm not gonna lie
I thought I just solved all the problems. Yeah, like like I thought the game is over like I fixed it
Well, you do have a point that you have to take the Bigfoot corpse to also
I wouldn't leave a boy's corpse or a Bigfoot foot or
Technically two civilians who know that the unnatural exists. Oh, it's just cleanup. It's cleanup. This episode is cleanup
Oh, that'll be so fun for everyone to listen to no
No, but like I think I think what was a really cool thing that that happened because Chuck like dr. Miller
She was fumbling like crazy, but then Chuck steps in Chuck like the most underrated character
Everyone thinks he's a fucking dumbass, right?
Hey
I've gotten like attack emails to me
associated with this monster, but
He stepped up and freaking saved a day and I feel like we have to play that out because dr
Miller, you know, she thought he was like a buffoon. Maybe I'll get a real purple heart now. Yeah
What do you think from who the government giving you shit?
The president it would be so funny if he's like this wasn't hard at all
You know like this this this is your job that you needed an education for, you know, and she's just like, yeah
He just like goes to medical school
Dr. Cheese, okay
Yeah, could I get like an honorary diploma or something to be a doctor they do that that's who are you asking the government
The people with the money, dr. Miller is gonna seriously, dr. Miller is gonna step up and and kneel next to him and
Put a hand on his shoulder to be like that was absolutely amazing Chuck or I shall call you Charles
Yeah, I turned completely red and have a big smile on my face. Are you jealous during look at this attention?
I'm getting from this other woman
He's not a love interest of mine
Yeah, but someone else is scratching behind my whippet ears and I'm liking it don't you
Wait, when you said that the only thing that mattered to you is your whippet. I just assumed that that relationship was
Yeah, it's a whippet
We went there, huh
Play with small town folk
You
Don't do that in Sweden, I don't I don't
It's not a bestiality what's darker than BC we have to do something
Okay, so you're having this moment with
Charles now you've called him. Yeah, but I think also but then I on the target, right?
So she's like we need to clean this up though, and we need to figure out what the hell is going on in there in
The cabin. Hey Doreen. Are you going to be okay here? Yeah, do you need anything? Do you need anything like
But I think I'm gonna I think I'm gonna pull through water medicine
Would be important. I connect my phone to the Bluetooth and play
tick by big homie G
Just cuz I think she might be bored
Poor Dory might be a little bored. It starts playing through the dope surround sound system in the Sprinter van
That's very important for a lab Doreen starts like kind of like dance in just a little bit. Yes as dr
Miller is getting you some some pain medication. Yeah. Oh morphine. Yeah. Hell yeah, right. You feel good
Zack is very familiar with morphine which also makes me a little nervous for the Zack
Yeah, I I like morphine
More
He was very he was very like oh, oh, yeah, you feel great
I'm never okay. You almost piss your pants as the warmth of a taff million thousand tiny angels
Just like rushes through your bloodstream and you feel better than you've ever felt about anything in your entire life
And I just like giggle a little bit. Yeah
You're not sure whether you just pissed your pants, but you don't I don't care
You're like little angel stop tickling me that's what she says I had surgery one time where I had to have morphine
Oh, I'm not like an addict
I fell through a plate glass window and almost died. It's no big deal. Jeez
Yeah, I was there I had to call his parents to let them know they were four hours away and I was literally I lost
a third of my blood before I made it on the operating table in which they then as they pulled out the 18 inch long piece
Of glass that was stuck in my butt
They hit another artery and I had to have a second blood transfusion
Doctor told me I might not be able to ever walk again, but look at me now motherfuckers not walking not walking
Yeah, that was like less than a year into our relationship and I had to help him pee into a bedpan
So anyway, I knew that we it was real love. Yeah, it's either that or traveling together
It's those two things like uh-huh. Yep bedpans and travel. Yes taking up dump or travel
Yeah, I didn't I didn't help him take a dump. I pressed the nurse button for that
Yeah, the nurse got to wipe me and I just remember I was so hopped up on drugs
but I just kept looking at the nurse and being like
Your job is so weird
She's like I know
Yeah, they don't pay nurses enough Allie inside of this cabin, dr
Rusty Hooch and Jerome Dyer finishing up wiping all
traces
electronic or physical of both the corpse and
The corpse so my last move I like opened up the door to look outside, right?
Can I see like commotion going on out there? Yeah, you you can you can see the light coming out shining down onto the
Freshly powdered ground behind the sprinter van as snow is falling
I mean for a second you thought you heard it's the most wonderful time of the year
but then it leans pretty hard into a
file and
rap
music, okay
So at this point cameras are wiped. I
Know there's not much I can do
I
Was just trying to make the situation realistic that's what you've always been doing
Sorry go ahead, okay cameras are wiped but someone needs to do something about the civilians
So I decide I'm gonna go out to the van and try to switch places with Chuck
Because he needs to take care of these bitches Oh agent dire you watch those two. I run out to the van
He literally motions as you run out. He just motions to a sleeping Carl
Like shrugs at the camera like fucking Jim Halpert
Jack Jack I hop out and then I like give a rice smile and I say notice anything different about what?
I noticed that you looked way uglier than last time I saw you
Damn dude, I
Take it in stride and I say girl. I know this is just your
Insecurity is trying to come out for a boy
Cuz you know that you want this duck
Admit it I turn around and I just like hock a loogie onto the ground because that's the most disgusting thing
I've ever slowly melts into the snow who to know you're softening towards me
And then I do like I do the thing we're like you squeeze one peck at a time and they kind of bounce oh
I become straight
Zero percent in straightness. Sorry
Chuck I don't know what the fuck is going on, but we've got two civilians inside
I've destroyed all the evidence but we've got to get rid of them
Can I can you go inside and take care of that and while while I'm talking to her?
I'm looking over and noticing that Doreen is missing a foot
And I pull a foot out of my
What no, I don't think I roll pull foot out of trench coat, nope, sorry have a zero percent and pull for
Oh y'all need a foot
Dr. Miller would like to go back into the cabin as well if Doreen is stable enough during how do you feel?
I think I can hop because I feel so good from the morphine. I think hopping is gonna be very doable
I can hop. All right, I figured it out girl. I put the foot in the deep freeze
Do not touch it unless you want to use or is it in something? It's loose
Okay, cool. You put a loose foot in the deep freeze. Wait, I didn't did did you get in contact with it?
Probably. Yeah
That bad. Dr. Miller is gonna give dr. Hooch a long meaningful look
Did I do that?
Chuck stayed stay right where you are sit on the ground. Don't move a fucking muscle is Chuck still in their hazmat suit
He's hazmat suit. Yeah, I think everybody is well, I ripped my shirt off. Oh, that's right
You must have ripped the hazmat. So you've got he's shirtless and has the hazmat tied around his waist
Great, so he's got the pants of the hazmat. I have the head part on how it's
Detaches, but let it be known when he grabbed the foot and put it in the deep freeze. He had his hazmat suit
Oh, he was wearing gloves. Yeah, we always forget about the hazmat suit
And the hazmat suit. Okay, if you didn't touch it with your bare skin, I'm not worried about it
Okay, it's in the deep freeze if we try to kill it that little alien bugs gonna come out again
So I say we just leave it there forever. I think I've got a fucking get rid of this deep freeze
Isn't there isn't there a delta green
Situation here where we can call upon them or something that to extract you literally have a point like a GPS
Location in each of your phones for a drop-off warehouse where you're going to bring this body
It would be also a great place to bring a foot. Yeah. Yes
It might also be a good place to bring
The civilians you think if you don't want to have to deal with that aspect of it
Although they might get angry at you at the warehouse if you haven't cleaned up everything before you get there. Yeah
Well, I think dr. Miller is gonna I think she's gonna suggest that that's exactly what they do of like cleaning up everything
trying to get the body into a
Secure sort of body bag and then she's gonna try to talk to Carl and Ruth as they wake up
Listen, you've been through a lot
We understand that this must be extremely traumatic. There are help
I mean and she's gonna lie because she doesn't know if there's help
She's got there's help for you waiting and we're gonna be taking care of you
I suggest that you don't tell anyone what you've seen here and what you've done here
But before you talk to your legal counsel, and she knows that there's probably nothing waiting for these people. She's lying
Because that's her job
Yeah, no
I think I think
Honestly, I'm not gonna have you roll cuz with everything that's happened so far and Jerome is is there and he's known these people for
Three years they trust him
They don't know what the fuck is going on. So they're very confused
We could have a quick montage of the cleanup of the site
You grab a body bag from the sprinter van kind of fold the tarp over the pool table over this boy's corpse
And gently lift it with all of its blood and everything dripping
Into this body bag and you can kind of get it in there seal it up and you can take that out
And get it on the stretcher in the back of this this sprinter van
I feel like typically there's a song that plays during a montage and I just want for the for the listeners out there to
Kind of have something in mind. Yeah, what do you think?
It is the only song that's popping up in my head right now is the what I want you
The candle the candle
I think yeah, it feels appropriate. Yeah
As we as we package away the dead child exactly
Dreams come true plays. Well, it's how it's how Doreen marine feels about Chuck now
it's actually only playing in her head the rest of us are like
When it's a montage from her perspective, it's that song playing and for everyone else it's like a fucking funeral dirge
Marina's just like smiling so big the whole time. Everybody's just so distraught and she's just like
Bopping to an invisible tune invisible. Yeah
Okay
Okay, so I can have Jerome I'm Jerome fuck it's been a long day
I can have Carl and in Janus if you guys want to ride with me and then I'll follow you
You said there's a place that we can go. Do you have a
Day of location. How about I ride with you Jerome? And then
Yes, we have the coordinates Chuck will drive the other car
I got it. Doreen is like so happy and she knows she drove on the way here and still has her right foot
Was it my right foot?
It was your left foot. Of course if you drive with your right foot. Yeah. Yeah, and so I like try to fight Chuck on driving
Come on
Well, that wouldn't be my voice
I
Messed with this hair. I immediately can see didn't say, okay
Amazing like I said, I'm going in the other car like tight tight tight. You got this. I trust you
Rusty who'd you letting this happen? I?
Damn
Yeah, I'm gonna let you drive bitch
Cuz I got him I gotta watch the foot
Guys pack up
Everything any evidence you've cleaned up. I need whoever who has the highest forensics
20 40
50 okay, so
You're gonna let the girl and morphine do our forensic check. You would actually have a negative 20 on this much morphine
So it's 30. So who had the 40? Okay. So yeah, and that makes sense. She's been cleaning up
Anyway, that was like her whole situation inside this this this little cabin shack thing lean to a huge lean to with the toilet
Can you can you roll forensics for me?
Just to make sure you don't miss anything
And
Do you want I am 91 you nailed it you wait what you are positive that you cleaned it this side up perfectly
And so you guys are going to head on out
It's a lovely
lovely January night
wind is whipping up the snow into a bit of a frenzy and
It is just biting your noses as you pack up everything into the sprinter van and
into one of the trucks that is on this site Jerome's truck is here and
They're gonna hop into that one. You see a
Older and like lifted and souped up
It says bush on the side of it with a bullet hole for the period after each letter
You're pretty sure that one's Carl's
Yeah, Jerome's just got a nice like f-250 or something like that with four doors. So it's got the extended
I don't know why I'm getting so into these fucking trucks. It doesn't matter you get into the trucks
You get into the truck. Dr. Miller with
Jerome driving and you've got Carl and Janice in the backseat kind of smushed together in the backseat and
And
We're gonna leave this fucking horrible mess of a site
Yeah, it's just memes guys. So
You drive down the long gravel driveway to get out
Jerome hits a like a garage door opener that opens the gate for the sprinter van that's in the lead and
Doreen puts her one good foot to the pedal
And turns onto the road following the GPS coordinates
which is much easier now that Jerome Dyer has
Kind of released the cellular grip that he had on this area. And so you all have full bars again
obviously, dr. Hooch's phone starts blowing up and
Doreen is driving. Is anyone sitting shotgun or the two of you just in the back?
I'm in the back next to the fridge. I'm next to Doreen just cuz I
I'm never gonna say no to her but I do think it's smart to
Check out the road as we go. I think that's really smart
Yes, and so everything seems to be going smoothly
Doreen and the Chuckster are getting along like fucking gangbusters
Like y'all are just like especially in Doreen's loosened lucid lucidity
especially after the release of all of these endorphins that you've just had Doreen it sort of seems like this is a
Party and then I pull out a beer and I'm like, I'm catching up and then I crack it
Cuz I want to be on her level while you're monitoring her driving, that's right
I just remember that she has refrigerated pants and I have unrefrigerated
Mentos in my pockets and I think about how much I like those nice cold Mentos and I asked I
Asked Chuck if he will store my loose Mentos in his refrigerated pockets, please
Yeah, we could do that, but it could probably get a lot pulled a lot faster in the deep freeze
Just a thought Maureen may feel really nice good, but she's not
at that
Sentence the camera pans back through to see dr
Rusty hooch just like staring at this deep freeze and we see this body bag is sitting on the stretcher
Okay, I'm in the back. I'm here Doreen and Chuck being idiots up in the front drinking on the way to the drop-off. I
Immediately realized that I don't trust them. I don't trust that they inspected this foot. So I open up the freezer
The camera pans into the freezer and out through the back of the sprinter van
onto the windshield of the truck driving behind and we see Jerome Dyer and
Dr. Miller having a conversation in the front
Though it is silent for some time. I would assume in this truck before Jerome's finally like
That was weird it always tend to be I'd almost forgotten
It's kind of it's been a nice break, right
Where are you from?
Fort Worth, how did you get in with these people? Like, you know better. I believed Carl
The camera you Jerome reaches for the rearview mirror and adjusts it to see Carl with his head like slung back
Still just knocked out cold because Ali hasn't snapped your fingers yet
I
Just trusted him I believed his story and I knew that they were onto something and I knew that I needed to be here
for when it happened and
Janice is in the backseat. Just like fuck. Are you guys talking about nothing, honey? Nothing you have to worry about
Here have one of these and she picks out
Some sort of pill that will make her probably at least try to cool her nerves
Not as strong as the whatever potion that pooch made but something that to just have her not listening on us and calm down
Okay, so after a bit longer
silence in the car
You look back Janice is like over with her head on
Carl's shoulder
Janice Ruth with the most like deviated septum of all time
And Carl Lambert's king of the loogie
Dr. Miller is gonna continue to talk to Jerome. I mean you weren't that far off
It's just that it never is, you know, it's never it's never religion behind it
It's never you know, one of these stories. It's just stories that people come up with to explain whatever it is, but
The truth is always darker. I found
Yeah, I suppose you wouldn't believe that one day you find out or hear about like a man big fat man
We're dressed in red. You wouldn't assume that it's Santa. It's always, you know some alien or some
Disgusting pedophile or whatever. I know. Okay, maybe not that but are we saying that Santa's
She's gonna be like
It's always worse
Oh
Just looks at you with a confused look and we are gonna have a
Drive check from Doreen marine. Oh at a negative 20
For being hopped up on morphine
92 wait. Yeah 92. Yeah 92
Oh
No
Fucking pigs. Hey, it's good. You're an actual. Okay, wait
It's cool. It's cool. It's cool Doreen. Do you have your FBI agent?
Doreen puts her hand in the back pocket where she usually keeps her firearms and pulls out her wallet and it's filled with loosement
And identification
She grabs a loose mentos and sticks them in Chuck's pocket or in my mouth to make me not talk
Dr. Miller you and Jerome Dyer see this as well and
This cop car is about to make a move
You're on a two-lane country road again these trees
Connecting over the top build the canopy to the moonlight to just kind of like
Hit you every once in a while as you're driving just like
Almost like the lights was you're driving through a tunnel, but it's the moonlight through this tunnel of trees. Oh
Oh
You you are the first to notice and this cop is about to
Pass you on this two-lane road to get in between you and the and the sprinter man
Shit shit shit shit shit shit. Play it cool. Play it cool
We have we have our papers in order, you know the protocol so as Jerome begins to kind of
slow down and pull over onto the side of the road the cop car just continues on past and
Is right behind the sprinter van with its lights on siren going?
Doreen pulls over we're good. We're ready Chuck. Shut the fuck up
Don't say a fucking word as you pull over you see the truck just fucking fly by you as Jerome Dyer continues past
Hey, hey Jerome, what the fuck? Well, you said be cool. I know he wasn't pulling me over. Should I pull over now?
Yeah, okay. Okay. Sorry. Sorry shit. The mission is back there. Like do you think those three dumbass is gonna be able to
So as you're saying that he's like and he pulls over so now the sprinter van is like shining its lights
You see the truck that Jerome Dyer's driving pulled over in the distance ahead of you
Cop is behind you lights on
Sprinter vans pulled over cop gets out of the car as he walks up
Around the back of the sprinter van
he gives it a weird like hand tap on the back like they always do it's like they'd have to touch your car as they
approach it and
He knocks on the window Dorian rolls down the window and she says howdy officer, how's it going tonight on his chest?
It says officer
McGovern
Shout out to Jesse Mowry, Jesse Mowry, Jesse Mowry, Mowry, Mowry, Mowry, Mowry, Jesse Mowry
Jesse Mowry Mowry
Patron who created Steve McGovern who is basically Dale Gribble with a beard Dale Gribble being the Dale
man from King of the Hill
So this is him with a beard and this is Steve McGovern
Thanks, Jesse. Thanks for being a patron at least the $10 level. That's dope. Thanks for making see McGovern
Let's dive into Steven government. He is like
licensing registration
Doreen pulls out her wallet and shows license registration along with her her federal identification and card. Hmm
I'll be right back
And he goes back and sits in the cop car through my mouth of Mentos
I go
And then I give her a high-five y'all we need a plan B. I don't I don't feel right about this
I think we need to play it cool for now, but I I'm also feeling a little a little shaky about it
All right, he opens this back door. I can't promise I won't shoot him in the face. I think that's fair
I think it's fair to I don't know. I don't see another way out of here
after a while
You notice a second
Cop car pulls up behind his
Fuck
I'm actually getting a little anxious. He gets out of the car as
does the
Backup and they talk for a second the guy who is in backup mode goes and gets back in his car
Car stays put
Officer McGovern comes back up to the window. He hands you back your identification. You know anything about
Shotgun being fired woods
No, sorry officer. I don't I don't know anything about that. He shines a light in your eyes
Ma'am, I I know that you're a federal agent. But are you under the influence right now? I don't believe I understand your question, sir. I
Need you to roll law
She's also bleeding from a leg
Yeah, he can't see that yet
Lindsay have you passed a single role?
That's a 51 on a 30 51 on a 30 is not gonna do it ma'am. Will you step out car real quick?
Dorian
Turns and gives a shoots a quick look at rusty huge and
Slowly with a big smile
Opens the door and swings out
That
T-shirt tied nub
And hops down
to the ground
Jesus Christ, what the fuck happened? Did you shoot your foot off? What kind of a stupid-ass question is that?
No, I did not shoot
Here, I'm here looking for people who may have been oh
I don't know firing shotguns in the woods and here you are
Missing a foot I got attacked by a bear in the woods if you need to really know you're rusty
You want to make us a potion?
Okay, can I climb over the middle console and jump in the driver's seat and grab dr. Miller?
You are like turned around looking at this situation and you see dr.
Hooch like climbing over
The
Chuckster in the front seat after Doreen has gotten out
Would I realize that they're planning on killing the cops? I have no idea
I wouldn't have thought they were gonna kill the cop. I don't know
No, I'm not saying I'm I'm not saying I'm killing the cop. I jump in the driver's seat and grab Doreen and drive away
Yeah, she's trying
So we're escaping the cops instead
I don't know if I'm strong enough to do that, but I feel like I could that fucking rules
Let's find out what happens with dice rolling
You you dr. Hooch, yeah as you climb into the driver's seat of the sprinter van
Also, I've forgotten to close the freezer door
My anxiety
I was in a panic clearly. I need either I think athletics
or
strength in order to
Grab and hold on to Doreen as you want to like punch it out of here. Okay, I'll roll on athletics or on strength
Being the person that she's grabbing. Can I also roll to see how I don't know Lindsey. You're a your track record
Okay, you're gonna roll alertness of a negative 20 for being on morphine
But if you know if you can sense what's happening, then you're gonna give her a plus 20 nice
Thing he's crossed
God damn it. She rolled a fucking 97. I
Hate these die. So I'm just rolling on my you're just rolling on athletics or strength. Yeah. Okay, I'm gonna roll on string
Three on a 50 that's good you grab
Doreen marine and you pull her up to where she can at least get one foot on that like step
Part to get up into the sprinter van. Is it her foot or nub? Oh
It would be my foot because it's my right foot is the one I still have nice
Your foot plants on to that as she grabs on to you and you fucking punch it immediately that backup cop just
Sirens blaring again and you see officer Steve McGovern
sprints back to get into his police car and
The game is now afoot. Once again, Jerome Dyer is in the car with dr. Olivia Miller and he's like, what do I do?
What do I do? What do I do? We have to I guess we're driving we have now
Unbelievable drive just drive. All right, or actually
We could block them. We could block the cops give the other team a chance
I love that and the sprinter van drives past you on the road and Jerome just like
Sploosh
Slams on the gas the wheels start turning on this truck as the back end just whips around
grabs hold of the ditch and just
Kind of flings itself up onto right in the middle of this two-lane country road as the cops begin to drive up
he rolled a 26 on his drive against fail on the cop the cop just
Cannot get through on in time and literally just stops in the road
You are looking past Jerome Dyer and
Through the driver's side window. You can see this cop. It's headlights shining directly in on this truck
You have two asleep people in the back and his sirens are going and the other cop is
Driving down into the ditch to get around you. Dr. Miller. What do I do? What do I do? Fuck?
He rolls down the window and he's just like sorry
Sorry, sorry
Drive drive block the other one as well and just fumble like we pretend that we're making a mistake here, you know
like continue, okay, so he's
Fucking 22. Yes. Okay with it
With a 22 he he's like you're brilliant. You're brilliant. I'm an idiot
We're fumbling and he's just like doing that like Austin Powers like reverse for
Reverse for sorry
I'm not used to a stick shift leaning out the side of the window as he just continues to block one
And then the other one starts to go and he blocks that one and then he goes back the other way and he's like, sorry
Sorry. Oh my gosh. I'm so sorry
Perfect. It's perfect
You're right everything up to this point has been really we've been making perfect sense up until now
Oh my god
With a critical success, I'm not gonna have them get like super angry or like too upset there they buy the whole
They're like honest mistake
Well, honestly Jerome Jerome Dyer looks like a nerd and these two Arkansas cops are just like wow
This fucking idiot cannot drive this truck
He honestly doesn't even deserve to be driving that f-250 that thing is a nice machine and I just don't understand how
You know someone like diet
They and with that I'm gonna need one more drive check from
dr. Hooch, so I've pulled Doreen into my lap at this point. Mm-hmm and
Shut the door, so I'm driving with Doreen on my lap as fast as I can
Uh-huh. I like the thing Chuck. Do you want to pull the rain off? I
Mean not like that. Do you want to?
Do you wanna get Maria I would love to get her off. Yeah
Off of the driver dr. Hooch and dr. Hooch as you're driving on these long winding country roads
You're gonna need to make a drive check to get away clean if you can pass a drive
I'm gonna say at a plus 20 because of the extreme effort of
Jerome Dyer and dr. Miller if you can pass
This then you will get away Scott free shit. All right, I'm rolling on a 40
Are you so nervous? Yeah
Damn it 96. This is not a crit
sacletus go
Maybe like we still make it we just run over like a rabbit or something
It's a rabbit someone has to be something has to be sacrificed. Oh, no, no, no, sorry, that's my bad. You make it
Yeah, of course
Excellent, we're we're rabbits. We're any rabbits harmed. No big deal drive. No deal whatsoever. Uh
Yeah, for sure no doubt no doubt no doubt no doubt I eventually Jerome Dyer
After just apologizing his ass off these cops head past you move on and he looks at dr. Miller and he's like
staples
Where are we where we head? Well, hopefully we've given them enough time to get to the coordinates
We should head over there as well. Yeah for sure. Okay. So, um, you did well well done Jerome. Oh, thank you
Thank you. Your team is
Wild. Yeah, have you worked with him before I have not and I never will again
Cut to
No, it's fine you don't have to work with us it's just cut to Christmas
And
Doreen and Chuck and the whippet are all wearing matching Christmas sweaters and zooming with with rusty and dr
Miller and
What song was playing?
white Christmas
Over the radio not yet. So you guys are driving to your drop-off point
It's like I gave it such a nice little bowtie at the end
You're right the sprinter van and the truck with
Jerome and dr. Miller Carl Lambert and Janice Ruth
both arrive
down in this warehouse district in a small town in Arkansas as
a huge warehouse door and the pin that is dropped on each of your clean phones
with cases on them
Allie I actually saw dr. Hooch take hers off and throw it out the window
You guys arrive at roughly the same time and
The pin is inside this one specific warehouse
It's got a normal door next to one of those like enormous like corrugated metal doors that can open up for like
You know a sprinter van to drive through it or something like that
When you guys arrive
the
Large door begins to roll up and inside you just see like bright lights
Shining out so that you can't really see into the darkness inside this warehouse
Sprinter van drives in
red truck drives in
As
The doors close you see a single police car pulling up
There are two men in this warehouse that is
Blocked off to where you can't really see what's going on in the back of the warehouse
There's some makeshift walls up front
Just kind of like dividers and they're the only two people on this side of the dividers. One of them's like ah
Man, Jim, we got cops. You wanna go take care of it
Oh
Okay, yeah, yeah for sure should I go what do you think Santa Claus or Easter Bunny
Guy comes back out like two minutes later as you know, the first guy with the high voice he comes around
He's talking to you guys. She's like, okay, what's the deal? Give me the rundown?
You start talking telling stories like you're trying to be pretty vague
But you have to let him know about this fucking foot inside the freezer
And as you're about to start describing like the actual gritty details of it
the other guy comes out literally in full Santa regalia and
he's putting a silencer on the end of a pistol and
He looks at you guys and he's like
If anybody sees and they tell
What are they gonna fucking believe Santa's out killing cops?
So he heads out the front door with the gun behind his back
Maybe if he's an alien pedophile Santa
Colbeck
Okay, so we're gonna want to get everything
There's a lot of you is this one team or two teams what's going on here? We're one big happy team
Ain't that right? What about the sleeping couple?
What's their deal? Those are civilians civilians that were on the scene
you will need to take care of them to she glances at the silencer and she's like
The perhaps not that way but yeah, I was gonna say did it do they have any evidence?
No, are they like trusted in society is like people with like they have a YouTube following what kind?
Probably like 200 people max. I don't know. Yeah, it's like I think I wrote down. It's a hundred and seventy-nine loyal followers
Well, it's like they say the first hundred followers is toughest one
But she's like I'm sure that
I'm sure that they can be convinced that you know something went down here, but they don't have any evidence and as far as I know
Yeah, if they don't if they don't know where this is and they don't have any evidence no one's gonna believe them
You said it was a fucking
Bigfoot that turned into a boy corpse. So they're gonna be fine. They're gonna go back out in the world
I'll tell you exactly what's gonna happen. They're gonna go back out in the world. They're gonna keep making their YouTube thing
they're gonna be like this guy who helped us was in on the government conspiracy and then anyone who knows anything is gonna be like
I
Was a really good heart sound I think and when she looks at the sleeping Carl
It seems to be his brother
Actually, we could also make an argument that
He killed his own brother
That's cold. Wow, that's a huge age difference between these siblings, right?
Actually, yes, let's not play that one then because his brother disappeared a long time ago
Damn oh shit. I bet he's done. He opens up the warehouse door and Santa Claus drives the cop car
All right, well I've got a clean car for you guys and
Make sure to tell Santa what you want for Christmas on your way out
I think you all did great. Thank you so much for working with me on this
I'm sure I will be seeing you around she says lying and
then
Gets into one of the cars and he talks to Jerome
He's like, could you drop me off and then she says like a nondescript station where she can get out get on like a train
Or bus or something does not give her Facebook name to these people
And sends a text to her daughter expecting to not get a response fucking teenagers I
I
Call my mom bring bring bring bring
Sweetie mommy. Oh my god. How are you? How is everything with bread?
Everything with bread. Yeah, that's who you're going out with right your friend
Right, right, right. I did tell you that and yes bread is good right Brett. Yeah
See that was that was my that was my bro Brett, oh, I'm just so glad that you're hanging out with people
Yeah, isn't that right Brett? Yeah
Yeah, that was Brett. Are you gonna be here for dinner? Will you make the pork chops? I like it's like
It's like 2 in the morning
She's like anything for my sweetie, I we've been waiting
It's in seven kid. Can you make pork chops and cashew chicken and pizza and lasagna? Okay, I'll start working on it
It might be done by dinner tomorrow night. We're gonna start eating if you're not
We'll wait
Thanks mommy
Fuck it's Friday. Oh my god. I gotta pick up build it here. Y'all got any sort of small plane like a diamond da40 here
Actually, yeah, we just had to have one scrubbed not too long. Can you fly? Yeah, I can fly. Okay
Yeah, dope. Can you drop me off at my mom's house? No, I cannot you wouldn't even have to stop
I just had like a parachute Chuck. You gotta take me to the hospital
Hospital do they have lasagna? I'm sure they do. It's probably not your mama's lasagna, but I'm sure they got it tight
I
Love that neither of me or dr. Miller thought to take you to the hospital
I'm just like bleeding
That was
That's the best we can do did you like why would you apologize?
Did you like did you hey hey listen, did you fucking like
Hey
Did you like that you weirdo you were you
Hey, just a reminder if you're out there and it's dark don't look in the window because there's a face looking at you. All right
any thoughts
Fun fun
That was the most fun so fun ever had I feel like the four of us played together. Well, hell yeah. Yeah
Yeah, Ellie, thank you so much for coming on and guesting on the show so much fun the first time Delta Green
Which is really cool. What a fucked up world. I can't believe yeah, how did you how'd you feel about it?
Did make you happy? No, it's it's a great system though
I must say that like it's probably one of the most like the system really makes sense. It's easy to get into I
Really enjoyed it. It's a lot of fun and I love that
It's like the action economy is really cool as well like with just one one
You know you do one thing and it's just like alright next up. It's it's really cool. I like it a lot
Yeah, I love Delta Green for getting new people into role-playing because that you don't need to know anything
Really too much, you know, if your handler is willing to walk you through some stuff
You can get new people into role-playing really easily, which is fun, which is super fun. So
Ellie
Do you want to throw out some plugs? Mm-hmm. I mean we're gonna have
Links to your stuff in the show notes, so Lost Mountain saga and your Twitter
I actually have quite a few things. I want to plug your but
First time I was on the show bitch every time I'm a plugger you plug things
No, I think I want to plug you guys pretending to be people great show great time you guys
Doing God's work. Honestly, all Christians should be listening to this show. I let Jesus Christ come inside me a long time ago
I want to hear like second podcast. I want to hear all about that stuff
We'll run a yeah a religious trauma role-playing group
And bring on people who grew up a theist and just like explain how weird our job
For
Real though like seriously, thank you so much for coming on. It was an absolute pleasure
as someone who who's a big fan of you and
For those of you listening to me right now go check out le shit on the internet. Okay. Bye
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Carl Lambert and Janice Ruth were dropped off back at Bush HQ where their trucks were parked when they went inside
Carl found a thumb drive in the pocket of a jacket. He had worn sometime before
Dr. Ann Falsom arrived
Oh
Officer Steve McGovern was reported missing sometime near the end of that shift
His GPS location was tracked to the warehouse district
Inside an empty warehouse
Sat an elegantly wrapped present in red and green gold
And after a special unit opened the gift they received just about the worst thing
could ever get a
lack of closure
However
earlier in his shift
Officer McGovern called for backup and then failed to get into a high-speed pursuit and
After he called in the plates of this fan. He had tried to pull over
He called back to get it on the record that the chase involved a sprinter van
driven by an intoxicated FBI agent named
Doreen
Oh
Oh
Oh
For Christmas, I would like some Mentos whip it Christmas is where it's at. Let me tell you we'd be Christmas
