It's your Dimension Super Heavyweight Champion, Wolf the Dog.
And I'm here to do some big punches live from 694.2 PTBP.
Prepare your skulls to be pummeled by my beautiful voice and maybe my nasty fists.
If you start acting up, that is.
Now, I ain't pulling no punches here with this week's Howlin' with Wolf.
It's from AtAlchemistBBQ on Twitter.
They write,
Hey PTBP crew, thank you for inspiring me to run my own Delta Green game.
Whether dealing with aliens, time travel, yeetin' babies, or stealing microwaves,
there's not been a dull moment while handling the bastard's crew.
I look forward to the next arc post-contention for more inspiration.
Just sure hope that all these games aren't secretly a summonin' ritual,
allowin' the tendrils of the crawlin' chaos to manifest in our world.
What are the odds of that?
What the fuck is a yeet?
Thanks for writin', AlchemicalBBQ pitmaster.
I still don't know what you people all mean by these games that people are runnin'.
I only report on what is happenin' in real life.
The great IRL.
Now, if you wanna write up something for your heavyweight champion Wolf to Hal,
please send your messages as a five-star review on Apple Podcasts.
And I'll read it here on 694.2 PTBP,
the newest and only radio station wherever I happen to be next.
And speaking of next, here's an announcement.
Whoa, this here is the finale of Control Copy.
So strap in for safety, my restrained pups, and hold on tight.
We're gonna take a week off.
If all goes as planned, we'll be back on Friday, January 28th,
with the kickoff of a brand new short story.
I'm sure you have questions.
Will it be Delta Green?
Yes.
Will it be written and handled by Zack?
Yes, again.
Will it have an entirely new set of players?
Whoa, yes, yes.
Allie, Lindsey, and Taylor will be back,
returning after their acclaimed run in the woods of contention.
And they will be joined by a secret special guest.
And if you can guess who it is,
I'll say your internet name live on air.
All right, that's enough news.
It's time for the news.
Just now, a corpse washed up on 34th Street Beach in Ocean City.
The body is horribly disfigured and the eye sockets are empty.
The skin has mostly sloughed off,
but witnesses at the scene say the corpse has a long,
knotted scar up the right side of its face.
Hmm, who else have I heard of recently
that had a scar like that?
Oh, that's right.
It was Arvin Chilton's landlord, Alexander Duchesne.
But if this waterlogged carcass is Duchesne,
then who or what is in Duchesne's apartment?
Now, for the last and most on-the-nose time,
give it up for Brian Bulger with Bad in a Good Way.
Feels like I'm on the last bend of the deep end
But the drowning's been just fine
And when my ears pop and the shell shock
Of this pit stop frees my mind
I'll be all right, I can go there
Now that I stare, death in the face
I'll be all right, I can go there
Now that I stare, death in the face
What's up, everybody?
Oh, that was pretty good.
Do you want to give it a...
What's up, everybody?
Do you guys want to give it a quick go of like,
it's Zach, I'm Zach?
Do you want to?
It's Zach, I'm Zach.
Oh, it's Zach, oh, I'm Zach.
Oh, no.
That's what it sounds like to me every time.
Oh, no.
God, God.
Well, how close was I?
You were over.
By how much?
Like four seconds.
Were you rushing?
Were you rushing?
Or were you dragging?
I was dragging.
Dragging these nuts across your face.
God damn it.
At the end of the last episode,
you all made an alertness check.
Two of you passed and the last thing you heard was rain.
But what a wild up.
I mean, so much happened.
Oh, my gosh.
Really the most we've ever...
The most land covered?
So much distance covered.
So much plot covered.
If you guys were on Find My iPhone
and you were tracking each and every one of you,
I'm not sure much would have changed
during the last episode.
Oh, no.
Yeah, I couldn't pinpoint it.
It's not going to pinpoint that closely.
We went above.
We went upstairs.
Yeah, we could be in the exact same dot location,
just one story above.
Find My iPhone can't tell you that.
Maybe it can.
I've never used it in like a tall building.
We don't have many of those around here.
We really don't.
We're from Springfield, Missouri
if you're listening to this
and you haven't heard us before.
It doesn't matter, tall building or not.
I've never used it on a second floor.
Okay, so I recently used it on a second floor
to find Taylor's phone.
Did it say it's on the second floor?
Nope.
There you go.
How many stories is the Hammond's Tower?
16?
Yeah, 69.
1669.
That's where I grew up.
Go there.
Doc Zach in the past.
Go there right now.
Past docs.
Oh, I do have to actually delete that probably.
Because people will go there.
It probably could be used for an interview.
It could be used as like an old address number.
Or they could go murder the people that bought that house.
Right.
All right, let's bail, bail, bail, bail.
And it's raining.
So we passed alertness rules,
but all we heard was rain.
I know.
And I'm going to tell you, I met a game tier.
Yeah.
You said, was the highest 114?
And I said, yeah.
Which means it was an opposed roll.
Oh, interesting.
I wonder who we were opposing.
We're doing a fair amount of meta gaming here
at the end of this scenario.
So we know this thing can create some kind of false reality
or even shield.
It prevents things around it from sensing it, right?
Because it killed that gas station attendant.
In full view of that witness who thought they heard something,
like it looks like they almost hear something,
but then they just turn around, like walk away.
So yeah, good meta gaming Joe.
I hadn't put that together.
Roll sanity, Luke.
Just for Luke.
I fail.
Luke's eyes just got so big.
Yeah, he hit a breaking point.
Put them back in your eye.
I'm obsessed with vaping now.
And being a little stinker.
What a horrible mania to take.
Well, he's a little stinker.
All right, let's dive in and let's cover ground.
We'll see.
GPS wise.
What about Nikomania?
And I'm addicted to nicotine and the Velvet Underground.
Boom.
Great one.
If it was called Nikotine.
As you guys have been reading through the phone of Arvin
Chilton, you have found this phone number that was called
twice. Once the day after the McCarty murders and once the
day of the Quentin Harris murder, but previous to that gas
station attendant being murdered and you hear rain outside.
Okay, I look out the window.
Is it raining?
Yes.
Hey Sparrow, do you want to call this number?
I don't think I should do the talking.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
Just feels like we should be running downstairs, but at least
check the bathroom that we did see the dirt trail didn't go
to it.
I have to pee Elwood.
Oh Jesus.
Do you ask me permission to pee?
Joe, Joe, what happened for the story?
Somebody needs to check the bathroom.
I got a pee.
Is it really bad?
Number one, number one bad.
Scale of one to ten.
So you can't hold it.
He's hopping around and it's like making the whole house.
Oh, you look like you're about to pop.
Get in there.
Go.
I go to the bathroom.
There's nothing abnormal in the bathroom.
Ought one.
I get it right in the toilet.
You wasted an ought one on pissing.
Yeah, incredible piss.
He feels he feels like a spring in his step.
Maybe like he's got an extra awareness or something about
it. Plus twenty to any role that you would like during this
episode because of how well I just pissed incredible.
I wash my hands, but you have to tell me before you roll that
you want to use your plus twenty.
I wash my hands and slowly walk out of the bathroom.
So yeah, did you want to call this number or are we just
going to leave it be?
Yeah, she was about to but then she heard like what was
obviously the clearest like most perfect piss hitting the
center of a toilet.
It dazed you.
Yeah, this is an Andre giant.
So it's like it's kind of like a getting a fire hose like
stream in there.
Maybe I would assume I picked up my dice tray and I showed
it to Joe.
I saw that you want me to share what it was or you want to
keep it. So I didn't share what I rolled.
It was a 69 or we don't know.
Well, so every time so yeah, I think I kind of know.
Yeah, so agent Sparrow calls that number bring bring bring
bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring bring
bring bring bring it rings until you think it's the last
possible second before it's going to go to voicemail.
She hangs up.
Totally kidding Arvin you goddamn son of a bitch.
What the fuck did you do?
What did you do?
Hello.
This is not Arvin.
My name is Clarissa Sparrow.
What did Arvin do to you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Someone who's trying to help.
How do you have this phone?
Arvin dropped it.
We don't know where he is.
We're worried for him.
Worried for him?
Be worried for the death wake that he left behind you.
Be worried for my fucking brother.
Okay.
Yeah.
So that's kind of I didn't know if you were really on his
side or not.
Seems like not right.
Yeah, so you're not neither are we we're not worried for him.
We're trying to stop him.
He killed my brother.
He killed Quentin.
That was the gas station attendant.
Yeah, interesting.
He called you two days before your brother died.
How do you know Arvin?
My brother knew Arvin back in 01.
You know him from the Steel Hill home.
The Steel Hill home.
Yeah, it was this fucked up fucking cult that my brother
got stuck in.
They trapped him there.
It tricked him told him the world was different than what
it is and he fucked with them.
It changed him different how he wasn't able to focus on
anything.
He was not able to be inside.
He was different.
Sorry, not your brother.
How did they say the world was different?
No, I don't listen to the endless nonsense that came out
of his me and Arvin close after that.
I didn't even know that Arvin was a part of it until he
called me.
What did you talk about when he called you?
I didn't even know him.
I didn't even know his name.
He's just sound like an old friend who would lost touch
and I just mean to told him where Quentin was.
Yeah, cuz he lied to you.
Yeah, he told you he was somebody else.
What did he say to you the next time he called what did
he say I'm gonna kill she did he say anything like oh,
I'm gonna kill him.
Oh, that's a fail on the sanity check from hearing even
a mimicry of the sound that you heard from Arvin Chilton
that horrible day the worst day of this man's life.
And he weeps and weeps and you hear him set down the phone
and then you hear him kind of walk away and he's just crying.
Okay, so I hang up I dial again.
Sir, hello.
You're gonna fucking laugh at me when you meet for me for
gay. No, I swear to God.
I'm not laughing.
I'm trying very hard not to laugh at your me me me's.
He lost his sanity check, so he's not going to be much use
anymore. Okay.
What was the name of that cult Steel Hill home?
All right, let's go check on Mr.
Duchesne.
My God is actually just keep rolling for these cops to be
brutalized.
I think he did the cops kick his ass.
Whoo doggy.
Yeah, the scenario is wrapped up now.
They took care of it outside for us.
Well, they were they really wanted to bully somebody some
more like they got it.
They really got it into them with Kevin and they're like
this old man is going to be easy to pick on.
Let's just beat the shit out of him.
I also like the picturing like cop cars and bodies flying
by the windows outside.
We're like it's raining.
It's raining tentacle laps against the window.
It's really coming down.
Yeah.
Wow.
We're going downstairs.
Aren't we?
Yep.
All right marching order, please Kevin go down first.
All righty for the first time Clarissa is kind of behind
Kevin to like she's seen Elwood do so many times we can share
him. I'll be at the very back.
Yeah now like you're actively crouching behind her to now
and like your hand is occasionally on her shoulder like
pushing her into a more like wow, this guy's Weasley.
I go down the stairs are the cops still outside as you're
going down the stairs.
You see no police officers outside.
Whereas before you would have seen six police officers outside
and how many were inside there were two inside other cars
gone their cars are not gone.
No, I didn't expect it would be those mean.
Cops are going to be inside.
I open the door.
Go ahead and roll sanity all of us.
Yeah 97 I fail.
I crit succeed.
Oh, wow.
The only one who's going to lose zero sanity here probably
85 on a now 80.
Failing failing crit succeed.
So at the Chris exceed Elwood Boyd, he's fucking free.
There's like something in him that just represses all of
this sanity loss down to absolutely nothing.
Whereas the the other the other two of you.
How much?
Who's tensing today?
Hi, that's my breaking point for sure.
Elwood what's wrong with you?
I mean seemingly a lot because the Duchesne home is an
abattoir a slaughterhouse and the smell of spilled blood
and flesh both rotting and fresh penetrates your nostrils
like an unwelcome houseguest as you all notice there's been
a distinct vibe switch in this withering old man's apartment.
It's as if a merciful veil has been cruelly lifted and the
reality of your situation begins to sink in as you stare
into the face of Arvin Chilton the target of your mission
and you know deep down in the sickening turmoil that's brewing
in your guts that you never spoke to Alexander Duchesne
at all. Arvin Chilton looks like his photograph but a version
that has been completely lost to madness his hair darts
in every direction akimbo like his eyes any visible skin
is covered in scratches and dried blood and the often mended
clothes that wrapped around the short stout landlord now
hang awkwardly from his tenants tall gaunt frame the whole
confusing and unnatural switcheroo situation is topped by
the same old pork pie cat dawned by what had appeared to
be Alexander Duchesne, but Arvin Chilton isn't the only
horribly unfamiliar thing in this room.
The walls are now or always were painted in human blood
dirty hands spread and shaped the gore like gruesome finger
paint into the symbol of the testament of new flesh displayed
man seen on the side of the Ocean City Cafe human body parts
are strewn throughout this place a loose tongue here a sole
foot there a length of dripping intestines is draped over
a stained lampshade and in some cases you recognize instances
where your eyes must have lied before the ashtray on the
coffee table is now a Glock 17 wet with vital fluids the
two mops are now Mossberg shotguns where there were once
five baseballs placed randomly around there are now four
M67 grenades and the food that's still sitting out my fucking
God dude.
He stole that straight from David Winters.
What is it?
What is it?
How did you eat the next time?
We had an opportunity at the very next time.
How did you fall for that?
Guess what the olives are eyeballs eyeballs and guess what
the thin cuts of meat were penises flesh human flesh and
slices and there's a mound of chewed up human flesh.
Oh my God.
So I need another sanity check point from both Elwood Boyd
fail again and Kevin gelato for having eaten eyes and flesh
that one's a fail.
You're gonna lose three more sanity each of you and you are
overcome with uncontrollable vomiting for a number of turns
equal to the loss three turns.
So for three full turns the only action you can take is yacking.
Oh and one more change in the scene dressing the copy of as
you like it that's sitting on the table as I lay dying.
It was just a book.
It's a title changed.
That was all seems to be a diary of some sort some sort of
leather-bound diary is the leather made out of humans.
I feel like that seems obvious.
So no, it's just a diary.
The horse meat diary.
Yeah, not not horse leather.
No horse meat diary rotting flesh and finally at the feet
of Arvin Chilton in a pool of their own blood are seven bodies
each with their throat slit all uniformed police officers
because I fuck you not he out rolled all eight.
Police officers.
So I don't doubt that but and then he rolled a 69.
Yeah, but what so he's in front of seven bodies and the
eighth one.
He has this cop by the back of the neck and this cop is staring
at the three of you with eyes that make you think maybe he's
not looking at you even though his eyes are pointed in that
direction and as Arvin, let's go of this body you see he's
been holding this long knife that has a weird Bend on the
end of it this crooked knife and this cop just slides off
the end of it and face plants into the ground in front of
you speaking of eyes.
How are the bodies looking?
Are they are they eyeful or eyeless so far only two of them
are our eyeless cool that weird knife.
He's got that look like an eye shucking knife.
So let's work in dexterity order.
I believe Elwood Boyd is up first Elwood.
Where do you throw up?
Just inside just inside the door.
I think that's we've lost the sanity because we've peaked
in so I'm at least that far inside Kevin gelato normally
when someone loses over five sanity in one go we would have
you roll fight flight or faint.
However due to what is written in the scenario it says that
for the next three rounds you are vomiting and so therefore
I'm going to use that as your fight flight or faint response
if that's cool with you, that's fine.
Where are you violently throwing it?
I had just stepped right inside the door since I was the
first you were the first one in and I step right inside see
it all and within seconds just like Jersey burger is coming
out of Kevin and the munchy platter whatever that was called
projectile vomits everywhere and as that's happening the
camera zooms like into his head and Kevin is standing in
the middle of a giant Stadium hot bright lights shining
down on him the crowd is roaring Kevin is staring across
the field giving a menacing look to Tom Brady Tom has a
nervous look on his face and sweat is pouring off his forehead
hike Kevin rushes through the defensive line and smashes
into Brady Brady's head comes clean off his body is the
crowd chance man yet man yet Kevin reaches down and grabs
Tom Brady's head and holds it up in the air proudly displaying
his bloody trophy money begins falling out of the sky
as the camera zooms out 40 million dollars for two years.
That's crazy, bro.
Yeah, I know but I would can't come with me and it makes
him it makes us sad.
So I don't think I'm going to do it Kev.
Are you serious?
That's insane.
Elwood walks in.
We were just talking about Kevin's future football career
Elwood sound thinking about that bullshit minion.
You're better off here with me.
We can do big things together together together and then
the camera zooms out to Kevin puking in this living room.
Hey Luke, you get 10 luck points for the rest of the scenario.
Hell, yeah, basically these are going to be one-to-one for
changing any role that you want to make for the rest of your
time and I get on you already had plus 20.
Oh and you have a plus 20 to a roll.
Badass.
Agent Sparrow's eyes meet the eyes of Arvin Chilton and they
are absolutely crazed standing above eight slumped uniformed
ocean shitty PD officers.
Hey, man, only people from Ocean Shitty can say that.
As the person playing everyone in Ocean City right now.
I'm allowed to say it.
He's holding a grenade in his hand and the pin has been pulled
and his thumb is covering the clip.
Roll a five fighter vane.
One, two, three, fight, four, five, freeze, and six, flight.
What'd you roll, Thomas?
I rolled a one.
Oh hell yeah, dude.
Get that fight going, baby.
Agent Sparrow, her eyes are darting around at this whole
situation is she's trying to balance her FBI agent mind, her
Delta Green agent mind, her student body president agent
mind. It all builds to just, I've got to destroy this.
Yeah, and she picks up one of the grenades.
Yeah, pulls the pin on her own.
Oh, yeah, and just tosses it like right towards him and the
bucket of dynamite.
Oh my God, what?
Wow.
Oh my God, okay.
Joe doesn't know, sticks of dynamite and a grenade all mixed
together would take out a block, wouldn't it?
So in Delta Green, there is a 15% lethality rating for M67
grenades within 10 meters.
What about dynamite?
Which is easily within this and then within dynamite is going
to have a 10% lethality rating within 20 meters.
And how many sticks are there?
There were 19 sticks of dynamite in this bucket.
It is absolutely going to compound and Agent Sparrow has chosen
to end this threat.
Which is the fucking Delta Green thing to do!
I told you I fucking knew how to play Delta Green.
Please roll athletics to throw this grenade in an accurate
way. How big is this room?
Dude, it's tiny.
You really don't even have to pass this check for everyone
to die.
15 on a 30.
It lands right in the bucket of dynamite.
It lands right in the fucking bucket.
You really based on the lethality of 19 sticks of dynamite
as well as these two grenades and the other grenades in this
room, which is three more.
We're all going to die.
Yes, before that happens.
She takes one last look around at Kevin and Elwood and she's
like, man, if we'd gotten three or four more episodes with
these characters, I might have really cracked something in
that dynamic and help Kevin realize his own potential.
That thought manifests as just like a small glint in her
eye before the entire room is a ball of light and flame.
Elwood as he's puking puts his hand on Kevin's back.
Kevin is still throwing up, but he sees the grenade get
launched in there.
He grabs Elwood and just lays like on top of him to try to
prevent Elwood from getting exploded.
Maybe the only thing and Andre the Giant from the blast.
Okay, let's take a top over.
Early Grand Theft Auto.
Look at this scene.
This two-story duplex fucking explodes.
All four cop cars immediately just boom over on their sides.
All the cars on the street are
step away from the car.
I mean, yeah, every window for a couple blocks.
Every dog is barking.
Twitter is blowing up.
Did you guys hear that noise?
And yeah, everyone is just a sonic boom.
So here's what we're going to do.
I'm going to have Luke roll the last roll of the scenario.
Don't roll yet, please.
You've got a plus 20 on this roll plus 20 plus 10.
I'm going to add and you've got a plus 10 due to the luck.
And what role do you think would satisfy the requirement
of covering the body of Elwood Boyd enough to shelter him
from this absolute blast?
Just pure will and strength.
Strength or athletics a thing, right?
Let's see.
Like are your constitutes your sheer size?
Yeah, like your con.
I could do con.
All right, let's roll con.
91 on a 95.
Oh, so wait, we gave you a roll.
You could not fail.
I rescind my scream for something more dramatic.
Is there anything you have at a 70?
Well, everything else is at 80.
So it would have been just automatic.
So that at least gave a little leeway and I saw the nine
I was like fuck 91 sirens smoke is fading from the scene
red and blue lights cover everything.
Red-eyed night shift EMTs begin uncovering 107 East 12th
Street Ocean City, New Jersey as they're picking through
the rubble they see movement a heaving spine.
As Kevin breathes his last breaths his lungs are like popping
out of his back and Elwood Boyd pushes his giant bodyguards
body off the top of him.
We got a live one.
Somebody get the ambulance over here everybody.
We need a stretcher.
We need a stretcher now.
Kevin's goggled eyes are staring right into Elwood's eyes.
What is going through Elwood Boyd's mind as he looks through
the goggles on the corpse of Kevin gelato?
Oh, oh Kevin.
Well, I'm going to need a new one.
Oh, Jesus.
Death in the face.
I'll be all right.
I can go there now.
Loves their death in the face.
Doesn't it always seem like the parts and made us laugh
now make us cry.
Doesn't it always seem like the villain Paul in the strings
is a regular guy.
You and me have gone bad in a good way I promise.
Kerosene wipes clean what we couldn't bear to tarnish.
I'll be all right.
I can go there now.
I'll be all right.
I can go there now.
There's a conundrum in the wisdom of my spirit.
White washed hymns and the deadly sins push me to my limit.
When you deconstruct, you shit out of luck for a minute.
After the last bend, you can break it all down to rebuild it.
You and me have gone bad in a good way I promise.
You and me have gone bad in a good way I promise.
You and me have gone bad in a good way I promise.
You and me have gone bad in a good way I promise.
You and me have gone bad in a good way I promise.
He's trying to eat another grinder.
Without a key, please.
You and me have gone bad in a good way I promise.
Clasp your fist over all the blood.
Water leaks through your fingers.
You're standing in a swirling flood.
And only darkness leaves.
Falling fast into a deep abyss.
Till it sets you out again.
Find your feet on your broken bones.
You're out for the edge again.
You and me have gone bad in a good way I promise.
You and me have gone bad in a good way I promise.
You and me have gone bad in a good way I promise.
You and me have gone bad in a good way.
I promise.
You and me have gone bad in a good way.
I promise.
