Howdy my cowpups, it's your radio sheriff, Wolf the dog, and I'm wrangling up all of
contention's juicy news from 694.2 PTBP.
First up, a word with some friends on howlin' with Wolf.
Your wolf brother Lord Morty wants to give a shoutout to all his dogs over at the discord
server for the good friends of Jackson Elias.
If you pups aren't part of the pack already, it's a place where you can yip, yap, wolf,
or whimper about Call of Cthulhu, horror films, or horror gaming in general.
Just dig out your doggy device, download the discord app, and search for the good friends
of Jackson Elias.
Keep those claws sharp and those canines sharper, see you wolf pups around.
Now while this is a note from the producer, the good friends of Jackson Elias have been
an integral part of this keeper's horror and roleplay education, if you're willing
to lose some sanity along the way.
And Scott Dorward, one of the good friends, was even kind enough to reply to this producer's
reddit post regarding running his outstanding scenario, Hell in Texas, found in Stygian
Fox's reality-breaking book, The Things We Leave Behind.
If y'all want your best friend Wolf to read something you got to say, leave us a sweet
five star review or tag us in a social media thing, y'all know the drill.
And now we got a little news on the wire.
Last I heard, Officer Vigna and the two other idiots busted into the deceased child's
room at Hotel Motel, guns drawn, and sans warrant.
There they found a woman dressed similarly to her favorite TV character, the Fonz.
But let me tell y'all, these were not happy days as she whipped a knife out at Officer
Vigna after these so-called peacekeepers pulled the guns out.
Guns are scary, y'all.
The party had Greece and Professor Trelawney pinned down until the brilliant Keith Vigna
engaged her in hand-to-hand combat, resulting in a hostage situation for the copper.
Vigna, an officer of the law, proceeded to brag about killing a coworker.
But I heard the sweet-talkin' officer bishop managed to keep her from killin' him there
on the spot.
And now when that old wired lady made a run for it over the railin' and ran into the
parking lot, all three of those officers unloaded their weapons from the second floor corridor,
bringin' her down before she could get into her vehicle.
The officers patched her up and sent her to the city hospital with Lauren, the only
decent officer left in contention.
The scene was so dramatic for everyone stayin' at Hotel Motel, owners say they will likely
have to shut down soon due to the negative reviews on Yelp.
The officers are plannin' a sting operation to catch Billy Harrison, the stranger runnin'
about contention in an official police uniform.
What?
Wait a minute.
Well, if we only get to listen to one song before some bald dude dressed as a cock comes
and we all get got, let it be kudzu with no backbone.
Hey Drew!
Okay, so after about 15 minutes, a black SUV rolls up and parks a block away from the donut
hole.
A very short, young woman and a very tall, old man get out and they are both wearing
a black suit, white shirt, black tie, black sunglasses, and an ill-fitting windbreaker
that says FBI in big letters across the back.
Clark, as you sip on your coffee, you hear the door behind you swing open.
The door chimes jingle and jangle and you hear footsteps.
Out of the corner of your eye, you see a short, young woman walk across the shop to the counter.
The other footsteps approach you from behind.
Wait, uh, John has his radio on him, but do you?
No.
You're all in plainclothes and I think at this point you were texting information.
Okay, so I'm gonna text both of them, hey, it's not Billy, but it's two, what looked
like two FBI agents just walked in.
Send.
Could you sext me that instead?
Hey baby.
Some female body inspectors just walked in.
Clark, do you want to make any moves?
One was approaching me.
There are footsteps that approach you from behind.
Someone is clearly like standing behind you.
I think you had your newspaper up.
Yeah, are they like standing behind me?
Yep.
Okay.
I turn around and look up at them.
It's this, uh, older dude.
He's quite tall and he's pretty gruff looking and he just stares back down at you and his
eyes are empty.
Can I, can I help you?
He stares.
I slowly turn back around and refocus on the newspaper.
As you're focused on the newspaper, you still hear this guy breathing behind you and the
woman at the counter, she orders something from the guy behind the counter there.
What's his name?
Right?
The donut hole.
Yeah.
His name is Duncan.
Duncan Hole.
Mr. Mr. Hole, Mr. Duncan Hole.
Yo, Mr. H.
He, uh, pours her a coffee and she walks and sits at the booth with Clark Bishop across
from you.
And she says, okay, John, where's the bag?
Are you talking to me?
Yeah.
I'm not, I'm not John.
Are you looking for John?
Are you not John?
I'm not John.
Uh, well, you're wearing a hoodie and uh, you know, we just thought that you were John.
No, I'm not John.
Do you know John?
Uh, John what?
John Peters.
Hmm.
I've heard that name before.
Huh.
The man behind you, he puts a hand on your shoulder.
I pet it.
She says, we need you to direct us to John Peters.
I don't, I don't know where John Peters is.
Who are you?
Uh, my name's Clark.
Clark what?
Clark Bishop.
Clark Bishop.
What do you do?
Uh, I actually happen to be a officer here in this town.
Oh, of course.
Yes.
Of course.
You're officer Bishop.
Oh, that's right.
Um, where's John Peters then?
You should know.
No, uh, man, we don't know.
Do you have anything for us?
I mean, if you hadn't walked in here, we might have had something.
Me and my, uh, my fellow officers, this is kind of a, we're curious about John too.
We're working on it though.
I'll tell you what, more specifically than John Peters, we're looking for a bag.
What kind of bag?
It's a black Nike bag.
It was in a storage unit here in contention and we're looking for it.
Huh.
Uh, what would be in the bag?
Nothing.
Well, we'll keep an eye out for it.
That's for dang sure.
Okay, well.
Hey, off character, off conversation, did we find that in the storage locker?
Yeah.
What was in it?
The cocaine or is it literally a bag of nothing?
There's literally a Nike bag.
Oh shit.
Is that in the-
Is there something horrifying in it?
Did we open it?
I think Clark opened it and he's asked what was inside and I told him there's nothing
in there.
I want to look in the Nike bag.
There's nothing in there.
Is there anything in the leather backpack?
Is it at the prison?
At the jail?
Yeah, it's, it's like in the police department, locked up in one of the cells with all the
other stuff.
Is there a reason you're looking for an empty bag?
You know, I think that's above your pay grade.
Oh, is it?
Oh, definitely.
I mean, he's just a missing person at this point, right?
We're not looking for him necessarily, but we thought that he could take us to the bag.
John Peters had the keys for those storage units.
We went by those storage units.
They're empty.
Hmm.
How about that?
Can I, can I hear this on the, in the bathroom?
Yeee, roll.
Yes, roll.
Uh, alertness.
Uh, 87.
I forgot to take my headphones out.
What are you listening to?
Like a conspiracy theory podcast?
Yeah.
Natch.
Niberia.
I'm just failing to understand how a guy from my town missing an empty bag is above
my pay grade.
Yeah.
I'm trying to help.
Okay.
Well, if you don't know any more information, then you can't be of any help, can you?
I guess, I guess not.
How about if I find that bag, I'll give you guys a call.
We would certainly appreciate it.
But since we're here talking to an officer of the law, I think you might be able to help
us out with some information about some things that are happening in this town.
You see, we know about the body in the junkyard and we know about the chopped up body in the
plastic trunk with the woman's head that was split open.
We're also pretty sure that you killed a man named Charles earlier this evening.
And I believe you also shot a woman at hotel motel earlier tonight.
So I think maybe officer Bishop, you're not in much of a place to say what should be done
next.
Oh boy.
In character.
No, for real.
For real.
Just like, uh-uh.
No, no you.
You didn't, how'd you hear about that?
That head in a bucket thing, what's that about?
Well, you sent off some stuff to county, didn't you?
We talked to them and they won't be talking anymore.
County won't be talking?
We didn't kill them.
No, we just, there are certain things that need to be kept away from the knowledge of
the people.
That's one of them.
Clark, Bishop, they told you about the difference between the age of the inside and the age
of the outside of the corpse from the junkyard, did they not?
Yeah, about that lab fuckup?
Yeah, they told me about that.
That's a big oopsie on their part.
Yeah, they're clearly not very good at their jobs.
Now I'll ask you one more time, officer Bishop.
Do you know anything about this black Nike bag that we look for?
Because we're not leaving this town until we find it?
Agent, uh...
Kennedy, this is my partner, Agent McKinley.
And you kind of look over and he nods at you, he looks down, he nods.
He's still holding your shoulder.
What does this guy look like?
I'm imagining like a-
Old dude with empty eyes and like a tanned leather skin.
Oh, I seem like a John Malkovich, but...
Well, the woman that's talking is really young and really short and she's just kind of like
bright eyed, bushy tail, weird voice.
Like a squirrel.
Yeah, she's very similar to a squirrel.
Like a Scottish squirrel or Canadian, whatever she, whatever accent she's got.
A Scottish Canadian girl?
Where the fuck is she from?
Ireland?
Shit, you haven't talked about that yet.
Yeah, Agent Kennedy, Agent McKinley.
I do know some stuff that's been going on around here that's honestly, it's just real
weird.
The reason I wasn't totally forthcoming with you is I don't know exactly what the hell's
going on.
And we've been playing it tight to the chest so far because boy, we might be in a little
over our heads at this point.
At this point I am texting, what are they asking?
What do they know?
You get that text.
And she says, are we keeping you from something more important?
I mean, we had a sting set up for tonight.
That's kind of what this all was.
That's why I'm not wearing my uniform right now.
Oh, this was a sting operation you say?
Yeah.
You walked in with the FBI thing on your jacket, which kind of fucked all that up.
Well, we were also looking for John Peters and we were also listening, so I guess we've
been stung.
I guess we stung you on that one, didn't we?
I guess the plan kind of worked.
I suppose in a way.
Who are you looking for?
What bee were you hoping to grab the end of?
Earlier this evening, one of my associates was injured in a little incident at the hospital
up there and a guy we had in custody kind of got the better of him, took his uniform.
And so we were trying to catch him.
We were trying to get him back here.
So there is a civilian running about in a contention police officer's clothes.
Listen, I told you we were in over our heads.
I'm not proud of everything that's happened tonight.
You guys really seem to have the top on this whole situation, don't you?
I mean, we had a sting set up.
We were on it.
Well, sorry.
That's okay.
Ding.
Oh boy.
Give me a hit of that vape while we're at it.
You guys want to hear that annoying sound?
Yeah.
It's hard to talk and not cough with this in your mouth.
I had a dollar every time your mom said that.
How many dollars would you have?
So Joe is a little bit at a loss, but I think it's because Clark would be at a little bit
of a loss.
I don't know where I stand with these guys at fucking all because I think we're past
the point of like lying to them.
Well, we're past the point of like our characters being like trying to be good policemen.
You have committed, we've all committed like super felonies, but I think that also is why
Clark is in like a, Oh, cause he's like wants to help out, but he's like, uh, I will go
to jail for sure.
He was a good cop 24 hours ago, whatever it was.
It should have been me cause I would have had no problem lying to him.
I would just have a problem lying to him.
It's like 1am on December 4th, the morning of December 4th now.
And this all started the evening of December 1st so it really hasn't been very much time
at all.
Yeah.
What do they expect from us?
What are we, the FBI?
Are you, uh, you folks, uh, you guys in town for a while?
Officer Bishop, we're in town for as long as we need to be good.
How about we all go home, get a good night's sleep and I'll share with you all we've got
so far tomorrow at the station.
Don't persuade because they would rather go to the station right now.
What the fuck dude?
Yes.
I don't know what to do.
That's that's that's a set that I don't ever use.
That's the third set that you've rolled a not one with in this game.
Stop apologizing.
Your hands are touched by God.
I just feel bad narratively.
Like I'm winning every time.
Just tell them that we're all losing willpower right now and we need to take it.
Mechanically it would be better for all of us if we met in the morning.
She looks at agent McKinley and looks back at you and she says, fair enough.
What time shall we meet in the morning?
How about a 10 o'clock?
We'll see you bright and early at 10 o'clock and agent McKinley and agent Kennedy walk
out of the donut hole.
Which one was Kennedy?
Kennedy was the female woman from agent Kennedy was the short one, the young woman from the
agent McKinley was the, uh, the tall old man.
Oh, sure.
Where do you think she was born?
What abouts?
God.
Who knows?
Guys?
I got, I thought of this one, you know, all the, like the black goo we've been seeing.
It's CPD oil, like contention, police department.
That's not a very good one.
There's not a whole lot there.
And edit point and cut.
I think.
Yeah.
That's let's in an episode right there.
CPD oil, and then we'll end it before the punchline and pick up next week with oil real
quick and then it'll be 10 am, but not that, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no snacks.
As soon as those two leave, I'm furiously texting those guys or you guys furiously.
What do you say?
Oh shit.
The FBI is here.
They talked to me.
We got to get together.
Come to the car.
I send back.
And I do.
And so I walk out of the bathroom and nobody's left in the restaurant and I mean, I'm coming
to the car, but I'm still a little like, wow, I could have waited for him.
You guys hop in the car.
So the FBI is here and they seem to know a lot, in fact, maybe more than we do about
all this crazy shit that's been happening.
What do they know?
They know about the storage units and a lot of the crazy shit.
Do they know that we have the stuff in the storage units?
I wasn't forthright with that, but by the end of it, it seems like they pretty much
know that we do.
Okay.
Wow.
Okay.
So we should get back to the PD and...
So they're going to come by tomorrow morning at 10 and I told them we cooperate.
We need to stash that stuff, yeah, but we're keeping that cool shit, right?
Or do we cooperate with them?
No.
We cooperate, but they don't know we did it.
We took cocaine and didn't report it to anybody and tons of illegal weapons, but they knew
that we killed Charles.
They knew...
Yeah, but all the murders, I mean, all the things we had to do, we had to do on official
police business.
Of course.
And we would explain that to them.
I'm just saying that they're aware of us potentially being off the deep end.
Yeah, well, maybe we send them off the deep end and get the whole FBI after.
Wow.
I think we got your head in the wrong place about this whole murder thing.
So how do you think they know that we have all the...
They mentioned that head in the tub.
Did they know what else was in the unit?
Did they mention that?
Yeah.
They're looking for a black Nike bag.
So they didn't mention cocaine or machine guns or sniper rifles?
So they know that the storage units were cleared out and they knew that John was supposed to
have the keys to them.
Okay, we found the Nike bag in the hotel room.
Yeah, let's give them the Nike bag.
And we didn't think, you know, until you knew who they were, we weren't going to just give
it over.
You know what I mean?
We can say, I've got the Nike bag and then let's stash all the rest of the stuff somewhere
else.
Cause I'm not looking to go to jail for...
Or at John...
We found it somewhere.
Maybe we went and poked around John Peter's house again and there it was.
Who knows?
I'm just saying...
Let's lie.
I'm saying let's lie.
Cause I don't want to go to jail.
Give up all that cocaine.
Yeah.
But where can we put it?
Back in the storage units?
The last place they'll look.
Real fuck with them.
Do you think we should cooperate with them on the bag?
Cause that's of no use to us right now.
It's just an empty bag.
I want to look at that bag now.
Let's go back to the PD and figure out what we're going to do from there.
Also, have they left yet?
Yes.
Okay, let's all go back to the police department and...
It's right across the street.
We can see it.
Okay, let's go.
We're back.
An odd thing awaits you when you walk into the police department.
Not Drew.
Drew is not at the police department.
Well, we need to change that because somebody's going to have to move all this stuff.
It's late.
It's not going to be us.
When's the last time you didn't see Drew when you were here?
What do we see?
There is just a note on Drew's desk and it says, went to the chief's house, we'll be
back.
Is it Drew's handwriting?
Yep.
Is there time or anything on it?
Nope.
Okay.
And as you guys walk in, Dr. Marie Jacobs stirs from her cell in the back and she's
like, hey Marie, doctor, shouldn't you be asleep right now?
Shouldn't you be officer-ing?
We are.
We happen to be officer-ing.
This is our office to officer at.
Shh, you'll wake him.
And Salem is like asleep on her, on her lap.
It's your shrill ass who's going to wake him.
He doesn't wake up to my voice.
It's just stranger's voices.
The way the police department is set up, can you see into the cells and stuff as soon as
you walk in?
No, but you could hear voices echoing in such a way that like you can definitely tell it's
hitting bags of cocaine and weapons and they would just have to take a quick look around
to find all that shit.
Right.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
It would be five steps into the back room and you'd be like, Oh, there's a lot of stuff
back here.
Yeah.
Okay.
We don't want that to happen.
I'm imagining that each cell is individually barred from the front.
However, they are separated in an opaque fashion from cell to cell.
How long would it take us to put up some, uh, like a false wall, dry wall, just thinking
some dry wall around.
We move it all into the last cell and put up a fake wall.
Fuck this guys.
Let's just text Drew.
Let's call Drew.
Okay.
Yeah.
Hey, this is a Drew Andrews.
Give a message after the beep.
Thank you.
Bye.
Click.
I don't leave fucking voicemails.
It's a text message in world.
Uh, he wasn't around.
Okay.
What do you think?
I think priority number one is get our goodies somewhere else.
Where do we put them all?
At your house.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, you live the farthest out of town, don't you?
Okay.
Let's put them at your house.
We could do that.
We could nimby it up.
I'll just take a little bit of home.
I live at a motel right now.
And there's a scene of the crime a few doors down for me.
Maybe not.
Maybe not in my room.
You guys could split it up.
Like maybe John Lee Pettymore could take all the guns.
Clark could take all the cocaine or just switch those, swap those right around.
Yeah.
That sounds good to me.
That all does sound good to me.
It's just that realistically that's a, we have, there's so much shit in those storage
lockers.
Like we just kind of montage this.
I've already got the cocaine.
I'll see you later.
We probably still have the U-Haul, right?
Yeah.
The police U-Haul.
You've got some sort of police U-Haul.
Box trucks.
Can we just montage that real quick?
It is 1am when this started.
So it's at least 1.30 now.
Maybe two.
So I'm going to have you guys all lose another willpower point if you're going to keep going.
What's everybody at?
Seven.
Nine.
I'm at nine.
So how long is this going to take us to do?
Two hours.
So it's 3.30 once we get back to the police department.
Yeah, you'll lose two more willpower points.
I'm definitely, I may not.
We can regain them by sleeping and stuff, right?
Yeah, I'm not heading back to the police department.
A full night's sleep gives you 1D6 willpower.
Okay, so let's, we'll take it to the respective places and meet back up.
How about we meet back up at like an hour before they get here?
I mean, yeah, eight o'clock, whatever.
Yeah, let's get here at eight.
That way we have a couple hours to talk about what the hell we're going to do.
Okay guys, we're going to get to work on time and then...
Plan.
Plot.
I think we're plotting.
This is fine.
Yeah.
Okay, so real quick, if we're going to montage through these, let's go ahead and get a quick
rundown of where everything is going.
Oh shit, wait, at some point in the two hours, we would definitely realize that we should
check up on Drew at the chief's house, especially since he doesn't call us back.
If you guys are taking this stuff to your house, I can go to the chief's house.
I think it would be a really good idea for Keith to split off by himself.
I mean, especially, okay, yeah, I call him one more time.
Same thing.
Okay, I guess I'm going to go to the chief's house while you guys get all this back to
your houses.
Good night, Keith.
Good luck, man.
Oh, I don't need it.
I mean, you haven't used any luck so far, so real quick, Clark and John, who is taking
what to your respective homes?
I mean, there is a shitload of shit in there.
I want to take all of the important documents we found and I'll take some of the guns or
all the guns either way.
You take some of the guns, I'll take some of the guns.
We wouldn't want a man like you wanted up, caught with all that cocaine.
You know, the Pennymores, I can just say it was left on the property, you know what I
mean?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Thanks for doing that for me, John.
No worries, man.
I got your back, brother.
I don't want to get penalized for forgetting what all-
Absolutely.
You won't be.
We'll take everything, yeah.
How about that?
We'll take everything unless there's something that you would think that we should talk about
who gets.
Yeah.
What are the other important things?
How about this?
John takes half the guns and all the cocaine.
You take the other half of guns and everything else.
The question is what's in everything else?
Is the cursed turtle we found going to explode or something that we forgot about?
The cursed turtle will explode, which will be an issue for you specifically as a character.
Also how about I take the empty bag, throw it in the trunk of my cruiser.
That way I can be like, you can act like you had no idea about it.
That's a really good idea.
You know what, relying on your incompetence as an alibi is the least incompetent idea
you've ever had.
Thank you so much, guys.
But real fast, I want to take a look at it here right now.
Yeah, let's look at the bag.
You guys go in the back and you find a black Nike bag.
It's a drawstring bag like you would take to the gym.
It has a Nike swish on it and it says Nike on it.
Nothing inside.
Nick.
There's nothing inside.
Is there anything in the office that I can run over?
I'm sure we do.
I'm sure we have a wand of some kind.
Yeah.
There's so much metal.
I pointed Breathalyzer at it.
In the bag.
There's a metal in the bag.
If you swipe it over the top of it, there's a lot of metal in the bag.
What does that mean to us though?
So when I look into it though, it's empty?
Yeah, it's black.
It's empty.
And it feels just like a regular empty drawstring bag.
Spitball in here.
Maybe you can catch the goo with it.
Maybe.
We can talk about it more in the morning.
I cast ritual detect magic.
Go ahead and roll a d20 and add your spellcasting modifier.
Alrighty.
Nat 20.
Whoa.
You needed a 40.
We all watch Clark do that.
Just, hey buddy, I think you need to get, I think you should get some sleep.
Go ahead and roll a sanity test for me as you pass the wand over the top of the bag.
That's a 94 on a 42.
Okay, you just lose one and you know something's up.
Something's up with this bag.
What's up with that?
Yo, so should we?
Yeah, what's up with that?
Should we keep it or should we hand it over?
That's kind of what I'm getting at is that maybe if we hand it over, they'll tell us
what it is.
I like that idea.
We haven't really gotten any help from anybody else yet.
Yeah, they seem like they know.
Also maybe they'll leave us alone if.
Or just take this off our plates.
Like maybe they're right.
Maybe this is above our pay grade.
And then we can move to the city and ban silk cocaine.
That's a dumb idea.
Nobody would do that.
I mean, that's, yeah, that's kind of what I'm getting at is, I mean, if they are a helpful
source and maybe, yeah, that they solve some shit for us.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, let's do it.
We've made awful decisions up to this point.
So.
Oh, I have made awful decisions.
Keith, you're right.
We've all made pretty awful choices and yeah, if we can like present this as a token of
our good will to these people, throw them a bone.
Maybe they take this whole fucking mess off our shoulders.
I like it.
Well, I'll put it in the trunk tomorrow when they're here, I'll, I'll come in and be like,
Hey, did, do you know who's this is?
Somebody left it or how should I present it?
You could say you found it at John's house.
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh yeah.
I found this at John's house.
I just, it's just been in my cruiser.
It's been in the back of my trunk for a couple of days.
So I'm going to head off to Maggie's house.
Sounds good.
And the other two of you are going and taking the stuff to your respective homes.
All right.
If I could have the two of you leave this room now.
Keith Vigna, you pull up to the chief's house.
I'm trying to think of when I had you lose another, go ahead and lose another willpower
point for me.
Okay.
So you're at six.
Yeah.
You pull up.
It is a nice old brick house in the style of ranch.
There's one door in the front.
There's like a big window in front of the patio that is out front.
It's one story.
Pretty nice place.
But the chief's cruiser is actually parked in the driveway, which as you know, it hasn't
been since she left on the night of December 1st.
You also see Drew's car there.
Oh yeah.
I was going to ask, what does Drew drive?
Just a car?
Yeah.
What does Drew drive?
Since he works all the time, he probably has quite a bit of money, so probably a mini Cooper.
Yes.
Yes.
That is precisely correct.
He drives a very clean mini Cooper and it is red with a black stripe.
Yep.
Dope.
So that is out front as well.
What would you like to do?
I don't want to pull into the driveway.
I want to pull like off to the side of the road in front of the house and go up and knock
on the door.
As you knock on the door, the door swings open.
It wasn't closed completely.
And as it opens, it stops short.
Like it can't open fully with you just pushing at it.
You kind of look around the corner and you see there are two unconscious men on the ground.
Are the lights on?
The lights are not on, but these two unconscious men, one of them is Drew Andrews and it smells
like poop.
If I flip the switch, do the lights come on?
Yes.
When you do flip the switch, you see that in the living room, which is just adjacent
to the foyer, Chief Maggie Cook's body in full uniform leans slumped against the wall
on the other side of the room.
A large chef's knife rests in her left hand.
Her face has been stabbed repeatedly and her left foot is missing.
Blood was clearly flowing rapidly from there.
And as you push your way further into the room, it smells like gasoline and natural
gas in here.
Go ahead and roll sanity for me.
Forty on a forty.
Ooh, congratulations.
Sweet.
You only lose one upon seeing this because of your success?
What do you want to do?
If I look at that other body, is it Maggie Cook's dad or can I identify the other male
body?
The other male body is an odd looking little man with round glasses on a fat face with
no hair and no chin.
Is he alive or dead?
They're both alive.
Okay.
Two pockets for an ID.
Yeah, you rifle through his pants and you find a wallet with an ID for a Harold Dorsey.
Okay, I immediately go to the kitchen and shut the burners off.
As you walk into the kitchen, you see an unkempt man at the table hunched over with a fork
in one hand and a pistol in the other.
A bullet hole in his head has left him face down in a plate of meat.
His left foot is also missing.
It smells like natural gas, like crazy in here, as well as gasoline, which makes sense
because there are gas cans sitting all over the place and gas has clearly been poured
on everything.
The range has a skillet on it with the leftovers of two feet that have had the meat pulled
from them.
All four burners are turned all the way up and as you go to turn the burners off, I need
you to roll sanity for what you just saw.
87 on a 39.
So go ahead and roll a, we're gonna do a D6 plus two.
That's four plus two is six.
Nice, so you lose six sanity, which puts you down at 33.
Puts you down at 33.
The breaking point of 30, correct, rapidly approaching.
And as you do that- Do I successfully turn the burners off?
So you're trying, but because of what you just saw, maybe you have a different reaction?
So in the course of walking in here, I've lost seven sanity.
Is that right?
Yep.
So you're losing your fucking mind.
Yeah.
I'm going to say like, I probably am going to throw up and then I'm, what do you think?
You throw up all over the kitchen floor and as you do, you fall to your hands and knees
and your left hand, your left hand hits a wire and you know immediately what you've
done because you hear a click off to the side of the room at the front door, the entrance.
You see a trap has clearly been set and you just fell right into it.
A fire starts right at the front door and there's clearly a gasoline lead path that
is leading, going to lead the fire back to this back room filled with natural gas.
What do you do?
I'm on my hands and knees.
Yep.
I look up, I'm looking at the stove.
Yep.
There's a fire extinguisher there, right?
Yeah.
And then I grab it, stand up and start fire extinguishing at the flames while I'm running
out the door.
Okay.
So the flames are leading from the door into the kitchen with all the gas and stuff.
I'm going to take the fire extinguisher, run out of the kitchen, aim it at the closest
part of the fire to me and try to do that all along and then get out of there cause
I don't want to fucking blow up.
Yeah.
That sounds good.
So you're interested in role firefighting for me.
I'm just kidding.
Uh, do you have a skill that would help you in this endeavor?
Do you think I've got a 60 decks, 50 athletics.
Let's do an average of your dexterity and intelligence.
Quick little average of those 55.
Yeah.
So roll against that 55 71.
Okay.
Awesome.
And he's a different, I grabbed some new dice.
Try Joe's.
His seemed to be working really well.
Well, I already rolled that.
Yeah, no, you fucked that up.
So you grab the fire extinguisher and slip on your own vomit as you, as you get up and
are trying to wildly spray this, this fire extinguisher at the fire and then get out
of there.
So as you are running out, you have to jump over the two unconscious men.
So as you are jumping over them to leave this house that is going to explode, what do you
do?
I grabbed Drew and try to pull him out with me.
Full strength for me.
That's a 34 on a 55.
That is a success.
Yay.
Finally.
Uh, do you want to narrate it?
I slip on my vomit.
So now I'm covered in my vomit and probably some blood from that guy's foot.
I get up, I'm spraying the fire extinguisher all over in that room and on the trail of
gasoline.
I jump over and I'm spraying the fire and I realized who I just jumped over.
I look at both the unconscious guys on the ground, realize I don't know who that other
guy is, but I know that this is Drew and as much shit as we give Drew, we need him.
And I put my arms underneath his armpits and just pull as hard as I can until I get out
of the front door and I trip back over myself off the front porch and kind of fling Drew
and fall on my back.
As the house turns into dust, just fucking explodes, bad boys 2 mansion style.
You guys go flying into the yard and smoke immediately starts billowing and you can hear
the ringing of your ears underscored by the wood that was once the chief's house.
As I look at that, after the explosion it kind of knocked me back and knocked me out
and I've just, I'm out for a little while.
Yeah, probably, yeah.
I want to like come to in, you know, half an hour.
Okay.
Sounds good for the sake of the story.
As Keith closes his eyes, laying back on the front lawn, you're suddenly standing in your
childhood home.
It's your birthday and your friends are standing around this table waiting for you to blow
out the candles on your cake.
You look up and you see your parents in the corner talking to your little brother.
You squeeze your eyes tightly as you blow out your candles and as you do, you see that
black shiny viscous sludge.
Inside this muck are two thrashing bodies.
Their hands reach out trying to escape this thing that has trapped them, but the struggle
does not last long.
Their limbs seem to fold into this ooze, becoming one with the sentient mass of goop that is
now sliding across the ground toward you, opening your eyes.
You see all of your peers around your childhood kitchen table laughing at you.
The candles are still lit.
You look up and your parents are poorly attempting to hold back laughter.
You look at the cake and it is gone.
You have a plate that is clean and you look around and see everyone else is eating a piece
of cake.
They are all laughing and begin to chant while pointing at you.
Beans, beans, Keith, beans, his only friends are figurines.
Beans, beans, Keith, beans, we'll blow your friends to smithereens.
And maybe I'll edit that so that there's multiple voices.
Yeah, you should.
Your parents look at you disgusted and turn and walk out of the room.
You run to follow them, but looking ahead, you only see that woman dressed in old-timey
clothing.
Sitting down, you fall into a black hole in the ground and you're standing in a cold,
dark room.
The lights begin to flicker on and you see massive tanks the size of grain silos standing
right before you is yourself.
You walk up to you.
The face of the other you begins to age rapidly and then just as rapidly ages in reverse.
You walk up to one of the massive tanks in this massive, dank, dimly lit room.
You press your face against it to see its contents and something creeps toward you.
And as it is about to come into focus, you wake up to the sound of sirens, their firefighters
running all around and it is a scene in the front yard of Chief Maggie Cook's home.
Did you pass a roll with those dice?
I passed a roll with those dice and all my other ones were with those and I did not pass
the rolls with those.
So I decided that these are going to be the ones I use for now.
Okay, so Clark and John, you are a fair amount into unloading the stuff into your homes.
I need you to both lose a willpower point for me.
God damn it, Luke.
As you are just about finished unloading, you still not finished either one of you,
you both receive word that the Chief's home has exploded and is on fire.
Your presence has been requested at the location.
Clark is just too sleepy and he goes to bed.
I'm kidding, I go.
Well, that was good, that was like, John was just going to ignore it.
John is going to...
You are welcome to do whatever you would like to do.
He's going to take a little pinky of that nose candy.
Get a little boost.
And then go to sleep.
And then go out.
Gotta tuck the baby in.
So I understand that improves my willpower?
Yes, you get a plus one to willpower.
That worth it.
You took a baby, you took a baby rip.
Okay, he takes a bigger one.
Okay, you get two willpower points back.
On top of the one I already had?
No.
Okay, then he does another one.
Okay, you've got three willpower points back.
All right, I'm feeling good.
You're at 11 out of 12 willpower.
I feel almost perfect.
You are riding high.
Does anybody just want to get on the radio and just chat, just talk?
Just rap.
Just rap.
As you arrive at the scene of the situation, the home of Chief Maggie Cook is mostly embers
and there are multiple fire trucks and ambulances out in front of the home.
The chief's cruiser is parked in the driveway of the home, as is Drew Andrews' red with
a black stripe Mini Cooper is in front of the home, as is Keith's cruiser.
When you walk up to the scene, you see Keith is sitting in the back of one of the ambulances
with a blanket around him and Drew is in a different ambulance in the back of it with
a blanket wrapped around him.
He's got a little cup of hot cocoa.
Guys, what's going on?
What happened here?
Yeah, I go walk on up to Keith.
Their feet were missing.
Their feet and the burners, they ate the feet.
They ate their feet and Maggie.
Did you see Maggie?
They stabbed her and cut her foot off.
They stabbed her in the face and cut her foot off and they ate it.
Who did that, Keith?
I don't know.
Is she alive?
No.
Her and the other two died.
Who are the other two?
The guy with the fork and the guy I have.
I slap Keith a couple times.
I pull an ID out of my pocket and I hand it to John.
That was the unconscious guy and then I don't know who the other two.
The ID is for a Harold Dorsey.
He's an odd looking little man with round glasses on a fat face with no hair and no
chin.
Hey, can we reload a quick save and instead of doing any of that sting shit, go check
on the chief's house?
Say about like 1 a.m.
Go talk to Drew.
I need to sit, lay down.
Okay.
I go walk on over to Drew.
Hey, Drew.
Hey, Clark.
Can you tell me what happened here tonight?
Um, chief is dead.
Chief is, chief is dead.
Keith saved my life.
And he just breaks down and starts crying in a pretty funny whimper.
I put a hand on his shoulder.
All right, Drew.
All right.
That's okay.
Sounds like you had a rough night.
Can you tell me how Maggie died?
Her face was stabbed.
There was blood all over her face and her foot was gone and I just threw up and passed
out immediately.
I couldn't do anything to stop that.
Drew, it's not your fault, man.
How'd you know to come out here?
Harold Dorsey came and said that he needed to go see her, that she said to be there.
So I wanted to go with him because you told me to look for her.
Hey man, you did a great job.
I found her, but she's dead.
Sure.
Sometimes that happens in life.
The thing you're looking for is just dead when you find it.
Who's Harold Dorsey?
Is he okay?
Did he make it out?
You know, I haven't, I'm going to go check on him for you real quick, but, but who, can
you tell us who he is first of all?
How do you know him?
He works for the newspaper in the city.
He's a reporter?
He's a reporter.
I know you're real emotional, but you're sounding more bratty than sad.
She came to the department and he said that I was supposed to let him borrow the keys
to her house, but I didn't think that was very safe.
And I didn't want him to see the Jacob's cat man thing.
So I just went with him.
Did he see any of the stuff we took out of that storage locker?
No.
Storage lockers?
No.
Okay.
Did you see who stabbed her in the face?
No, she was dead when we got there and we both just, neither one of us could take it.
We both passed out and what, what room of the house was she in?
She was in the living room that was right there in the front.
We, we must've gone unconscious as soon as we saw the blood and it smelled like gas.
I can't believe we didn't die.
Yeah.
How did you get out of there?
You said Keith saved you.
What, what happened?
They said Keith pulled when they got here.
I was on top of Keith in the front yard.
I think he pulled me out as the house exploded.
Was the house on fire when you got here?
No, but it smelled like gas.
Someone started the fire with you two inside.
Yeah.
Did you see any other vehicles or tracks on your way up here?
No.
Okay.
At this point I, I'm kind of coming to and I look over and I see that Drew has some hot
cocoa.
So I look at my EMT guys.
I'm like, Hey guys, can I have some hot cocoa please?
Oh yeah, sir.
I can get you some hot cocoa.
Thanks.
And then he unzips his pants.
That's a, it's like a soft server.
I thought you were a surfer from your voice, but oh, it all stays in now.
Okay.
I don't know about dicks.
I don't know what porn I look at based on the dick and the porn.
I don't.
I categorize it by the drapes.
No drapes or drapes.
Okay.
What kind of porn do you have?
Oh, I've got no drape porn and drape porn.
I do.
How can you have enough drowning out all the notes?
Cause nobody knows.
Nobody knows.
Yeah.
