What's up my babies, it's your grease daddy Wolf the Dog, and I'm here absorbing all
the oil from all the deep fryers here in contention.
The grease used here in the past is much better than the grease used in the present and the
future.
So light a match and watch me explode baby, it's 694.2 PTBP and I'm here to ignite
your passion for local news and other happenings from the past.
Speaking of happenings, we got ourselves a new Howlin' with Wolf.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf comes from At Crafty Under Dash Creep, who tagged at
Pretending Pod in an Instagram post.
They write, I would love to howl at my love bug Alec.
Thanks for turning me on to the best podcast and being the best partner ever.
Well crafty creep, I don't got much intimidating to say to you and your loved one.
It brings some joy to my small grease filled heart to hear about y'all.
I wish someone would howl at me in a loving manner.
Maybe one day, maybe someday, maybe someday.
Remember, if you want to write up something for your wolf to howl, tag at Pretending Pod
on Instagram or Twitter, tag Pretending to be People on Facebook, or write a 5 star review
on iTunes and email us at pretendingpod at gmail.com.
Of course, you can also support the show financially over on patreon.com slash pretending pod.
Become an honorary police officer for $5 a month and instantly access five exclusive
bonus episodes.
You don't want to miss out on this sweet support of content y'all, y'all best trust now.
And y'all know I need that extra five bucks a month.
You might not know, but Wolf has kids to feed.
How else am I going to fatten them up before I feast upon them?
The news is meant to be a time to remind our listeners of the past.
So you might not have to send your minds on such a difficult journey when remembering
all the nonsense that has gone on so far.
Now, if I pick and pull what I remember from my time in current day contention, it might
spoil some of the sweet niblets that are being served up in this story.
This fresh, fresh story.
We may be in the past, but I've seen the future and I know the best possible present
is Moondance by Blue False Indigo.
She runs, she runs, she runs, ooh.
The sun, the sun, the sun is leaving soon.
She knows, she knows, she knows that the time has come to dance beneath the, dance
beneath the shadow of the moon.
So Joe, I'm going to game four of the, uh, was it NLDS?
Uh, yeah, uh, shit.
Is it DS and NCS?
Yeah, I think it is.
Uh, going to game four, uh, which is in St. Louis.
Fuck yeah, dude.
Holy shit.
Yeah, I'm super, super stoked.
My dad is turning 60 on that day and so my brother and I are taking him to that game
for his birthday.
Lucky.
Yeah, it's going to be dope.
That's super dope.
Somebody I know was doing one of the Atlanta games.
Oh, I'd love to go back to Atlanta.
I've only been once and it was when I was like 17, 18 years old and I was there with
my brother and my dad and a bunch of church people for a Christian conference and we,
this was at the end of my tenure in the church and during the candlelight vigil, the silent
candlelight thing, my brother and I skipped out on it to get extremely drunk at the hotel.
Like you do.
We, uh, there was a college basketball game on and we bought a really cheap bottle of
bourbon and we played a game where we each chose a team and then every time the team
scored, you had to do a shot.
A score?
Yeah.
What?
I was 17.
He was 21 and we were children in monsters and we got so drunk.
That was the night he died of alcohol poisoning.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Rip.
Um, we're taking his corpse to game four.
Pretty cool.
My ghost brother to buy us tickets.
Uh, so we, we get really drunk and then we change into our swimming trunks.
You got into like four shots in and then it was like, oh, nevermind.
Uh, yeah.
We even made a thing where it was like, and on turnovers and dunks you take two shots
cause we're idiots and thankfully I don't drink like that anymore, but we're very drunk
in our swimsuits in downtown Atlanta and the pool was closed.
So we went to the weight room and maxed out on bench.
This is standard stuff.
Yeah.
And then we went outside for me to go smoke a cigarette right after doing that because
again, I was a monster and uh, and so we're outside and this dude comes up to us and he's
like, Hey, Hey, you guys have any money?
And we were like, no, no, not at all.
But uh, and like we pull out this bourbon from our bag, we brought it with us outside
and we're like, you want to get drunk with us?
His name was Orestes.
Orestes.
Yeah, he's, he's, he was so funny.
And then we, uh, we talked with him for a long time before we decided we'd walk around
downtown, but we walked directly into the candlelight vigil that was happening from.
Oh my God.
The thing you were supposed to be at.
The thing we were supposed to be at.
That's great.
Just drunkenly in our swimsuits, just like drunkenly wandering through this crowd of
and hoping desperately not to run into our dad who's hopefully not listening to this
podcast.
All right.
Ken Krinklehoff.
That's me.
How do you spell Krinklehoff, Joe?
Oh boy.
It's a C R I N K L E H O F F.
Cool.
That works for me.
Yeah.
The professor's name is, he, he spells it a little different.
P H.
Sure.
You are heading to the woods in your mom's minivan.
She's driving you there because Ken, I just don't understand why you have to, why you
have to continue to do this, this yearly trip out into the woods.
Ken is in the front seat with his feet up on the dashboard and he's, he's very bored
looking out the window, maybe fiddling with a finger, mom, I mean, it's just hanging out
with some friends.
That's, that's all it is.
That's all it's ever been.
It's just hanging out.
Don't you think you're too old for this?
Going out and looking for ghosts or whatever the heck it is you all do?
To be honest with you, mom, kinda, I'm, I'm, there's a chance this is the last time you're
driving me.
That's all I'm saying.
Well, I'm certainly not going to let you drive to one of these little excursions.
Mom, Ash has a car.
I can, I can ride with him.
It'd be easier for all of us.
Well, you know, I do like Ash, but I just, I just don't trust that Pettymore boy.
Well, maybe you just haven't gotten to know him.
I think I've known him over the many years that he's been coming over to our house and
just causing all sorts of wreck and havoc all over the place.
I mean, it's just, it's just not who you're going to be.
All right.
Yeah, you're right.
You're right.
You were born for more than this.
That's, that's true.
I, I'm not, I'm not like them these days.
That's, that's, yeah.
She reluctantly turns onto the little gravel road that says, has got a sign next to it
that says the contention woods.
And as she pulls onto the gravel, she's going to roll a drive check.
Nice.
And as she pulls onto the gravel, a little baby Fox jumps right out into the road.
It's trying to sprint.
It seems like its leg might be broken and it tries to cross the road in front of you.
And her reaction time is Nada.
She doesn't even see it.
Mom, mom, mom, mom.
And she just crushes.
You feel this, mom, you just hit that wildlife ain't, ain't for nothing but game and sorrow.
That's cold shit.
Mom, you're going to have to learn one day that the world is cold shit.
I don't like you using that word.
And you guys pull into the parking lot, it's a gravel parking lot, and there are a few
cars there.
You do see two cars that one of which has a boot on it and the other has a piece of
paper taped up to the driver's side window.
You also see the 91 Firebird that Ash drives and then near the little shack, the little
Rangers shack right at the trailhead entrance.
Right next to that is an old Ford Bronco with a lift kit on it.
Sure.
Does it have signage?
No, it's unmarked.
Gotcha.
But the plates are state level.
Gotcha.
Immediately your mom is like, well, at least, you know, there's some sort of authority presence
here.
They'll be watching over y'all.
Are you scared of stuff that could happen to me or are you scared of me doing stuff?
Both.
You don't have to worry, mom.
Didn't you read that op-ed in the newspaper?
The Contention Chronicle says that we've got multiple people that are out here in the woods
they're missing.
You know?
So I just don't, I know that, you know, Officer Cox is working hard trying to keep everything
in line.
I trust our town's authority figures, just as everyone should, can.
You should trust your authority figures, currently me, but I do trust you.
It's just, I don't trust the influence that these boys are having on you.
Mom, you know me, you know, you know what you and dad have instilled in me.
There's no way that anything's going to happen tonight that you wouldn't be proud of.
Chris is a great man and I just want you, Ken, to grow up and be even better than he
is.
I mean, he is the number one used car salesman in contention.
He tells me all the time, I know.
If he wouldn't have snapped his knee, you know, he would have gone pro, but that's what
we're hoping for you, not the snap knee part, the going pro part, all right?
I know, I know.
You're going to lift this family up out of here.
Look, mom, we're going to roast some marshmallows, tell some ghost stories, and sleep in tents.
I did bring marshmallows.
Thanks, mom.
I love you.
I love you too.
She goes in for a kiss.
Just a little baby peck on the cheek for her little 14 year old boy, for her little baby
boy.
I go around the back of the car and I pull out those marshmallows.
Can I pull out a tent?
Yeah.
I got my tent and a sleeping bag.
I got my rucksack.
I'm prepared.
I've done this a few years in a row now.
Exactly.
I know what I need.
So you get everything about the car and she's like, I'm going to park right here and I'm
not going to leave until I see you go up in there, all right?
Okay.
That's fine.
That's fine.
I love you.
I love you.
I'm going to take whatever route I need to take that I can walk past that car that had
a note on its window.
I just want to read what that note says as I go.
Yeah, for sure.
So it's just a notice that says if this car is still here on a certain date, like maybe
a week or two from now, that it'll get booted.
Gotcha.
So I walk down the trailhead and every little while I check back and see if she's still
there and every time she is, I wave again, kind of exasperatedly each time.
And you make it up to the little shack, the little ranger's shack, and you hear a voice
come from inside of it.
Oh, hello there, weary traveler.
Hey.
Oh, hey.
Turtle me.
Hey there.
All right.
I know Jeb's not here, but my name is Woodrow.
It says right here, and he points to his badge, and he's like, but you can call me Buzz, as
that is my nickname.
Hey.
Hey, Buzz.
How are you tonight?
I'm doing quite well.
Just here to take a little inventory of those folks heading on into the woods this evening.
So if you wouldn't mind, step right up, and he grabs this Polaroid camera off the desk
in front of him, and he holds it up to you, and he snaps a picture.
Oh, hey.
Oh, hey there.
Okay.
Fine.
What is your name, young sir?
I'm Ken.
I'm Ken Krinklehoff.
Oh.
I hold out a hand for a handshake.
Yeah, and he goes out and he grabs it, and he is like extremely frail.
You see that he actually has a cane at his side, and his hands are like shaking as he
goes out to shake your hand.
Good to meet you, Buzz.
I'm glad to know that somebody's out here keeping an eye on everything.
I know somebody's got to with all these people missing in these woods, you know?
And he kind of points back at this board, this bulletin board behind him, and you see
that there are approximately 20 pictures up on the board, and there are all these Polaroids
that have been taken in this exact spot with a piece of paper behind them.
And when he asked you your name, he wrote down Ken Krinklehoff on this sheet that looks
similar to those.
And he's like, I got a couple more questions for you.
What are you up to tonight in these here woods?
Oh, me and some friends.
We're going to be camping out here.
We've done it many years in a row.
Oh, you look to be about the same age as these boys.
And he points back, and you see there's pictures of Ash and of Jeremy.
Yeah, that's them.
I'm actually heading in there to meet them now.
Okay.
Bring anything with you that's not traditional camping gear?
Nope.
My sleeping bag here, and the tent, and, you know, the essentials.
Hmm.
Yep.
All right, man.
One final question.
If you were to get startled and have to escape in any situation, maybe go run and hide somewhere,
where might it be that we could find you if we're out looking for you?
Hopefully that doesn't come to this, but where might we find you?
I'd definitely run back out here to the parking lot.
Yeah, that's a smart answer.
Your other friend said the caves over on the northwest.
Is it part of the woods, seemingly?
All right, well.
And you look behind him, and you see there are a couple of clipboards, and like a fire
extinguisher, and an ax, and a machete, and a flashlight, and that's about it in here.
Hey, Buzz, those missing people I've been hearing about that, have you guys got any
leads on that?
That's kind of weird that it's all happening all of a sudden.
It is very, very strange, and he points up to the picture of Jeb, who you might know
is the normal ranger who's out here, and he's like, they brought me down from the state
to try to clear all this up and keep these woods safe, and I'm a decorated veteran of
the ranger service, and I am here to make sure everything gets taken care of, sweeping
up the issues and whatnots.
But no leads?
Is that where them people going?
I have absolutely no idea.
Do you know?
I don't.
All right, Ken.
You checked around?
For what?
Missing people.
Who?
The people that have been missing.
Have you looked for them?
Yeah.
What'd you say?
Nothing.
It's okay, Buzz.
And as he's saying that, he's like rubbing his hands together.
He's like, all right, well, take care, I guess.
Thanks.
Thanks, Buzz.
Hope we don't need to see you again.
Well, on the way out, hopefully.
That would be a good time to see you again.
That's true.
Thanks.
See you in the morning.
Bye.
Bye, Ken.
Is he watching me as I go?
Yeah.
And your mom from the minivan waves and-
I give another wave.
You wave, Buzz waves, we all wave.
For Ken's mom, Krista Krinkelhoff.
Oh, Krista.
And who likes that?
What's up, guys?
Hello.
Hi.
Hello.
For our listeners, you're hearing three voices that are not Thomas, Joe, and Luke.
And that is because I am a dumb, dumb idiot boy, and I decided to do something I've wanted
to do for a long time, which is run two different groups inside the same sandbox and see what
happens.
So first off, we have a brand new voice on the podcast, and that is our good friend,
Lindsay.
Hello.
My name is Lindsay.
What?
Whoa.
Welcome.
Welcome to the podcast.
I'm so sorry.
For yourself?
As for the way I've acted.
I'm sorry for the sins.
Yes.
You're going to need to do three Bloody Marys and four shots of gin.
So Lindsay, right off the bat, do you have any RPG experience?
Yeah.
Well, yes.
I am on a D&D campaign currently.
My first one.
Nice.
And are you enjoying it thus far?
Yes.
And it's your first time role playing?
Sort of.
I was in Thespians growing up.
That's sort of the same thing.
The Thespian Society?
The Thespians.
Yeah.
I was in The Thespian Society too.
I don't know if our listeners would believe that or a bunch of drama nerds.
Yeah.
Shocker.
Lindsay, what's something fascinating about you?
About me in real life?
Yeah.
Okay.
This is the one I always use.
My great uncle by blood is Phil Jackson, the ex-coach of the Lakers in the bowl school.
What?
Yeah.
I don't talk to him.
I don't know him.
Sure.
Yeah.
My brother used to write him letters and stuff.
Oh my God.
Did he get a response?
Yeah.
He actually got some free tickets.
Wow.
I can't wait to know that.
Can we offer that to our listeners?
Absolutely.
What's his address?
Oh my God.
Let's get that phone number, Asaac.
She's like the zen master.
I know.
He wears a crystal around his neck.
Oh my God.
Yep.
Oh my God.
And so does Lindsay for the listeners at home.
Oh yes.
Every day.
What is the crystal that you have around your neck right now?
The crystal that I have around my neck right now is this very special invisible, which
makes it more special, magic crystal.
And I'm not going to tell you what it does, so you're just going to have to watch out.
If you tell us what it does, will it not work anymore?
Truly.
Yes.
I'm more of a fan of Bonam Veeve, but that's just me.
Ali.
Ali Jepsen is also- That's a joke.
My husband makes jokes.
Oh, Taylor.
Thank you for pointing out my jokes.
I really hope that you do that throughout your entire tenure on this podcast.
Can I just say joke every time you say a joke?
Yeah.
As long as you say it exactly like that.
Joke.
That was already different.
Ali, I don't appreciate you and I wish you would leave.
Oh.
Got it.
Speaking of Ali.
Ali Jepsen.
Oh, can we say your last name?
Did I dox you?
No, you're fine.
All right.
Ali, welcome back.
Thank you for playing Brett.
Ah, yes.
Of course.
On the podcast for our listeners.
Long live Brett.
Long live Brett.
Did Brett die?
Brett died.
But he's a robot, you know?
Long die Brett.
Robots come back.
Spoilers for the podcast.
Please, if this is your first episode, go back and listen to our back catalog.
You might just be here to listen to Ali and Taylor and Lindsay and that's fine, but the
story will be better if you- If you chose to start 50 something episodes
in.
True.
47.
You made a mistake.
This is Lindsay speaking and I have to say, I have listened to every single episode.
They're going to ignore our voices.
Cool.
Well, all right.
Um, I- No, every single- Sorry.
This is Zach.
Every single time that you speak, you should joke.
Taylor said that was Taylor.
She said that.
Joke.
No one takes my jokes.
Hey, real quick.
Ali, what's your favorite joke?
My favorite joke?
What's the favorite joke that I've said?
Of all the jokes I've said.
When I was in fourth grade, I had no friends and I thought this joke will help me.
It was from my joke book and it said, what did the needle say to the thread?
I don't know.
What did the needle say to the thread?
The needle said, need a little help there?
Ooh.
And?
And I still didn't have friends.
Because friends of myself.
To this day.
To this day.
I don't know who any of these people are.
Well, thank you for being here.
I'm excited to have you both on and you are both part of-
Basement cast.
Yeah, a comedy group.
A comedy show.
Me too.
Can I be on it?
No, Taylor, you're not in the group.
We told you, you can only be in the one show.
And then never come back because you talked about anal beads.
I sort of thought that on the podcast was the appropriate time for me to ask to be on
the show because you can't say no to my jokes.
Joke.
Taylor, you're basically a vet on the podcast.
Thank you.
Is that an appropriate time to say thank you?
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's a husband and it's a PDM.
PDM.
DM.
What?
The DM.
What's PDM?
The Game Master DM.
Yeah, welcome.
The Dungeon Master.
And if you had one extra hour of free time a day, how would you use it?
I would pet my cats.
Which one more than the other one?
You're not supposed to say which cat you like more than the other.
I like Ramona and Northern Ropo.
They can understand.
I know you feel that way.
Which makes me want to choose Ropo because she's lonely.
But I also kind of really like Ramona.
It's hard to say.
They're both such dynamic personalities.
They're so different from each other.
And that's enough cat talk for the podcast.
Thanks for listening this far.
I'm just trying to get on the percast.
Oh my god.
Why didn't you say joke after that?
It's not a joke, it's the percast.
It's a podcast.
All right, we don't talk about other podcasts on this podcast.
That is disgusting.
And I'm going to tell Luke that you did that into his mic.
Okay, Taylor told me that whatever his name is farts into this mic.
Thomas did fart directly into that microphone.
And I didn't change the screen for it.
Oh, she's right up in it.
Wow.
I don't smell anything.
That was an appropriate time to inhale into the microphone.
But like I just said, if we could not do that during the recording session, that would be
phenomenal.
Inhale?
You are disgusting.
No inhaling.
On this show, otherwise I have to edit out.
Hold your breath and then talk.
Yeah, like a swimmer.
Can you hear this?
Microphone etiquette is so easy to learn, so hard to master.
Why did you say it like that?
Ellie, stop laughing.
This is not a time for comedy.
You are being very inappropriate.
Let's talk about the characters you guys have made.
So like I said, we're going to be running two side by side stories, but it's only going
to start that way.
And these characters all go to the same high school, which is the Silas Cole K through
12 in contention.
A lot of different kids at this school and still not that many children there.
And some of them have gone missing recently.
We'll get into more of that later.
Allie, tell us about your character.
Judy Kringlehoff is my character.
She's great.
Judy goes to Silas Cole.
She's a senior.
She's a total outcast.
She is still wearing the same clothes she bought for freshman year, which are too ill-fitting.
They're like all tight and short, but in the wrong ways.
Does she have like one of those Kringle shirts that when you buy it, it looks like it could
fit a doll and then it expands?
Yes.
Oh, she for sure has those, but they're like uncomfortably tight on her where you're like
This is not one size fits all.
She never says the right thing.
She's very anxious.
She's always nervous about stuff.
She just wants to be popular.
She wants to be popular and she wants to be in a relationship with the coolest gal at
school, but the odds are not in her favor.
And you have parents who have already been mentioned on this podcast because your younger
brother is Ken Kringlehoff, who's being played by Joe.
Ken.
Ken is what I was never able to be.
Ken's the star child and I'm not a disappointment to my parents, but they're not super proud
of where I am, which is like 17th row in band.
So I'm just like, they give me a tuba, but they're like, don't put your mouth on it.
Like just sit there with the tuba and pet it.
And that's what you'll do.
And that's what I do.
So Ken's like, you know, he's a, uh, he's a star athlete star athlete.
Like you said earlier, he's the star child.
So Alistair Huxley, Alistair Crowley, who's Alistair Huxley?
He wrote Brave New World and Alistair Crowley tried to bring about the star child.
Sorry, no big deal.
Just the spawn of Satan and not Ken Kringlehoff.
You were speaking of having a little crush on the coolest girl in school.
I have a crush on the coolest girl in school.
Well, she's not the coolest, but she's like the rebel of school.
And I'm so attracted to that, but she's kind of a bully to me.
And who is this monster that you're speaking of?
Her name is Liz.
Say your own name, Lindsay.
It's really hard to remember.
My name is Liz.
She only calls her Elizabeth cause she thinks it's more romantic, but that drives Liz crazy.
Liz goes by Liz and that's fucking it.
But Judy calls her Elizabeth because she thinks it's sexy and maybe one day Liz will realize.
That she's been in Elizabeth all this time.
That she's been in Elizabeth all this time and she's meant to be with Judy.
Judy and Elizabeth, man.
Juzabeth.
I ship that herd.
You ship it?
It's a teen term, guys.
All right, Liz, let's hear it.
What you got?
So Liz, you've already heard is like the rebel of school slash coolest in school.
But I mean, not really.
I'm not popular or I try not to be.
I don't know.
Picture like Rizzo.
Is that her name?
From Greece?
Yeah, I thought you were mispronouncing Lizzo.
No, no, no.
That's what he said earlier.
That's why I second guessed it.
Rizzo from Greece, yeah?
Yes.
Yes.
The original Lizzo.
No, definitely not.
I'm sorry.
I take it back.
Lizzo doesn't deserve that.
No.
But yeah, picture me.
Picture me.
I'm Sandra Dee.
Oh.
Get out of this room.
Don't picture that.
Look at me.
It's actually, fuck.
God damn it.
Greece knowledge.
Shit.
In high school, Zach played Danny DeVito.
I did.
I played Danny DeVito.
Danny DeVito in Greece.
Oh my God, Zach.
As a sophomore in high school.
That's real.
That's real.
He did that.
I didn't know him back then.
It's okay, because I didn't know him.
That's our bedroom floor play.
Jesus Christ.
We didn't need to know.
Look at me.
I'm just here.
I just love her voice so much.
All right.
Lindsay, let's talk more about Lizz and less about my high school musical career.
Lizz Lonklin.
Okay, yeah.
So you're picturing Rizzo.
I'm picturing Rizzo.
I'm picturing Lizzo with an R.
The little rat from Muppets.
Oh, no.
Like a lamb, not the rat.
Like a lamb, not the rat.
Oh, shoot.
No.
That's not it.
That's not the right one.
So leather jacket, cigarette, Doc Martens, and bitch.
She's wearing a bitch.
She's wearing a bitch.
She also is a bitch.
Well, I'll try to find a way to love Lizz in our own way.
I'm sure by the end you will love Lizz.
I love Lizz.
Right?
Right.
You already love Lizz.
I love her so much.
Try to make a likable character that way when I kill it, it'll be better.
It'll be likable in some way.
All right.
Perfect.
Taylor, you're also here.
My name is Sharon Berryman, but I prefer to go by Shadow, and if anyone in this room doesn't
call me Shadow, I'm going to fucking lose my mind.
Oh, shit.
Just kidding.
Okay, Sharon.
My dad is listening to this, and I didn't say the F word.
I have never said it in my entire life.
I don't even know what it is.
Farts?
Farts.
I'm going to fart and lose my mind.
Okay, so Sharon Berryman used to be a cheerleader, like used to be popular, very bendy, come
from money, and then a particular event happened in my life that led me in a different direction,
and now I'm obsessed with death in all forms.
Wait, what are the different forms of death, please?
Well, like-
And first, how many are there?
New death, mid-death, old death.
Great.
Your classic deaths.
You know, like I hang out in cemeteries to get my old death.
I-
Past death.
Yeah.
I also, I like to spend time in funeral homes and attend funerals for like-
Current death.
My mid-death, yeah.
Oh, mid-death, right.
Yeah, but then I go to hospitals for like that new, new.
Oh, shit.
Jesus.
Oh my God.
You're like 16 years old.
17.
The nurses at the contention clinic all know Shadow.
They're like, will someone get Shadow out of here again?
Shadow, get out.
How'd she get in here?
I used to be a candy striper, but then they kept finding me in the-
She's leering at the close to deads again.
Yeah.
She's like, but don't you want to die?
Well, the whole thing is like, I really want to speak to the other side.
So I sort of, it's like prudent for me to be there for all processes of death.
Yeah.
That absolutely makes sense.
So we are going to kick off actually role playing in three, let's get the music.
Later Zach, put in the music right now.
So the story starts inside the public library of contention, a place that we have seen before.
It is a rarely used building because as one might suspect,
the population of contention owns all their books.
That one was just for me.
Standing behind the entry desk, there are two individuals.
One is either an extremely young or an extremely old man with a sweater vest and sleeve tattoos
on both arms, I believe.
The other one's a young man who is wearing a sweater with another sweater wrapped around
over his shoulders.
And on top of that one, he has a second sweater that is wrapped around his waist as well.
And he is wearing gold rings on all of his fingers.
And the young man in all the sweaters looks up at the three of you as you walk into the
contention public library and he says, oh, hello.
Thank you so much for coming to the contention public library, whatever it is that we could
do for you today on a day such as this.
Is there anything in particular that you might be here of any interest?
Is there many lands within these pages that we can, I don't know if you know me.
My name is Steven pages, cousin of the esteemed Carrie pages, valedictorian of Silas Cole.
Yeah, I don't care about any of that.
I just want you to point us in the direction of the occult books.
Your gentleman's ears perk up.
Oh, my sweet little patty cakes, please follow me and I'll lead you there.
I do wish you would tell me what it is you're looking for.
Shadow, he's like really scaring me right now.
Could you just go back, take us to what we want to look at without him coming with us?
Look, sir, we just want you to point us in the direction of the occult books and that
would be just fine.
Oh, yes, of course.
I'm so sorry for intruding on your girly time.
Can you just explain what kind of book it is we're looking for?
Yeah, we're looking for any kind of book that has to do with voodoo.
Oh, voodoo you say?
Yes, of course.
I have at least one book that is about voodoo and it is right in the occult section and
Steven pages begins walking you to the back of the library and there is a small room in
the back with a curtain over it and there's a sign that is hanging off of one nail and
it says occult but the OC in front has been like crossed out and inside you find a bookshelf
with six shelves and each shelf has one book on it and there is a shelf marked voodoo on
which there is a single book and it is entitled voodoo.
Do you want to voodoo?
I do want to voodoo.
If you want to voodoo, this would be the place to do voodoo.
I would like to voodoo.
Okay, perfect.
This is exactly the book that I was hoping would be here.
Okay, if we just flip to page 419, we're gonna find exactly how to get rid of your
dude.
We're not looking to get rid of a dude.
I want to torture Britney.
She slept with my boyfriend.
Oh my god, that's like so mean of Britney to do.
Right?
He was so lucky to have you.
You're beautiful.
You're like so beautiful.
He was so lucky to have you and you're so beautiful and pretty.
And also smart.
He was so lucky.
Okay, go swallow a dime, Judy.
Calm down.
Okay, let's just check this out and go back to your house list.
Sounds like a plan, but real quick, looking at page 419, you see there are a few ingredients
necessary to performing this ritual.
There's also a bit of fine print at the bottom of each page that states this book voodoo
is merely a collection of rituals put together by a woman named Lulu Fufu Voodoo and is in
no way associated with any religious ideologies or practices with a similar name.
Also, page 419 notes this ritual must be performed surrounded by trees.
Okay guys, that sounds like pretty scary.
We should just shut up.
And it needs to be done at night.
There's a woods right by my house that would be perfect.
I go there in the middle of the night naked all the time.
That sounds perfect.
Okay, but like we have to be there in the dark because...
Judy!
Judy, don't worry.
We'll hold hands and bask in the moonlight the entire time.
It'll be beautiful.
Rain, rain, rain, rain, rain, rain, but in the dark...
Judy!
My god!
So real quick, let's make up a list of ingredients for performing this spell.
I will start.
You need the left pinky toe of a dead squirrel.
Oh, okay.
Allie, what is the second thing that you might need for this voodoo spell?
This spell says that we need dirt scraped from the earth after it's been stepped on
by a calf that's menstruating.
How the fuck are we gonna find that?
Third thing is the blood from a former cheerleader gone goth that goes to...
Silas Cole K through 12.
Yep, Silas Cole K through 12.
I think I know where I can get that.
It says that in the book.
Yep.
Called voodoo.
Yep, voodoo do you.
Do you voodoo.
Do you voodoo.
Do you voodoo.
Do you voodoo.
To do voodoo.
Lindsay, what is the fourth thing?
Okay, final?
The fourth and final?
Fourth and final thing.
The fourth and final thing.
I'm gonna say, because I have to pee so bad right now.
Urine?
Which we all know is also bird poop.
What?
Wait, we all know that?
We all know that?
When a bird pees, it also poops.
Is that why it's so runny?
It's mixed.
Yes.
Oh my god.
Actually, that's what mine does too.
What, your bird?
Yeah, it's mixed.
Oh, hell.
And if you're a bird, I'm a bird.
Smash cut to you guys slamming the book closed and then realizing that nobody has a library
card.
Dear, dear, dear, what will you do?
Look, we need this book.
We need it now.
Oh, my dear, sweet little baby, there is a process and there is a three day processing
fee.
Fuck this.
How do libraries work?
Okay, I don't know if this will help, but my parents' names are Chris and Krista Krinklehoff.
Oh, your parents?
Oh my goodness.
Are the Krinklehoff's?
We play bridge with them every Saturday, Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday.
That's right.
Me and my old friend, Gerald Fingersen, and your parents-
Thank you for saying my name right, my dear boy.
We'll just put it on their account.
Thank you so much.
Would you like a poppy seed muffin for your walk home?
I'm allergic to poppies and peas.
Oh my god, me too, twinsies.
Smash cut to you guys leaving the library with the book.
Smash cut to you guys on the side of the road, all bent over a dead squirrel, cutting
off the pinky toe of the roadkill.
Smash cut to you guys all in a field where there is a cow that is bleeding out of its
lady butt, and then you guys scoop the dirt into a bucket or something.
Smash cut to you guys just standing in a parking lot, looking up, and there's a bunch of birds
in the sky.
They're all just waiting.
Bird shits on the ground, and you guys collect the not shit, not piss, but both.
Both.
The mixture of both.
And then you guys get a cocktail strainer and strain out the piss, because it says urine.
Smash cut to you guys all standing outside of one of your cars, and you're talking about
how to get the blood part.
Liz, do you have that squirrel toe?
Yeah, I do, but my question is, how the hell are we gonna get this goth cheerleader blood?
I just had this idea, and my idea is that it's me.
What?
Yeah.
Does you not know that I used to be a cheerleader?
Gross.
I can do seven back bends in a row.
And then Shadow does seven back bends in a row.
Whatever the fuck that is.
And also, do you do them in a row?
No, back bend and then back handspring to another back bend, but they're slow.
It's a gymnastics thing.
Okay, so do you wanna get your blood out now, or do you wanna let it out later?
No, I wanna let it out now if Liz will just give me the frickin' squirrel toe.
Why do I need to give you the squirrel toe for you to let out the blood?
It's easy, Liz.
It's easy.
You just take the nail of the squirrel toe and I scratch it on my finger and blood comes
out.
Well, where are you gonna put the blood?
Into my hand.
And then put it-
Really gross.
Judy.
Judy.
I'm really sorry, Elizabeth.
Please.
I'm sorry.
I've done just this kind of ritual before and it always goes fine, okay?
You're gonna just hold the blood until we get into the deep woods?
Well, I just figured that maybe you would be okay.
I do have a vial of- Well, then what the hell?
Well, it's already- Get the vial.
It's already holding someone else's blood, but I guess I can pour that out.
Um, I hate to be, like, a bitch right now, but, like, who's blood is in it?
I don't want to talk about it.
It's my ex.
It was just a mutual agreement to not date anymore and then I just got a little bit of
his blood after.
Yeah, I don't care even.
If Elizabeth doesn't care, I don't care either.
Okay, let's just gather all of our things up.
We'll go have a sleepover at my house.
My parents are, like, totally chill and they don't care about anything, even me.
They don't, like, even care if I love, live, or die, and then we can go into the forest
tonight.
They don't care if you love, live, or die.
Love was part of it.
But they really want you to laugh.
All right, so let us, Tomato, go back in time to, like, two days ago when I believe it was
Shadow who told Liz that her boyfriend, Derek, was seen cheating on her with Brittany.
Let's cut back to that scene.
The bell rings and you guys are all standing outside of one of your lockers.
Hey, Liz.
What?
How are you doing today?
Sorry, I'm just trying to be nice.
I'm just trying to start a nice conversation with you.
Could you just, like, not be a bitch for one second?
Could you just, like, get to the point?
Yeah, that's a really good point.
Hey, if you guys are friends, you shouldn't talk to each other like that.
Who the hell are you?
I forgot my name, but I was in the last episode.
Well, we're not friends yet.
It's just a budding friendship that's gonna happen, probably.
Oh, then this seems like a nice start.
Anyway, Liz, I just wanted to check in on you because you know your boyfriend's been
cheating on you.
What?
Oh, you didn't know?
With fucking who?
I don't know, some girl named, like, Britney.
I think she goes to, like, Spinkbonk High, which is, like, 15 miles down the road.
Fucking Spinkbonk?
I know, it's, like, most of them are total trash, but, like, I think she's kind of cute.
I don't want to, like, put salt in the wound, but...
Listen, Elizabeth, there's no way that that girl is cuter than you.
There's literally no way.
I mean, there's a way, but...
No, like, she couldn't be cuter than you.
What a- what a be-on.
Anyway, I just thought you should know that, like, Derek is not available, like, emotionally
anymore and I just, like, really want to be there for you right now.
Elizabeth, like, what can we do for you?
Can we, like, touch you or help you in any way?
Can we touch you?
What's your love language?
Excuse me, what's your name?
Can we buy you any gifts?
Do you want to be, like, quality time?
Excuse me, who the hell are you?
Um, my name's Judy.
Um, I sit behind you in English lint, and I sit behind you and I smell your perfume
a lot, even though I think it's not really perfume, I think it's just the cigarettes
that you chew up after you smoke them.
Get your shit together, Judy.
Is that the same type of cigarette you've been hoarding in your purse and ziplock bags?
I don't even know what you're talking about.
I collect trash off the side of the road because I'm a good person.
It's not just the trash.
You make a person?
Because I'm a good person.
What, you make a person out of the cigarette butts?
That's really cool.
That's, like, art, man.
No, I said I'm a good person.
Are you gay Arnold style?
Like, in your closet?
I don't, I'm not allowed to watch Arnold.
It's not Arnold.
Anyway, Liz, I'm really sorry that this has happened to you, so, like...
Yeah, whatever, I'm already over it, but here's the deal.
I'm gonna need your help.
I mean, I'm kind of busy on...
No, no, no, we can, no, we can help her, Shadow.
You can totally reschedule that.
Yeah, you can help me.
You have time.
I know your schedule.
I have orchestra rehearsal.
Shadow, Shadow, listen, we can help her.
I'll help you.
I'll do your orchestra for you.
Okay, only if it's something I'm actually interested in will I help you.
So, like, what is it you even want to do?
Smash cut to you guys in the car on the way to the woods that night after you've spent
some time at Shadow's house and Shadow is, like, holding up the vial, like, flicking
it and it's got her blood already inside of it and you guys have all of the ingredients
necessary to do voodoo and who is driving?
And three, two, one point at the person who's driving.
Three, two, one.
That is two points at Shadow, one point at Judy.
So, Shadow is driving.
Shadow, what kind of car do you have?
Oh, I have...
So, my parents have a ton of money, so I have a Lamborghini.
Shit.
Weird.
Super weird.
It's what I always chose in the...
Weird flex, but all right.
It's what I always chose in the game Mash for my car.
Mash.
Mash.
Me and my brother always had a VW Beetle on there.
We were very into beetles.
Yeah, is that going to happen?
I just had this conversation over the weekend.
Lamborghini 2017, even though it was 2013 when this all went down.
Nope, not even close.
Yeah, times don't matter.
Nope.
Oh, it's the 90s.
Times don't matter.
Oh, it's the 90s.
It is a 2017 Lamborghini, and you guys are flying down the road to the contention woods.
When you turn right onto the gravel road that takes you into the parking lot of the contention
woods, I need you to roll a drive check for me.
I have a 4D drive.
All right.
Excuse me.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
And I got a 4.
There is a possum that walks directly in front of you, and you dodge.
No, I don't want to, because-
You drive however best you see fit.
There's a possum staring you directly in the eyes.
You can see that there is fear in its ears.
Confront your death, little possum.
Today's your day to go.
And then I go straight for it.
It looks, and then it turns, and it sits on its back legs and just freezes right in the
headlights, and your front bumper just crushes its face.
I immediately pull over to go examine.
Feel free to chip in with your thoughts on what I'm doing at any time.
Judy's really freaking out, if that's any.
You guys, come look.
He's super, super dead.
He's definitely in a better, or different, or maybe non-existent place, but I'm so happy for him.
I'm smoking a cigarette, and I'm like, ugh, shut up.
No, but really, what do you think the last thoughts this possum had before he died?
Oh.
Shadow.
I have a question.
Do possi-
What is that?
Do they could happen when they die?
I'm not actually sure I prescribe to any particular religion that has a heaven and hell, but if
that's what you want to tell yourself, Judy, then that's fine.
Okay, this possum was maybe named Stacy, and he went to heaven.
Okay, Judy, should we bury Stacy?
Yeah, can we bury Stacy?
Okay, does anyone ... Oh, wait, it's my car.
Let me go grab my cemetery shovel, and we'll scrape him off the pavement.
My God.
I love role-playing.
Okay, so you guys bury Stacey?
Stacy.
Davey.
Davey Stacey?
During the eulogy, I call him Davey.
Just to piss Judy off.
Just to remind that you don't care.
You look up, and you see that you are already in the parking lot of the Contingent Woods,
and looking around, you see five cars.
One car has a notice on the driver's side window taped to it.
Another car has a boot on one of the wheels.
There is also an old Bronco, like an SUV, got a lift kit on it, and it is right up next
to this little shack at the entrance, like the Park Ranger shack.
You would also notice a 91 Firebird that belongs to the older brother of Ash Hornbeam,
and you would know the older brother of Ash Hornbeam is like a party animal.
And then also, Judy, your mom's minivan.
Guys, I don't want to freak you out right now, but I'm pretty sure that's my mom's minivan
that's parked here.
Judy, why would that freak us out?
What if I get in trouble for being here?
You're 17 years old, Judy.
I know, but it's after 6.30 PM, which is my curfew.
My God.
You already told your mom you were staying the night at my house, so if I see Krista,
I'll shove you down into a ditch.
That would be really good.
Do you promise to shove me in the ditch?
Promise me.
I promise.
Pinky promise with my whole life and death and afterlife maybe.
I would love to shove you into a ditch right now.
Oh my God, Elizabeth, thank you for saying that.
Okay, if you promise, I'm totally fine, but then it's fine.
Okay, let's go.
Boo!
An old man jumps up toward you.
And says boo?
And says boo.
That's odd.
Okay.
Yeah.
Is it Halloween?
Nope, it is fall, but.
It's so spooky season, though.
It is spooky times.
Spooky times.
She is wearing a forest ranger uniform that is a state forest ranger uniform.
I believe Shadow, since she comes out here often and bathes in the moonlight nude.
Naked.
Typical.
Power giving.
Very cool.
Moonbeam, etc.
So, you would know that this is not the normal ranger.
Normally, there's a guy named Jeb who's a contention park ranger, but this is a different
guy.
And he says, hello there!
Ah, you can see here, the name is Woodrow and I am a forest ranger and I need you guys
to fill out some forms over here for me in the shack.
Did you decide to be a ranger because your name has wood in it?
That is 100% why I decided to become a ranger.
Interesting.
Anyway.
It was either that or a boat driver.
This is public property, so I think we're just going to be on our way.
So, she comes out here naked and dances.
This is Lindsey.
So, she comes out here and dances naked and Jeb is usually here for that?
Yeah, this is Zach and I think she probably goes deep into the woods before.
Yeah, I don't take my clothes off in the parking lot.
So, she sees Jeb before she gets naked.
That is what I assumed.
Pre and post nakedness.
I was a little disturbed.
Oh, okay.
Alright.
Pre and post, but not mid.
Not dirt.
Okay.
Yeah.
Alright.
Just making sure.
Only the squirrels and the trees.
My psyche was bothered.
I'm okay now.
So, if you wouldn't mind getting your camping gear and coming on up to fill out these forms
instead of barking at the knot, that would make me, you know, happy because it's my job
to get these forms filled out.
Don't put your real names, okay, girl?
Okay.
Right.
I'll just put, my name is Jude.
That's really good, Jude.
Right, but it's still with the Y, but it's pronounced different.
She runs, she runs, she runs, she runs, she runs, she runs.
Ooh.
The sun, the sun, the sun is sleeping soon.
She knows, she knows, she knows that the time has come to dance beneath the, dance
beneath the shadow of the moon.
She moves, she moves, she moves with the howling wind.
The sun, the sun, the sun has come again, come again.
Her eyes, her eyes have seen it all.
The wonders of, the wonders of the shadow of the moon.
Moon.
