Greetings, friends of all shapes and sizes, especially those that are octagonally inclined.
This is Wolf from the past, hitting you in the present, so that you can have a brighter
future.
And the future is always looking bright here on 694.2 PTBP, contentions only time travel
and pirate radio show.
Squares need not apply, because only the dopest geometry is invited to listen in on
this week's Howlin' with Wolf.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf comes from Matt in Singapore, aka at taffysaint, who tweeted
about the show and tagged that pretending pod.
They write,
Wolf, since the advent of digital radio and interwebs, we've been able to tap into your
dulcet-toned broadcast all the way out here in Singapore.
The trouble in contention sounds troubling, but I am sure what people remain are pleased
that you are there to recap the tragedy on a weekly basis.
I know when I am facing supernatural terrors from beyond time and space, it's useful to
have someone remind me what just happened, just in case there is a tentacle or proboscis
that escaped my notice.
Anyway, impending apocalypse aside, I hope all is well with you.
Your broadcasts have inspired me to seek a group of plucky idiots of my own out here
to help, ineptly, continue the fight for all that is right in the world, or at least some
unclaimed drug money.
Either or is fine.
Well, thanks for writin', Matt in Singapore.
All is well with your number one slime puppy, Wolf the dog.
I'm always gonna be here to remind y'all about all them tentacles that can creep up
on ya.
Y'all like hentai?
I certainly might.
But anyway, I'm glad to hear you are takin' up arms with a new crew out of the blue.
I got a couple tips for y'all.
Make sure you get eight hours of sleep, focus on work-life balance, and eat as much trash
meat as you can.
Remember, if you wanna write up somethin' for your wolf to how, tag at PretendingPod
on Instagram or Twitter, tag PretendingToBePeople on Facebook, or write a five-star review on
iTunes and email us at PretendingPod at Gmail.com.
And remember to tell your IRL friends about this show, too.
Fuck Mark Zuckerberg, reptilian-ass powerlicker.
Of course, you can also support the show financially over on Patreon.com slash PretendingPod.
Subscribe for just $5 a month and instantly access five exclusive bonus episodes.
The sixth one comes out this week, and it's straight up some BTS action.
It may be the sixth Patreon exclusive episode, but it's our session zero for this whole campaign,
in which we discuss PC creation and fleshed out the town of contention.
Speaking of this campaign, what also has a shitload of gas in the tank and isn't slowin'
down anytime soon?
It's the news.
Last time, Jeremy Pettymore pacified a tied-up, bloody, muddy, naked man with teeny meat cylinders.
Ash took off back down the trail to tell Buzz, the ranger from the state, they had found
one of the missing persons.
Ken Krinklehoff met up with Jeremy after not running into Ash on the trail, and he takes
issue with Jeremy's new friend Rusty.
After being spooked by Woodrow, Judy Krinklehoff, Sharon Shadow Berryman, and Liz Lonklin answered
the ranger from state's questions.
Judy doused her arms in hand sanitizer and is deeply worried about her mother, Krista
Krinklehoff's minivan in the parking lot of the contention woods.
Liz tried to, down low, too slow, Woodrow's hand sanitizer squirt and failed, while Shadow
decided hand sanitizer would skewer her connection with the earth and the moon and such.
The three then saw dripping of blood from the back of Woodrow's neck, staining his shirt.
Ash Hornbeam got lost in the woods, saw Tree with a bright light shining from a forearm
sized hollow, and avoided a hidden tripwire before sticking his arm right on in that there
tree hollow.
This was a pretty alarming decision.
He seems to have risked his life with this one.
He'll have to take on any monsters in the woods single-handedly.
You hear that?
That's the sound of one hand clapping for Blue False Indigo with Moon Dance.
She runs.
She runs.
She runs.
She runs.
She runs.
The sun.
The sun.
The sun is sleeping soon.
She knows.
She knows that the time has come to dance beneath the, dance beneath the shadow of the
moon.
I'm just like, uh, dude, did you know that you're bleeding out of your head?
Oh, goodness gracious.
I lent my first aid kit to some nice young gentleman earlier and I wish they would have
left it with me.
So I actually have a first aid kit in my Lamborghini.
I call it my Lamborghini.
I could patch you up if you let me use your machete.
Oh, that is an interesting trade proposition.
I will give you a roll of persuasion with a plus 40 since you're trading such an enticing
offer.
25 on a 60.
Congratulations for passing.
I will absolutely take you up on that offer.
So he grabs the machete off the back wall and he hands it to you.
Now, I'm really hoping that you never use this.
I'll use it if I want to use it, but thank you.
If there's any brush in your way, it's likely to be mint there.
All right.
Yeah.
I'm going to file that away.
Okay.
So I go grab my first aid kit from my Lamborghini and I also grab one extra vial for his blood.
Interesting.
All right.
So as you patch him up, are you taking a sample of this blood?
He can't tell though.
It's on the back of his neck.
All right.
I'm going to do it for me.
10%.
All right.
A three.
Wow.
That's dope.
Means good.
Yeah.
Dope means good, Allie.
Unless it's drugs, which are also good.
Just kidding.
Don't you judge?
Yeah.
We're an anti-drug podcast.
Everybody knows that.
For all the 13 year olds and below.
Also the ones about drugs.
The ones about drugs.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
We're also the ones above 13.
Yeah.
I was going to say, I think our main listener group is like 45-ish.
Don't do drugs, dads.
If you're 14, you're in.
If you're 14, you're in.
Yeah.
Dads, wait till your kids are 14 until you start doing drugs again.
Taylor's coughing like so much.
It's like she's trying to sabotage us.
I'm just like trying to make this about me.
All righty.
So, with all of that taken care of, what are you bringing with you into the woods?
Did you bring any camping gear?
Were you planning on spending the night or are you just out here to do this and then
go back home?
We have some blankets.
I was told that this was a sleepover at Shadow's, so I just have my footie pajamas and my sleeping
bag.
I have no other thing.
And my toothbrush, obviously.
Obviously.
I have a lighter, obviously, and cigarettes, and a pocket knife.
Naturally.
Notch.
I have some crystals and a first aid kit, and I would definitely have other helpful
and useful items.
Well, you would certainly have the left pinky of a deceased squirrel.
Correct.
A...
A vial of my own blood.
Correct.
A vial of Woodrow's blood.
A bucket full of the soil from underneath a calf that was menstruating.
That's correct.
And...
Some bird poop.
Peat.
Yes.
Some strained out bird urine.
Did we use a sieve?
Yeah.
100%.
Yes.
Is Judy into gold digging?
Is that what a sieve is?
I don't know what a sieve is.
A sieve is not for gold digging.
Okay.
And I'll leave it at that.
Okay, so sifter...
Alright, let's get you guys into the woods.
You take everything that you brought with you into the woods, and you head down to a
designated camping spot.
The camp spots in the Woods of Contention traditionally have wood and a fire pit built
up and ready to go for each individual spot to make it easy for anyone who's spending
time there to immediately start a fire.
However, when you get to yours, you see that there are no rocks surrounding your fire
pit.
There's plenty of wood.
However, no rocks to speak of.
So if you were to start a fire, you think it might catch the woods on fire.
All of them.
Judy's very concerned about that.
I'm just going to start looking around for some bigger rocks to see if I can make some
kind of barrier.
Well, I just normally want to understand the soil below me because I don't really feel
like I can be a part of our ritual unless we're all in this together, meaning the earth
and the trees and the sky and the moon.
So I'm doing a little bit of swaying in the wind.
And Judy, what is Judy doing?
Just staring at where rocks were?
Yeah, Judy's just desperately looking for something to cling to as far as emotion.
She's really terrified already.
She's coming to grips with the fact that she's going to be out in the dark.
And Liz is already left to go look for rocks.
Yeah, Liz is gone.
So yeah, Judy's just standing around looking for comfort.
And I keep being like, Judy, sway with me.
Shadow?
Maybe we should just find a nice place to brush our teeth?
Maybe in a pond somewhere that is nice?
You're going to brush your teeth with pond water?
Oh, you're right.
Why would I do that?
That's so stupid.
Maybe we should go look for your mom, Judy.
Okay, Shadow, I really need you to stop saying that because you know how nervous that makes
me think that my mom is out here.
Someone definitely stole her car like Elizabeth said.
From like forever away, I'm like, Judy, your mom's fine.
Yeah, you're right.
Anything you say is right and always.
Lindsay, Liz is walking up out of your little camping spot and looking for these big rocks.
So first, I am going to request a sanity roll.
First one.
That means something's coming.
You've played D&D before.
You ain't rolled a sanity check.
Oh, fuck.
What'd you roll?
If I roll a double zero and eight, that's 100.
That's a pass.
All right, all right, all right.
So you rolled an eight.
I rolled an eight.
Yes.
Under your sanity, which your sanity is?
My sanity is 50.
Okay, so you're going to change your current sanity to 49 because you lose one sanity as
the world around you begins to kind of warp and change.
You were just looking through these woods for rocks and you could not find any and then
all of a sudden you are seemingly standing in a different spot in the woods.
All right.
Roll a surge for me.
21.
On?
On.
A 50.
Oh, congratulations.
All right, thank you.
So you're going to find a couple of things.
So you turn back and you don't recognize the path that you just took to walk out here,
but looking forward, you do see a few rocks, big rocks, and next to them, even bigger rocks.
And these bigger rocks have a cleavage that you can see right over.
And you see there's an extremely fit man in his mid 40s and he is bald and he has a super
cut jaw line, like a big jaw line with some one day scruff, single day scruff.
And he is walking around in circles with his hands just like waving all about and he seems
to be like talking to himself.
Judy Krinklehoff.
Hello.
You are standing near Shadow who is swaying and staring up at the moon and digging her
toes into the dirt beneath trying to become a moon baby.
A maybe.
A maybe.
Is what it's called.
If you won't.
And as that happens, I need you to roll a sanity check at a negative 40.
What is your sanity?
My sanity is at a 40.
Oh, right.
So if you roll a zero zero one, that would be a success.
But if your dice match, then it'll be a critical failure.
Sounds great.
I rolled a 98.
Oh my God, that's incredible.
So that's terrible.
And you failed miserably.
Cool.
I'm going to need you to roll a D six, which is the normal die in order to see how much
sanity you lose.
Okay.
I roll a five.
Okay.
You're going to go batshit crazy.
So when you lose five or more sanity in one go, you automatically will have a bout of
insanity is how we're going to play it for this little story.
That means that you will either have a faint, flight, or flight.
Did I say flight twice?
Who knows?
Flight, fight, or faint are the three options for your character.
So let's rank them in most to least likely for Judy.
So what would be the most likely thing for Judy to do in this situation?
Judy would faint.
Faint.
So if you roll a one, two, or three on the D six, then Judy will faint.
And what would be the second most likely flight that makes sense.
So if you roll four or five, she'll run away.
And then if you roll a six, she will get extremely aggressive.
Okay.
Sounds great.
Go ahead and roll that D six.
I got a five.
So Judy is going to freak out and take off running, but you look over and you see shadow
swaying and her swaying begins to become one with the trees behind her and the trees are
swaying and then the ground starts moving from underneath you and you lose touch with
your own sense of direction and the sky above you turns into the ground and everything is
upside down and the ground underneath you is above you in the sky and your feet are
on top of your head playing patty cake with your hands and you cannot tell what is reality
and you need to get away from this place.
So won't Taylor come back in?
Hey Taylor, Hey.
So shadow is swaying in the wind and trying to become a maybe a maybe a moon baby.
Yeah.
Mm hmm.
Yeah.
That's a term I made up and I knew it already.
Yep.
Yep.
Everyone knew it.
Duh.
You look over and you see Judy and Judy doesn't look like Judy.
Like her normal.
Judy.
Hey Judy.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Don't talk to me.
You look like a tree.
How long have you been a tree?
I mean in spirit I've always seen myself more like a pebble but like a tree is strong and
powerful too.
So I'll take it.
Stop talking to me.
Oh my God.
I can't do this anymore.
I have to go right now.
Oh my God.
I have to run to safety.
Wait.
Where is safety?
I don't know.
Just don't talk to me.
You're a freaking tree.
And then Judy runs off into the woods.
I sigh heavily.
I say pardon me moon.
Just give me a minute.
I grab the machete and I run after her.
I should also add that Judy has put on her footie pajamas at this point.
Oh of course.
So she's wearing those as she's running off.
Does she have her toothbrush in her hand?
Oh it's in her pocket.
In her hand.
Oh and cute.
It's a zip up pocket so it'll stay in no matter what.
Shadow.
You were talking to Judy and she called you a tree.
If you were a tree what kind of tree would you be?
I would be a strong cherry oak elm.
Wow.
And suicide.
Tree form.
All mixed together.
For those of you who don't know.
What do you do when Judy just takes off running?
I'm used to Judy being a little bit erratic.
I'm also up for a little bit of adventure in the night.
I just sort of assume that like the forest will take us where it wants to take us.
And so I follow suit to find our destiny.
Oh okay so are you going to follow her in the same direction at the same clip or are
you just walking?
How are you doing about this?
I would say it's somewhere in between.
I'm definitely not walking.
I'm kind of I'm like leaping through the forest.
I love it.
And I have like these attached veils they attach to my thumb and they're almost like
these wings but just of like meshy material.
What?
So when I leap through it's almost like I'm a dancer but they kind of like float like
little ribbons out.
Lindsay.
Yes.
Liz is standing at a bit of a clearing here and she's looking at these big rocks and in
between a nice cleavage of rocks you have seen this man who is waving his arms about
and talking to himself and he is bald and has some scruff and a big jawline seems to
be in his mid-40s and I need you to roll an alertness check for me.
49 on a 50.
Congratulations.
So you're gonna see a couple things.
The first thing you are going to see is that the trees directly in the area that seemed
to be making a circle around this clearing all have a very specific sigil carved into
them.
It is like a single line with three lines coming off the top and two lines coming off
the bottom and it looks like kind of a like a branch of some sort and you would also notice
inside the clearing where this man is he is surrounded in a circle of a white substance.
Are we talking like coke or like liquid white?
Not liquid.
All right.
I know we were both thinking milk but it is a powder of some sort so that is what you
see.
What action would you like to take here?
I think as Liz, okay Liz.
You do think as Liz.
I think as Liz, yeah that's not how I'm thinking.
I think I'm gonna try and get the fuck out of there I don't think I'm gonna want to mess
with any of it.
Okay then let's roll a check against each other real quick you're gonna roll stealth
I'm gonna roll his alertness and we'll see if he sees you.
Okay all right I'm ready I'm rolling for stealth.
That is correct.
85 on a 50.
That is a fail.
That is a fail and so you are staring at him and then you take a step backward and just
crunch down on a big old stick, crack!
And it echoes throughout this little clearing that he's in and he immediately looks over
makes direct eye contact with you and he's waving you forward and he wants you to he
wants you to join him and he's like oh you gotta get around from over there you know
you gotta use a bit of my shiver in the woods you know it's not gonna find you if you didn't.
All right Liz finds this guy attractive so I mean he's talking to me now I'm gonna go
towards him okay okay probably mistake you are approaching the white powdery line and
he's like oh hey if we're gonna stop before you touch on it if you don't you step right
over it instead of messing but all right she steps over it and walks over to him and he
immediately like runs up to you and is and is like what are you doing out here if it's
not a problem in the night it's the sky's about to turn.
What the fuck are you doing out here also where are you from?
I you know across the sea came over for a bit of business but a lot of shit's happened
since then you gotta keep safe gotta keep safe there's nothing about the fish out here
so we gotta find it if it's not here then she can't find us and and if she can't find
us then it's safe so.
Who is she what are you talking about?
The lady in the wood.
Oh fuck.
Oh fuck is right oh fuck is damn right if you can't come around here yeah I've set up
a bit of a perimeter so if you stay here with me you're gonna be safe but if you leave it's
over.
And he walks back towards his campsite and you see on the back of his neck he has a tattoo
and it is like a stylized H so the two sides are kind of like curved in so it'd be like
a backwards C and then a normal C with a line going through the middle of them.
He doesn't have much with him he's set up like a little camp but he doesn't even have
like a bag with him.
Is his camp like within the circle of this white powder?
Yes and the circle of white powder is probably 50 feet diameter 25 feet radius.
Can I can I ask you do I trust this person?
Go ahead and roll humant.
I got a 41 on a oh shit.
That's a fail I bet.
Yeah I mean it's marked out so.
So how do you feel about it?
Wait wait wait wait on a 30.
On a 30 so that is a fail yes and how do you personally Lindsay outside of the game feel
about this character?
I'm feeling kind of sketchy I mean I just walked away from people that I've known and
there's a strange man he's attractive so there's like 10% 10% wanting I want to trust
him.
Sure.
Yeah but I don't.
Attractive people do have it easier in life just in general true it is a privilege especially
for people like Liz I wake up every day and I'm just like oh thank you so much lord and
savior same yeah so you you feel however you want to feel about him and he's like oh you
have to stay here it's nightfall at this point and if you leave you'd absolutely get
in thought so there's there's no way around here you know it's got to be with the fishes
and we've got to keep it left right upside down sideways I mean your feet might be where
my head is but we can't see it anywhere and there's accent changes all right so what if
I try can I just try and run back in the direction that I came yeah absolutely I'm gonna try
and do that what do I roll for?
You don't have to roll anything he's gonna call after you and he's just like oh no no
you got oh god damn you gotta fucking get got there's not a chance that you're not gonna
get got okay cool but I'm out of there right yeah you're out there now what roll a survival
check to see if you can make it back to your campsite 91 on a 40 hell yeah hell yeah dude
all right am I out now yeah you lost you're done uh bye dead yeah okay bye you're dead
you're not dead you're still alive you're just lost okay as Liz Lonklin is walking through
the woods desperately trying to find her campsite she loses track of where she is and the sun
is starting to go down you see through the trees this brightly colored vest almost cheetah
print but more of a cheetah print houndstooth mix what the hell and uh Luke if you want
to describe the predicament Ash is currently in Ash currently has his arm almost up to
his elbow in a tree and you can see around kind of shining out of the tree of very bright
light you can also as you get closer about an inch of my skin below my elbow is completely
ripped off down to the hand no like my whole hand is in the tree but about this much of
it is is ripped off okay like just muscle and fat fibrous blood you guys remember that scene in
127 hours when James Franco like cuts his nerve didn't watch it yeah that was hard to watch shits
fucking nuts dude one thing about that is if he was a true actor he would have actually cut his
arm oh you didn't hear about that yeah really he did so the whole thing off it's prosthetic now
just like everyone in Hollywood's teeth are fake right he has a fake arm cool so Liz that's what
you see as you approach you can also see Ash has tears streaming down his face from pain but you
he's not outwardly panicked but inside he definitely is Ash hornbeam I'm like startled
and I'm like oh hey Liz what are you doing out here me and the guys are well we're on a
camping trip but I kind of got lost I don't something really weird happened I don't know
where the hell I am and my arm is stuck in this tree yeah what's wrong with your arm what happened
to you I don't know if I can pull it out anymore because it feels like there are razor blades on my
arm in here and I was lost and I saw this tree and there's a hole in it with light coming out
and I I just stuck my arm in it and now it's stuck and it hurts really bad and I don't I drop
my axe back at the campsite so I don't really have anything to get out of here with do you have any
idea how you could help me I don't do I have any weapons or anything I don't have anything on me
I don't think you brought anything yeah I mean I would say go back to the campsite but I don't
know where that is yeah I'm also lost I don't know I just came from a place with some crazy
bald man surrounded in coke the reason that I got lost I was going back to the shack because there
was a crazy naked man that was all cut up and we tied him up and he also couldn't talk and he tried
to eat our food and he sounded like an animal what the fuck is going on out here I don't know
but my main priority right now is to get out of this fucking tree and I pull my arm about half an
inch out a little more lose another hit point and you feel your skin rip off the first three layers
of your skin are completely gone and blood begins running down your elbow and dripping onto the
ground and as you look down you see that the grass where it's dripping is dead can I like look around
and try oh by the way watch out for that trip wire there is there it is that's what I was about to
implement if you say that in time then I won't have her hit it so he calls out about a trip wire
and looking down right where you were about to step mm-hmm there is a wire that is running across
from a tree to a post in the ground I feel helpless that is part of the game yep can I go ahead and
roll a sanity check for me both of you because you do not know how to get out of the situation
and helpless is the exact word that I could use to describe this sanity check I got a 93 that is a
failure 34 on 44 so you're good so you're gonna keep a level head because your arms not trapped
in this tree yeah and you're starting to realize that yeah you might have to be the one to leave
and call for help Luke you are going to lose a single sanity putting your sanity down to 37 and
ash starts to freak out a little more and Liz can tell that I am very panicked I you freak out
enough to wear a little fun rule about this game is that when you lose sanity the handler can make
an action for you awesome so it'll be helpful and my arm will be out of here after that when you
lose that sanity you freak out enough to rip at your arm and try to pull it out without bracing
yourself and you pull your arm out another like three inches and you lose three hit points putting
your hit points at two Luke ash hornbeam needs to roll a constitution check in order to stay
conscious here 29 on a 45 oh you are allowed to keep your head however you are not allowed to keep
your cool I throw up yeah out of pain and panic calm down please stop pulling your arm out of the
tree hang on hang on just a second hang on just stay still and then I'm gonna be like help
anyone around you laugh maniacally after yeah I'm a bitch remember now that my arm is probably
there's more room around it right yet it is still just as as well as early pinched I really I don't
have any idea what to do right now okay I'm just gonna I'm just gonna like start looking for help
help help I start like running away I'm looking for somebody I'm gonna leave them cuz I can't do
anything yeah I like I've almost forgot that she's even here cuz I'm just looking at six inches of
my arm completely shed of skin oh what is that that's that's a nerve you can see it uh-huh it's
like just like in 127 hours it's like 127 hours yeah so I'm just standing here just staring at
it like in shock like look off I've started to say something to Liz but she's gone I'm out
Judy Krinkelhoff is running sprinting through the woods trees are lashing her body but she's paying
it no mind as the world around her is melting and contorting and convulsing all at the same time the
earth seems to be pulsating but the ground is the sky and you have no idea what's going on so I'm
gonna have you roll either which is higher your survival or your alertness my alertness is higher
and what is your alertness I have a 70 so you are going to be rolling at a negative 40 so you
need to roll a 30 or under in order to pass this alertness check go and roll those dice for me I
got an 11 that is a critical success and the world immediately all at once becomes normal to you as
you stop dead in your tracks because right in front of you is very clearly a pile of leaves
that is wholly suspicious as if beneath it lies some sort of trap but Judy notices this and stops
just before falling prey to this sham leaf pile however Judy is not alone in these woods Sharon
shadow Berryman as you are sashaying through the woods chasing after your dear friend Judy
crinklehoff I need you to roll an alertness check for me what's your alertness 40 okay I got a 61
all right so you do not see Judy teetering on the edge of destruction as you nonchalantly dance
burst onto the scene Ally I want you to roll dexterity and because you crit earlier there's
no chance you'll fall into the leaves so you're just rolling to grab shadow and throw her off her
path okay I got a 15 whoa so you I already had plans but so shadows like barreling toward you
in a very whimsical manner and you see her just in time to grab her and pull her to the edge and
the two of you fall and hit the ground and as you do that one of your arms flings out and hits this
pile of leaves and immediately the entire pile falls and you look down and you see that there
is a 10-foot drop into a pit below Judy oh my god you saved my life I just sort of thought that
maybe fate could take us together down that hole um shadow I am really trying to lose trust in you
right now because first you turn into a tree and then you chase me through the trees and try to
push me let's talk about that Judy like why am I no no I can't do this right now because I feel
like my mind is down that hole right now and I'm just up here without my mind right now do you want
to do some breathing exercises with my crystals okay let's go back to the camp and maybe on the
way we can pick some flowers and put them in your hair and you'll feel a little better would that
make you feel better Judy it would not who has a better survival check I have 50 I also have 50
okay then who wants to roll some dice I really wanted to find a way in this game to use my bird
calling sure so I thought maybe now would be a good time I could be like and then the birds
would lead us to the camp interesting and how might that work well I would go and they would
swoop down and like slowly flap their wings as we danced behind them shadow like knew which
birds were like closest to her campsite earlier so you could listen for those bird sounds as
opposed to earlier one well okay when I think of bird calling I think of like bird communicating
like it's a back-and-forth sure because I'm in that forest all the time 100 and so I have like
five bird friends so I would like to use my bird calling and my very accurate and reasonable
explanation is that I noticed that there were a line of oak trees right by our campsite and I
happen to know that there is a regional canary by the name of Churchill that's its bird species
of course yeah and it only nests in oak trees of that age and so I'm listening and right now it's
pretty faint but it's coming from the West so we're gonna head west three that's a good rule
listening for the sounds of the what was it church an airy yeah the bird which is in the
Oaks of a certain age you make your way back and you find your campsite however you do not find a
Liz waiting for you at said campsite but what you do notice is a raccoon a raccoon a raccoon that is
sitting on a log that is around the fire like a person might just like cross-legged and it is
using its tiny little fingers to eat food any food that you guys might have brought with you
it is chowing down on look at that little trash panda oh my god he's so cute I love him so much
Oh shadow what is that trash panda that you said um he our good friend really pretty friend Liz
what I mean I really love the idea that maybe Liz died and reincarnated very quickly into this
little raccoon maybe we should ask it some questions as you guys approach it you see this
raccoon it makes eye contact with you and it immediately perks up puts the food down looks
at you and then runs over to your bag and starts like throwing shit out of your bags and it's
clearly like looking for something I'm gonna watch it because I'm curious to see what it wants oh
wait is that the bag that has our potion in it yes whose bag is it who would have brought the most
food shadow I feel like shadow did yeah so then it's also the bag with the ingredients for the
ritual okay well I still want to kill Brittany just for my own curiosity yeah absolutely so I'm
gonna take off my jacket and I'm gonna walk over there and I'm gonna try to like jump on it and
like hold it down with my jacket oh hey what are you doing Judy Judy is pretty fucking anxious
right now so she has taken her arms put them inside the sleeves of her onesie that she's
wearing in the head crouched down and is just sitting there rocking back and forth saying Liz's
name over and over again and shadow I need you to roll an unarmed combat for me I fail and the
raccoon succeeds as you attempt to throw your jacket over on top of it it dodges nimbly out
of the way and it is holding a bottle of hand sanitizer that I believe Judy brought with her
you guys grabbed the hand sanitizer from yeah and the raccoon is holding it and it points at the
hand sanitizer and then it like does a thumb underneath its chin and swipes across like cut
throat and then it like throws the hand sanitizer on the ground and backs away from it and puts its
hands up and then falls over backwards like it's playing dead Judy didn't you use that hand
sanitizer maybe half the bottle on my body but I didn't eat it or anything so I probably am fine
or am I gonna die maybe we should use the water canteen and you should take off all your clothes
and we can pour the water all over you um shadow I really want to stay in my onesie right now I feel
really scared uh maybe we can just wash my hands really good when you say that the raccoon gives
you a thumbs up and then motions back down the trail toward the trailhead with its thumb go
ahead and roll sanity both of you is that a fail or success it's a success Oh congratulations I
got a 63 on the 35 so you Judy are gonna lose one sanity taking you down to 34 dang you have such low
sanity thank you for pointing that out I have 75 listen I'm insane so nothing messes with shadow
everything is already messed up in her head and like I'm mighty fine with that absolutely and so
Judy you were looking at this raccoon and you do not see a raccoon Taylor go ahead and take your
headphones off and plug your ears for me and just wiggle your fingers around in your ears don't get
in fact she's already not listening so Ally Judy sees this raccoon and looking in its eyes you see
a human soul okay I just see like looking at its motions and his activities you're like that's a
person I don't know why that I'm seeing it as a raccoon but that's a person okay all right Taylor
and the raccoon is like actively pointing down the trail and is staring at both of you and then
starts like using both thumbs in a like let's get out of here kind of motion please go with the
raccoon please I think we should really trust him he seems like a trustworthy animal but as an
animal and that I could trust Judy I know you've really been through a lot and I'm just not sure I
can trust your judgment right now but lucky for you I really like that little raccoon because he
reminds me of my mother or so let's go I like jump up I'm still like cradling my own body at
this point but I jump up and I'd start following the raccoon well I'm pretending to be the raccoon
as well so I'm kind of like I'm walking on my hearing legs but I kind of keep like little T
Rex arms yeah I'm kind of waddling a little yeah just exactly like the raccoon is doing that's
correct Liz lonklin you're walking through the forest through the trees trying to get back to
the trail and you come to a spot where you can hear some people talking and as you're walking up
you hear a couple voices and then you see hey what are you guys doing right now you're are you still
talking to rusty I'm freaking out yeah it's the it's the GM's job to paint a picture we're waiting
Liz lonklin you're walking through this massive trees and you are all alone as the Sun is going
down it is almost pure darkness and at that point it's a clear sky and the only thing you'll be able
to see by is moonlight and you know that and time is running out and you are freaking the fuck out
but as you make your way back to the trail you finally find it and as soon as you do you see a
campsite just off to the right in which you see Jeremy Pettymore and can clink it crinkle crinkle
ha and they are two freshmen from Silas Cole K through 12 Jeremy Pettymore you would know only
by name as the whole Pettymore clan is just a full big old family of rust abouts and and there do
wells and can clinkle ha fuck me you can call me whatever you want it's crinkle ha can crinkle
ha is a freshman as well at Silas Cole K through 12 and he is the star sport athlete at Silas Cole
K through 12 he is the future of this school the two of you would know that Liz lonklin is a total
badass always wearing her Doc Martens always disrespecting anyone who steps to her and as the
two of you are trying to calm each other down essentially well more so Jeremy is trying to
calm down Ken as you're talking to this man who is cut up and bloody and muddy and almost feral
but you're you're treating him with some with some nice little winkies and Liz you see this
as you approach their campsite winky wanky wanky terrible they're little Smokies thank you that's
different yeah oh is it yeah what way with little well this is like a feral man you guys don't like
it when I describe it in depth you don't like it when I describe it vague no I don't like you
describing little Smokies is like little ding dongs little Johnson's small meat fellas there
thank you I hear Liz approach and I should ash ash is that you ash no but ash is in trouble who
are you wait I would know them you just said that but you might definitely say who are you I'm Liz
Laughlin who the hell are you I see that it's not ash and I go oh fuck and I try to kind of block
her view from seeing the tied-up bloody man I think Liz would be one of the few like Jeremy
would probably definitely know her from school and the town and she's probably one of the few
people he like looks up to and respects absolutely he's a little wannabe Punk too well you are a punk
he wants to be a punk all right cool oh hey hey we got this wild man you want to feed him a smoky
why the hell do you have a guy tied up over here what the fuck are you guys doing out here he was
just out here kind of screaming and you know acting a fool so ash wrestled him into the ground and I
I tied him up but then he it just seems like a little some kind of dog man so I was gonna give
him Smokies and try to try to pacify him well why are you guys worried about this guy when like your
friend it ashes over there stuck in a tree you know that right no he took in a tree ash is stuck
in a tree his arms stuck in a tree I can't get him out oh his arm is stuck in how far away is
he yeah he I don't know I got lost trying to find you guys well ash went to go tell the Ranger about
this fella here cuz he's one of the 18 missing peoples in them in these woods where what kind
of tree is it we need to know what we're dealing with what kind of tree I don't know just like a
trade is like a normal tree I don't know evergreen or deciduous I don't fucking know it's just a tree
his arm is stuck in a tree was he trying to climb it he got wedged in a branch he didn't tell me his
arm is just stuck in a hole in a tree in a hole mm-hmm it's like peeling his skin back look just
keeps it up keeps it up wherever he gets could you show us where he is can you can you take me
to I can try I want to see if this guy will come with us and I try to lead him like a leash and
beckon him with Smokies Jeremy no oh no I'm telling you I saw in his eyes he is feral he
will hurt us if you let him free can eat he didn't see what a sorry state he was in he's
he's no good out here all alone on his own he's gonna hurt himself some more do you think that's
his blood or you think it's somebody else's look of course it's his blue a little bit of his ash
and mines cuz we did tussle well mostly it's his I'm just like ready to get back to everywhere so
I can can we like just keep them tied up and like take them with us tied up that's right yeah you
look over and you see that this man is just giving you like proper fuck me eyes he's just like see
he's just a fool for them Smokies can he wouldn't hurt a fly as long as we got them I don't trust
him no well I just I don't want to take him with us I think if we time up here we can tell the
Rangers where to find him it'd be easy peasy he's survived out here long enough apparently dammit
Ken sometimes you have to do what's right and not what's gonna look good to a college admissions
board well all right I know associated with wild men ain't the kind of thing that you want to be
seen around cuz you're you're some kind of fucking you know achiever now and you're better than the
rest of us but once you was down in the muck covered in in scratches just like rusty here I
don't know what you guys are going through but I ran into some wild man out there in the woods
there's more wild man yeah surrounded by like a line of like some kind of white powder and he
was telling me that if I leave by myself something will get me so I don't want to leave this guy by
himself yeah we let's take him he is this man is like holding out his hand for another tiny meat
fell and I put I put one in there and he immediately just like holds it with fingers of both
hands and just like and that's just the cutest and then he smiles and he looks back up at you
and he holds out his hand for another can I just look at give Ken I don't like it but can can look
at me you want to give him a smokey absolutely do not give I put a smoke I like grab Ken's hand and
I put a smokey in it and then I clasp it I'm like can what did this guy do that made you not like
him look at him it happens don't worry yeah when I walked up he was he was covered in blood and
he was snarling and gnashing and and there was just there was something in his eyes I could tell
that if you've got free he would want to hurt us it's just something I just saw it it was a flash
well just keep him tied up and smokey it'll be fine listen for all we know this is Jim
Carrey preparing for a role he smiles nods and holds out his hand to Ken oh you're right is Jim
Carrey how is he tied up well can he's tied up well he keeps holding out his hand so obviously
his hands is free they're bound together and bound to his feet but he just enough to to reach
out a little bit for a if his hands are bound to his feet how's he reaching his mouth with the meat
he stretched he's stretchy yeah he's bendy stretchy and he's naked how's his dick it's like weird
looking we can't leave this poor little dick he'll starve out here with a dick like that
so he's not tied up to anything though he's just bound to himself he's yeah he's also tied to the
tree yeah I don't want to take this guy with us do you really not want a wild man pet this guy
would be the discussion it's like do you want to go save ash no do you want to bring this human
man who's like a weird pet boy I want to do both if we if we untie him from the tree we can see
what happens but if he if he comes after one of you I told you that's what I told you okay all
right you told us can hey rusty if you get loose get Ken totally kidding Ken I slip a little smoky
into Ken's back pocket roll roll stealth against Ken's alertness I feel I pass play that out
please oh it's I just like I'm sneaking it in and I slap a hand away what the fuck I'm just joshing
just Josh were you trying to put a smoky in my back pocket yeah I thought it'd be funny if he
he grabbed your ass I wouldn't think it was funny Jeremy what the fuck little smoky Liz right just
show me where ash is he can do whatever he wants with this guy I just I gotta get away from here
he's over here and I try and run and find where ash is stuck in the street I follow and I'm like
and I like with the lead he'd kind of like jerk the lead so he knows that we're leaving and let's
go come on rest Liz Lonklin roll a survival check for me whoa you die we've made that check right
yeah okay it's a good one though makes me laugh it makes Joe laugh every time yeah I failed there's
a fail it's like an 81 on a 40 all right you die see still gotta laugh got it
shadow Judy and a raccoon are walking back down the trail to the trailhead Judy is walking with
her arms inside of her onesie sleeves probably following behind the two adorable a raccoon
walking wait what am I supposed to say tell me I'm a raccoon two raccoons walking on their hind legs
with their arms t-rexed in front of them tottering tottering from one side to the left and as you
guys make your way back down you see the Sun is setting and it will be very dark very soon what
are your guys's hopes and intentions with this trip I hope to look death in the face that's
about it that's like my primary goal in life and Ali what about Judy Judy is just really worried
right now because she typically brushes her teeth at sunset and she has not been a she can feel like
the plaque but she does just like running over her toothpaste if you'll remember in her pocket
yeah she has never oh she does have her toothbrush toothpaste in her toothbrush but she's still
really nervous about the hand sanitizer on her hand so she doesn't want to touch are you gonna
use lake water to brush your teeth Judy she doesn't know she's very uncertain right now she also is
very concerned about Liz but more concerned about her teeth her teeth okay how concerned is she
about shadows well-being very little little to none I think about as much as shadow is worried
about her so as you guys make your way back down you see the back of the little shack that is where
the Ranger sits and you see all the cars in the parking lot all of the same cars are still these
mom's cars there yes the minivan is still there is everything in the same condition seemingly yeah
is the Ranger still there so as you guys turn the corner hello hello who go who is that and Judy you
would recognize it as your mom's voice is it coming out of her mom it is coming out of the
little shack at the trailhead okay shadow I don't want to freak you out but that is my mom yeah
that's what I was expecting I really hope that she brought her water bottle so that I could use
some of it to brush my teeth we should probably go up there and find her mom mom wait wait wait
wait wait Judy I listen to the racoon and I just look over at the racoon and the racoon throws its
hands up in a I don't know kind of situation can I pick up the racoon when you try to pick up the
racoon it like backs away from you stands its ground gives you a thumbs up okay I return the
thumbs up okay it reaches out for a high five I reject the racoon hangs its head and walks back
toward the parking lot Judy's starting to get pretty freaked out she really wants she really
wants that water bottle for my mom so mom mom mom hello hello is who is that who is there and you
see as you turn the corner that Krista Krinklehoff is poking her head out the little window of the
shack and is looking around and sees the two of you with a raccoon what are you what what are you
guys doing Krista have you used the hand sanitizer um yes as everyone should and then she like grabs
a thing of hand sanitizer from behind the bar if you will and puts it up on the little shelf the
little little ledge of the shack everyone should be washing their hands as opposed to you know
getting all higgledy-piggledy or anything else like you you must use hand sanitizer and not you
know bark at knots and you know it's the important thing to do her Krinklehoff household tradition
when Judy sees a bottle of hand sanitizer she runs to it and puts it in her hands she's already
forgotten that the raccoon told us not to use it and the raccoon will try to stop you from doing
this so let's roll a unarmed combat against each other here I got a five on a thirty the raccoon
got a four which if we play prices right rules so the highest number wins as long as you stay
under your staff so you fight this raccoon off to get some hand sanitizer and you put a bunch
in your hands yes that is absolutely right young miss you should definitely be using this I I don't
understand why what it is that uh brought made you bring a raccoon with you back out into the
parking lot of the woods it's okay it's fine you don't need to look at him or think about him at
all or you even be here even you could why why are you here I would like to humant Krista sure to
see if like she's a little brainwashed from the hand sanitizer okay roll a human for me I passed
34 and a 40 34 on a 40 would tell you that she is not in the same state that Judy was earlier when
she seemed to lose her shit okay daughter I am here because the man who was here earlier asked
me to watch his stead for the time being because he heard that there were some some folks out there
just wobbling jaws and and and he was afraid that they might you know get their barking irons out
and take care of business and we can't have anyone shooting guns and making mayhem out here in the
woods with all these missing people Judy is no longer listening to her mom she's digging in her
mom's purse to see if she has any water that she can use to brush her teeth she does have some
water and she will you can brush your teeth Judy brushes her teeth do you just do it like standing
out yeah she's like hanging her head out the door like ravenously brushing your teeth like it's been
years like it's been years so I taught her over to the raccoon mm-hmm and the raccoon like throws
its thumb again to the exit of the woods Judy I think that we should go back and get Liz Judy
looks up and she has toothpaste all over her mouth she says I really don't want to go back
into the woods right now I just want to stay with the raccoon probably you could go maybe
alone Judy I'm not sure that anyone could comfort Liz the way that you can you know about your
special connection Judy you left your friend Liz out in the woods all alone oh mom you don't need
to worry about that everything is fine Liz is probably just skinny dipping oh my goodness what
was your name again mom this is my very best friend shadow so sorry of course shadow shadow
you should go back into the woods and grab Liz I will wait here and Judy you can wait here with
me and then we will all leave together so Krista as much as I would love to do that because I feel
very comfortable and one with everything in nature I'm a little confused as to why you the
mother of my best friend would want me to go back into the woods by myself where several people have
gone missing okay well I will go back in with you if you would like and Judy you can stay here and
wait for us to come back that's a really good idea maybe probably the raccoon should stay with me
yes I completely agree okay that's great also could you leave your purse so I could have some
of those breath mints I really absolutely okay all right Krista let's have some real bonding time so
that maybe for once in your JD life you can remember my name oh you are a little firecracker
aren't you thank you Judy wait will you just watch it until the man comes back who's here he's the
what was he the the Woodrow fella the the whatever what was his thing he was the Ranger yes until the
Ranger comes back if you could stay here and the raccoon friend I suppose can can stay here as
well with the breath mints and then she leaves back up the trail with shadow I grab her hand
and kind of force her to skip with me into the forest she will reluctantly join you and said
skipping okay I might also sing a song oh what would that song be death is all around us just
look at its unrelenting eyes something like that something like that it's unrelenting eyes
Judy you've got your breath mints your teeth are brushed you've got your mom's water I need you to
roll a sanity check for me I got a 34 on a 34 oh that's a success congratulations you hold it
together even though your vision is starting to blur you're still going to lose one sanity okay
but that is just going to make the world around you slowly it's as if it's going to turn the way
it did earlier but it doesn't quite make it fully you just see your vision is rippling and the raccoon
is walking back from around the side of the building and it looks at you with these dead
eyes that are just like horrified and scared and it motions for you to follow it okay and I do it
leads you to the small restroom attached to this Rangers welcome shack and as you approach the
heavy metal door the Sun finally finishes its shift from the inside of this trailhead restroom
we see the scratched up brown door open and Judy Krinklehoff is backlit only by the single
flickering light illuminating the contention woods parking area I'm gonna need a sanity check here
yeah 26 on a 33 even with the success you lose one sanity as your mind tries to comprehend what
you are seeing she's starting to go a little numb so she's obviously she's freaked out her
hands are shaking a little bit and she's breathing a little heavy but she doesn't want to run she's
she just keeps staring at it she can't look away and we zoom up to Judy's shaking hands and her
dead stare from her eyes we see the body of Ed buzz Woodrow still in his state ranger uniform
but his limp body is on the dirty bathroom floor and it's been folded neatly like a freshly pressed
shirt. She runs. She runs. She runs. The sun is sleeping soon. She knows. She knows.
She knows that the time has come to dance beneath the dance beneath the shadow of the moon.
She moves. She moves. She moves with the howling wind. The sun. The sun. The sun has come again.
Her eyes have seen it all. The wonders of the wonders of the shadow of the moon.
