Salutations and greetings, friendos of all shapes and sizes.
It's your geometry, Professor Wolf the dog, hittin' you up from the past.
And I am here celebrating every hexagon I see,
because that's just how Professor Wolfie likes to roll.
And I'm rollin' in filth, live from the past, from 694.2 PTBP.
Now we bout to roll on over to a new howlin' with Wolf.
This week's howlin' with Wolf is simple.
Name, Ahmed Adudi.
Message, I have nipples, fucker. Could you milk me?
Listen here, Ahmed Adudi.
I don't know what you're tryin' to pull,
but you better be happy I'm trapped here in the past,
because I don't milk no one, lest we got prior arrangements made.
I take the art of milkin' quite seriously,
and it sounds like you're tryin' to play me for a fool.
Last time I milked a stranger on the internet,
I ended up with two gallons of sour milk.
And let me tell y'all, this wasn't no buttermilk.
I tried to make me a big ol' stack of pancakes out of that shit,
and it damn near burnt my esophagus.
Remember, if you wanna write up somethin' for your wolf to how,
tag at PretendingPod on Instagram or Twitter.
Tag PretendedToBePeople on Facebook.
Or write a five-star review on iTunes and email us at PretendingPod at Gmail.com.
Of course, you can also support the show financially over on Patreon.com slash PretendingPod.
Become an honorary police officer for five dollars a month,
and instantly access five exclusive bonus episodes.
You don't wanna miss out on this sick, sustaining content, y'all.
Get to the campin', cuz y'all deserve this tent.
With all of the pros and none of the cons,
it's Blue False Indigo with Boooooooon Daaaaaaams.
She runs
oooh
The sun
is sleeping soon
She knows
that the time has come
to dance beneath the
dance beneath the shadow of the moon
Luke, you said that it has felt like ages in the mind of Ash Hornbeam
since this human face, this head, went back down beneath the bush out of sight,
and you're just sitting there. What do you do?
I get up and I go over to the bush with axe in hand.
As you approach the bush, you hear like a
I turn heel and I run back to camp as soon as I hear that.
Okay.
Cuz I don't have any intent of using, I didn't wanna use this axe,
it was just kind of like an intimidation thing.
Sure.
But whatever I just saw and whatever I just heard, yeah.
I think this is a job for more than one boy, because
you know, I've seen horror movies and when you go off by yourself and try to do something,
it doesn't usually end up well.
So, I mean, I know nothing's gonna end up well, but I don't want it to be this soon.
So I run back to camp where
To meet up with Jeremy Pettymore.
Jeremy Pettymore.
Jeremy Pettymore.
Jerahim Pettymore.
Yeah, that is correct.
Okay.
Jeremy Pettymore, you're standing at your campsite and you've been looking around for anything out of the ordinary
as there was no wood at this campsite, which caught you off guard as you had called earlier
to make an arrangement to make sure there was wood at the campsite,
which you mentioned was a very dutiful thing for a 14-year-old boy to have done, especially Jeremy Pettymore.
Yeah, and not necessarily for a 14-year-old boy, but definitely for Jeremy Pettymore.
Absolutely.
This is the only thing.
He doesn't, like, talk to adults on the phone.
That makes a whole lot of sense.
And as you're walking around, you don't notice anything out of the ordinary,
you don't notice anything interesting, however, sprinting back into the campsite.
Jeremy, Ash comes in, who typically has a level head, tends to keep cool, but you can tell that I am perturbed.
What's going on, man?
As far as I could discern, there's literally nothing of interest in this entire vicinity.
And you see me, like, two hand-wielding an axe with white knuckles, and I'm like,
There's a man in a bush by that log, and he doesn't sound, he sounds like he's making animal noises.
I went over to the bush, but I was too spooked, and...
Do you want to come check it out with me?
Yeah, absolutely.
You should grab one of the machetes or axes just in case.
I've got this gun!
That is true!
And Ash is like, okay, and I lead the way back to the bush.
As you get back to the bush, you notice the exact same bush is still rustling with movement, and you hear a
I want to pick up a stick that is on the ground, and I want to just poke at the bush.
Oh man, there's so many sticks on the ground.
Yeah, I want to pick up the longest one I can find and poke the bush with it.
You gotta roll to make sure you don't pick up a short one.
Uh, it's 93 feet long.
You find the longest stick in the forest, and you poke at this bush from a distance, clearly, and you hear a
And stepping back away from the bush is a naked human man who has scratches all over his body, and some are deeper than scratches.
They seem almost like cuts, and he's bleeding, and he looks at you with these huge eyes, and he just freezes and stares at you.
Thinking back to those Polaroids, the Polaroid of the Polaroids.
Yeah, I bring that up.
Do we recognize this man as any of the missing people?
I can barely make out anybody in this picture, but I don't know.
When you squint, does he look like the top man?
Yeah, we start squinting and squinting at the picture and looking up at the naked man, and then back.
What would be a check that you could use to discern?
I mean, as long as we don't have facial aphasia, I think that's uh...
Do you have facial aphasia?
No.
Okay, then you can tell that it...
I don't have that written down.
Then you can tell that it is one of the people who has gone missing.
Ash, it's that one!
Did we learn his name?
No, you did not, and it is much harder to read the names on this Polaroid than to see faces.
Hey, hey guy?
Wait, what time is it right now? Is it dark out?
No, the sun is going down currently.
Guy, it gets cold out here after the sun goes down this time of year.
We got a... You wanna put some pants on?
We got a first aid kit if you need it, or a machete.
He kind of walks up toward you pretty quickly.
Ooh, I point the gun at him.
You point the gun at him, and that does not change his movement as his hands come together.
And he's using his fingers, pushing his fingertips together, and he looks at you and his eyes get really big.
And then he kind of like, droops down his eyes to make a sad, solemn face.
Like a puppy dog face.
Like a puppy dog eyes.
I look at Ash.
You should follow us back to the shack.
Ash, what the hell, man? We don't want to take this thing anywhere.
Well, it doesn't seem like he's going to hurt us, and honestly...
He's a naked dog, man. I want to get him away from our campsite, but he's in that missing persons thing.
We ought to bring him back to the old man.
He sniffs the air.
Oh right, our civic duty.
And he looks back, and he looks behind you, and he smells the air, and he's going to start running for where your campsite is.
Should I follow suit?
Or should we try to red rover him?
Are we in front of him, or...?
You're in front of him. You're in between.
Yeah.
Let's try to stop him.
We make eye contact and just grab each other's arms and try to like, clothesline him.
Red rover, red rover, send freak boy right over.
Go ahead and roll sanity for me, both of you, because this is not a normal situation.
Coming across a man in this state in the woods.
I fail.
I pass.
Okay, Luke, Ash Hornbeam is going to lose one sanity.
Jeremy Pettymore will lose none.
This is kind of fun.
He's been around his criminal uncles long enough to see what a naked cut-up man looks like.
Yeah, I've seen plenty of this.
Like, you get into the shine a little too much.
So as you guys reach out to each other to red rover, Ash freaks out and backs away and is going to let this guy go right through.
Yeah, I trip over the log that's located right next to me.
It's perfect.
And I need Jeremy Pettymore to, if you're going to attempt to grab him alone, roll an unarmed combat for me.
Ooh, fail, 67 on a 50.
And the man makes it right past through you and takes off running.
And as he's running, I want you both to roll a humant for me.
Ooh, pass, 27 on a 40.
41 on a 50.
Alright, so you would both realize as he's running away from you, Ash you see from the ground on your butt after falling from tripping over this log.
And Jeremy, you see as he brushes past you and continues to sprint in his own way, this is not the sprint of a normal human man.
Like, way too fast.
Not only is it very fast, but he's also crouched.
And as he comes across like any brush on the ground, he's using his front legs, I mean arms, to help him in his transport.
So he's running on all fours essentially.
And he is making his way directly to your campsite.
Have you seen that video of that horse girl who runs like a horse and jumps over stuff?
Fuck, that shit is, I hate that.
That's exactly what I'm imagining.
It's really unnerving.
And it's also terrifying, and people went to high school with that person.
Actually, probably not, she was probably homeschooled.
That's it, that's a little bit of a relief.
One can only hope.
I get off my butt and I start regularly running back to the campsite.
Yeah, Jeremy Fettymore has certainly never seen anybody whose mind has been switched with that of a common house animal.
No, Jeremy doesn't anymore.
He doesn't know what the fuck is going on.
He runs after it too.
And he's kind of trembling with the pistol in his hand, but he's like, mister, I'll shoot.
I'll do it.
Yeah, and I'm still firmly holding onto that axe, but when I start sprinting, I'm one hand in it.
I'm holding it like when a server, such as myself, holds a steak knife up against your arm, blade away, so that it doesn't cut me if I fall.
Yeah, ironically, that's actually the worst way to hold an axe.
They call that the lumberjack's demise.
Well, I have never been a lumberjack.
Ash has never been a lumberjack.
He thinks that's the best way to do it, so that's how I do it.
When you arrive at the campsite, you see that this man is hunched over, he is ripped apart, whichever bag had food in it that you guys brought,
and he is just going to town on any snacks that you may have brought, and he checks mixes.
My little smokies!
Ash, without thinking, drops the axe, takes a running jump, and just both feet into this guy's head, kicks him off the food.
Oh shit, Ash! Kicked him in the face!
Roll an unarmed combat, and I'll give you a plus 20.
Fuck.
78 on what would be, with a plus 20, 70.
He ducks right out of the way, he rolled an aught 7, and he continues to feast as you slide on your back, and you get covered in mud.
Like, absolutely covered your eye. Actually, go ahead and roll a dexterity for me to make sure you don't stab yourself with that lumberjack's demise.
I already, I said I dropped it before I did the flying kick.
Well, that's extremely smart of you.
It's also good real playing to listen to your players.
Yeah, it is.
As I slide in the mud, I hear Jeremy Pettymore go,
You're out!
I didn't hear it either, so for all we know, he's just lying.
Yeah, if so, he's a beast.
It was a grave.
You can pause it and play it back if you want.
No, I appreciate the bluff.
And I trust Ash Hornbeam.
Yeah, he's inherently really cool.
Right, so Jeremy Pettymore calls you out, and then does what?
Jeremy is going to look at his skill sheet that he hasn't seen in a couple weeks.
Disguise. Jeremy Pettymore is going to charge the naked man.
And how is the dude situated after his tussle with Luke?
Oh, still crouched. He just crouched a little bit lower to get out of the way there.
So he's maybe belly on the ground.
Prone eating little smokies and Chex mix.
He's got little weenies in his mouth and little Chexes on the ground.
I'm going to just try to throw him off our food.
Yeah, let's go ahead and roll that unarmed.
I'll still give you a plus 20 because he is busy.
Critical success.
Oh, shit.
Well, then describe exactly what you would like to do with this giant, bloody, cut-up man.
Naked.
He's naked.
Jeremy Pettymore is like, give me those.
And with one hand, he snatches the can of little smokies,
and with the other, he just pushes the dude on the forehead straight off away from our backpack of food.
So he backs up, and he gets on his haunches, and he's holding his hands up in front of him like a prairie dog,
and he looks at you, and he's just hissing.
I want to throw the can at him.
You're going to waste your smokies?
Brother, I've got more.
That'll be athletics.
Fail. 40 out of 30.
You sail.
Sail!
The little smokies.
Sail.
Sail.
Which is what I meant to do.
I just wanted to throw a warning shot across his bow, his proverbial bow.
Well, it actually seems to help because he immediately runs away toward them.
He runs behind where he was, further away from you, and goes and grabs the can of little smokies
and is attempting to open it, but cannot quite figure out how to do it.
Did that ranger mention any way we could contact him out here?
Shoot a gunshot.
Oh, come on.
Yeah, but maybe this thing will run away.
What is that?
I kind of would...
Well, you're right.
We need to bring him in.
Well, okay.
Before you do that, I...
What if we just keep giving him smokies?
Ash is on the wrestling team, so Ash goes over and...
Well, fuck it.
Yeah, I go over, and I want to just full Nelson him and smash him onto the ground, and then
leg lock him, and then...
He's going to run away as soon as you approach him.
So as you run up to him to do this, or even walk up to him to do this, he's going to take
off running with the little smokies.
In order to catch him before he dips, I need you to roll an athletics check against his own.
A 12 on a 30.
He rolled a 97.
Hell yes.
So you grab him.
Now we're going to go unarmed combat straight up and down against each other.
Can I support this?
I failed.
Passed with a 26 on a 50.
You describe what you do, and then Thomas, you can put yourself in the situation in a
positive space.
I get up from my slide.
I kick the can of little smokies before he can figure out how to open it up back kind
of towards where the pile of food is.
So what's important?
I give him a little elbow in the face since he...
Or actually, I give him a knee in the face since that's closer, and then while that's
kind of got him off guard, I just full Nelson him, push his face into the mud, and then
I lock my legs around his legs so that he is pretty much immobile.
You are a bloody muddy mess of a two clump person.
I want to take a rope that we...
Like Eddie Murphy.
Perhaps found in the camping equipment from the Bronco or the other car.
A hundred percent.
And I want to tie him up while Luke's got him...
Yeah.
Got him wrestled down.
If anyone knows how to tie up a naked man, it's Jeremy Pettymore.
Honestly, it falls far too often on the Pettymore children to hog tie the obliterated adults
at the family get together.
The other adults are too busy pouring more drinks, and they're just like, hey, handle
it, Jeremy.
That's his fourth jar of moonshine.
I get the rope ready.
Take his keys and grab the rope.
Well, once a kid is old enough to push a lawnmower, he's old enough to tie up his uncle when he's...
Which in the Pettymore family is like about three years old.
I really hope that there's a beautiful circular cross stitch that says that in every Pettymore
home.
I'm trying to remember something specific that was in an ex-girlfriend's parents' house.
It was basically just said that faith is...
Being certain of what you hope for and sure of what you cannot see?
Yeah.
Exactly.
I was raised.
The Pettymore one says, mow the lawn and tie up Don.
Holy shit.
Yeah.
And there's a little picture of Don D. Pettymore that's also like...
He's tied up and in the background, a little tiny Jeremy's just mowing the grass.
Anyway.
Anyway.
You guys have a tied up, naked, bloody man.
And currently, you both are also just covered in this blood and mud.
I'm gonna sanitize my hands with the hand sanitizer.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
But other...
All the mud and shit.
Yeah.
We're like 14 year old boys out in the woods.
I think we probably feel pretty cool.
Yeah.
I bet you do.
All right.
Jeremy, are you also hand sanitizing?
No.
That's all I do though.
I keep all the mud and muck and blood on me, because I really don't have anything to clean
it off with.
I want to tie the wild man up to a tree.
Okay.
And then I kind of want to start trying to calm him down with another can of smoke.
One at a time, giving him little smokies.
And I'm trying to experiment with commands like, hey, sit.
Jeremy, stay.
You think I ought to...
I mean, I can just run real fast back to the shack and go get that old man.
Yeah.
Let's split up.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And I take off towards the shack.
Perfect.
Thomas, leave the room.
Luke, as Ash Hornbeam runs back down the trail, I need you to make a sanity check.
That is a pass of 38 on a 39.
You are still going to lose one sanity, putting your current sanity at 38 now.
Cool.
As you're running, the trees begin to warp and the trail becomes almost non-existent
in front of you.
And you are immediately looking at trees instead of the trail ahead of you.
And you turn around and it's just trees.
And you have no fucking clue where you are.
You're by yourself.
The sun is going down and you are in the woods of contention.
Exactly what I wanted to do.
Perfect.
Joe, Terry.
That's me.
Hey Joe.
Howdy.
I believe Ken Krenkelhoff was just walking down the trail, heading to his campsite.
Going to meet my buddies.
Going to meet your buddies.
I got a couple checks for you to roll on your way there.
Alrighty.
First one's a survival check.
Uh, I don't have my character sheet.
Oh yeah, I have your character sheet.
I was like, yeah, I'll just roll dice.
You tell me what happens.
I do eventually want to play a game where I am the only one who knows what you're like
search and alertness and sanity are.
And then we'll just describe it in character.
That way you guys never know if you pass or fail.
I think that'd be kind of fun.
It would take away some of the dice rolling aspect, but it is what it is.
I fail a 79 in my, you said survival, right?
I did indeed.
A 50.
So I fail.
Okay.
As you're walking down, you think to yourself, yes, this trail is exactly how I roll.
I remember it.
And now I need you to roll an alertness check.
I also fail that one.
An 87 on a 50.
All right, then nothing cool happens and you may as well fuck off.
It's for real?
No, I'm kidding.
So you're, uh, so you're walking down the trail and you make your way all the way back
to the campsite where you normally camp every year with Jeremy Pettymore and Ash Hornbeam.
And when you arrive from a distance, you can see two figures.
One is Jeremy Pettymore and the other is not Ash Hornbeam, but rather it is an adult man
who is naked, who is covered in blood and mud.
He's cut all over his body and he has been tied up hands and ankles and then tied to
a tree and Jeremy Pettymore is waving little Smokies in front of his face.
What the fuck?
Is he conscious?
Yes.
Little Smokies like the sausages.
What the fuck?
Everyone is going to say that as he enters the clearing.
Shark flips.
Do you have sharp toenails right now?
No, shark.
Shark.
I thought you were like cutting Ally with your...
Shark flip flops.
Did she do that?
Oh, all the time.
All the time.
Every time she comes in, she's like, look at me, I'm Sandra Dee and then she cuts me
with her toenails.
And then I have him put the blood in a vial and then I put it around my neck and then
we have hoard sex.
Call me Billy Bob Thornton.
Call me...
I don't get that.
He used to wear Angelina Jolie's blood around his neck in a vial and she did the same with
his blood.
That's a lie.
The 90s were crazy.
What the fuck?
That's a lie, right?
And then Brad Pitt was like, give me some of that lot of blood.
He wanted the blood, really.
He was just after the blood.
I've tasted blood.
Yeah, I think we all...
I think we've all tasted blood, Ally.
You're being weird about it.
I bite my lip on purpose every day.
Ally said that she's tasted blood in an actual...
You sat down and had a flight of blood or something.
You acted as if you have sucked it from a woman.
I've tasted blood.
Okay, whatever.
We've all done it.
Right, right.
A woman specifically?
What kind of blood are you talking about, Lindsay?
I said wound, but I meant wound.
So would a flight of blood be like the different blood types?
Oh.
Oh.
Yeah.
Like type O, positive.
That's a good one, Shadow.
Hey, name all the rest of them.
O negative, A, B, and C.
Oh, so close.
Is C a blood type?
It's not.
I think it's A and B. A and B are things, right?
I can't wait to tell someone that I'm blood type C.
A, B, O.
What blood type?
A, B, O.
C.
Um, C, bitch.
Universal donor.
Um, C.
I don't really know anything against C.
C plus, I think is what it is.
You know what they say.
C is get degrees.
I'm a C student, so I have C plus blood.
Do you think phlebotomists, when you leave, they're like, C plus.
Yes.
She clearly needed the crackers.
I always need the crackers.
Yeah, you're a C plus.
C.
I don't know why I keep doing that.
Why is not my reaction to things?
What are you doing?
I keep going.
It's an audio format, Taylor.
She's sticking her tongue out for you listeners out there.
And also like rolling her eyes in the back of her head while shoving both pinkies up her nose.
She's a little bit like a fish out of water with pinkies.
What if that was my initial reaction?
It was just like you say something like ever so subtly offensive and I go.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah, Taylor.
Oh dear God.
That'd be normal because that's what you do.
Because that's what I do.
Burn on me.
Burn myself.
I did it first.
So it's a joke.
We don't do that anymore.
That's so earlier in the episode.
Yeah, that's so.
That's so last episode.
That's so pre throw up Taylor.
Oh yeah.
Taylor, do you want to talk about what happened the first time we sat down to record?
You know how like when your friends just like relentlessly make fun of you so hard that
you start coughing and then you throw up in your hand and then you run to the bathroom
and then you throw up your guts for like five straight minutes while your friends sort of
laugh and awkwardly sit in a room?
What was I supposed to do if I went in there and I would throw up?
Same.
You could have thrown up with me.
It's a pretty big toilet.
It's pretty big.
Farts is just a joke toilet for farts.
For farts.
It just has a joke hole for farts?
You're not a part of turbo team.
Alright, let's hop right on back in.
You guys were in the parking lot and you were talking to Woodrow, the state ranger who is
now looking over the contention woods and he jumped out at you and said boo because
it's spoopy time as we said it's fall and he wants you to come to the shack and fill
out some forms.
Yeah, so if you don't mind just grab your camping gear, everything that you're gonna
bring on in with you and we can talk about what you brought with you that way we have
a slight inventory of what you have on your persons and then you can fill out some forms,
I'll take some pictures of you and then you'll head on into the woods.
This has never been protocol when Gary, I mean Jeb, used to do this.
Well Gary, I mean Jeb is missing currently and we're looking for him but state sent
me down here because there's about 18 missing people and I've got pictures and information
on all of them and so if you see any of them in their woods then you need to let me know.
We can get Officer Cox down here and take care of business.
I don't think so.
I don't know if you know my dad but he's like a lawyer and he really prefers when pictures
aren't taken of me and I don't fill out forms and I don't show you what's inside my bag
normally when I go places.
Oh, I don't need to look inside your bag, I just need to look at your face and take
a picture of it and then you can just tell me everything that you got now come on down
to the shack.
Whatever, can we just do this?
Let's just do this so we can just go.
I'm actually, I'm in witness protection program and so like my face can't be like photographed.
Young lady, if you're in witness protection program then you have given yourself up.
Okay, maybe I'm not in witness protection program but like, okay, fine, let's just do it.
Um, Shadow, like if this guy is asking to take our picture because if in case we go
missing then we should probably let him do it so the cops could find us if ever we were
still missing like those other 18 people maybe.
You hear, as he's walking away, he hollers back, he goes, that's exactly why we do it.
Judy, why is your mom's car even here?
Oh my gosh, oh no!
What if my mom is one of the 18 people that is missing maybe in the woods?
I wasn't implying that but like probably, but like what if it's not your mom?
Right, what if it's just someone else that also drives the same car as my mom and has
a bumper sticker on it that says world's greatest son?
You're right, it's probably someone else.
You're right, you're right, it's not my mom, it's not.
Everyone loves their son.
Calm down.
There's that same scratch on the side from probably some other kid that she had that
also accidentally ran their key onto it but it wasn't me, it was probably another kid.
Someone probably just stole your mom's van, so calm down.
Oh you're right, someone probably just stole it, it was totally fine.
They live in a gated community though, like is that possible to steal from the gated community?
It's possible, right?
It's totally fine.
Jeremy Pettymore, you are standing in front of this man.
Correction, I am kneeling, I'm trying to get on his eye level.
I'm letting him smell my hand.
Uh-huh.
And I'm giving him smokies with the other.
Yeah, a hundred percent.
And as you're doing that, you hear...
What the fuck?
Jeremy, what the fuck is going on?
Oh hey man.
Sir, sir, can you hear me?
And I'm talking to the...
Hey, did you talk to the ranger at all?
Yeah.
Take your Polaroid, you see all them missing folks?
Uh-huh.
Look at this here Polaroid of them missing folks.
Hey, he's one of them, right?
See the top left?
Jeremy shows you a Polaroid that was taken of the board of the missing people,
and there are tiny little Polaroids inside of this picture showing the faces.
You can kind of make out the faces.
Gotcha.
One of them is that guy.
Yeah, Ken looks back and forth, back and forth, squinty eyed, squinty eyed.
I guess it kind of looks like him.
You found him.
Yeah, we saved him.
And we tied him up and only wrestled with him a little bit,
and so Ash is on his way to the ranger station to take him back to civilization,
and I'm trying to tame him with smokeless.
Why's he bleeding?
Oh, he was like that when we found him.
How'd you find him?
Naked in the woods, acting like a wild man.
Ken, roll intelligence for me real quick.
Not my strong suit, but I passed.
You just took a biology lesson.
I passed with a two on a 25.
Two on a 25 would let you know that what Jeremy just told you
is that Ash just went down the trail, and you also...
I didn't see Ash.
I just came from the trail.
He wasn't there.
I didn't see him.
I mean, he just went down.
He just went down there.
I didn't see him.
I just came from the trail.
Fuck.
Ash!
Ash!
All right, don't lose your head right away.
Go ahead and roll sanity for me.
He's bloody!
He's bloody!
This is your first time seeing this man,
who is sniffing at Jeremy Pettymore's fingers.
Oh, damn.
It's a 36 on a 35.
Go ahead and make that a 34 for your current sanity as you lose one.
Jesus Christ.
Sanity loss really gets the indigestion going.
As that happens, Thomas, if you could plug your ears real quick.
Looking at this man, you no longer see humanity in his eyes,
and you can only see this animalistic intent
behind the eyes of this bloody, muddy, tied up human.
Okay.
You're good, Thomas.
I stuck my fingers in my ears and wiggled them around
so there was just a constant roar,
and any infection I might get tomorrow is on your conscience.
Non-existent, my dude.
What was on your fingers?
You know, just the day.
Also, I rubbed infection all over his fingers earlier.
That's what I call my pussy.
You get it tattooed, and the O is your clit.
It's a circle, and it says infection.
Like a teardrop.
All right.
So, no, no, no.
A circle tattoo above the clit.
All right, well.
You see Ken get startled and start backing up away from you both.
What the?
What the?
What's?
That's not a person.
Of course it's a person.
Look at his eyes.
He's like feral or some shit, Jeremy.
Okay, but he's still a man.
Jeez.
Did you think the fucking hunt for old Madge was just all gonna be like
civilized gentleman, and yes, yes, sir, and no, ma'am, and thank you, please?
No, it's wild fuckers in the woods.
We've never seen anything like this, Jeremy.
We were gonna roast marshmallows, and we were gonna tell ghost stories,
and we were gonna fall asleep way too early and wake up way too early.
Ken, he's real friendly.
Why don't you give him some fokies?
Give him some fokies.
Fuck no, I'm not going near him.
Give him some fokies.
Fuck no.
Ash!
Ash!
Ash!
I don't know why he's so scared of you, Rusty.
You named him?
Yeah, look at him.
He's a little rusty.
He got in that red dirt.
You're worse at getting a room noise than Luke.
Think about that.
Well, it's sort of, it's like you, uh, Mr. Rogers.
It's like a fucking nightmare trying to get a room noise with Luke.
Oh my God.
I mean, we're not doing this podcast anymore.
Yeah.
No, but it's like you, Mr. Rogers, us, where we just have to sit for one minute
and not make any noise, and you're like, what do I do?
You're going to want to have your mouth almost touching the microphone when you speak into it.
Okay.
But not farting into it like that other guy.
His name is Thomas.
His name is Thomas.
Right, Thomas.
Something petty more.
It's always something different.
It's always something petty more.
Gavin.
Gavin.
Gavin.
Gavin.
Gavin is such a little slut whore.
Frickin Gavin Pettymore.
Whoa.
We don't Gavin shame on this podcast.
All right.
Yeah.
Young ladies, if you want to come on down, we're trying to get this information.
You can get on into the woods and take care of business.
You hear from all the way in the shack.
Now he's all the way in there and there's a little like open window.
I don't know what you would call that.
Like, uh, that you would walk up to.
Like a concession window.
Exactly.
Thank you so much, Lindsay.
That was Lindsay.
I don't know why, but I just don't trust this guy.
Yeah, I don't trust him either.
Like he seems pretty scary.
Whatever.
He's not going to let us go into the woods until we take a picture.
So just like, let him take a picture of us.
But like, what if he's taking our picture because then he's going to make us disappear
and then he can put our picture up.
Yeah.
And also Elizabeth, it's like always easy for you to take a picture because you always
look so beautiful and like we don't.
Judy, we've been friends for so long and you used to call me beautiful and you don't anymore.
And I just like, don't even know why.
Like you used to tell me how wonderful and cute and sweet and hilarious I am.
And excuse me, when did this turn into some kind of competition?
Can we just go into the woods please?
That was Lindsay's voice and it made the funniest noise.
Was that inside your throat?
It was like,
I can't burp.
Like your body isn't capable of burping.
My body isn't capable of burping so it does this.
GMing is pain.
Sorry.
Being Lindsay is pain.
Oh my God.
Okay, fine.
Let's just take the picture.
Okay.
So when you guys walk up to the little shack at the entrance at the trailhead,
who has the best alertness?
I have 40.
I have 50.
I have 50.
Oh, two fifties.
All right.
Well, let's have both of you roll.
Why not?
I rolled a, wait, what's 30 and zero?
30.
I rolled a 30.
I rolled a 15.
What's 30 and zero?
30 plus zero is, hold on, let me do the numbers in my head.
Oh my God.
It was my first roll.
I'm so nervous.
Hey, that was both of your first rolls on this show and they both were successes.
Yes.
There's no way you won't die now.
Can you describe that face for our listeners?
It makes the exact same noise.
Who succeeded more is the thing.
So technically whoever got 15.
So Lindsay.
No.
So it's price is right rules.
Oh, so I win.
Judy wins the role.
Fuck you.
I'm more alert.
But you both see everything.
You both see everything.
So in this little shack, there are some clipboards hanging on the walls.
You've got one fire extinguisher.
There is one ax, one machete, one flashlight.
There's a giant thing of hand sanitizer that is sitting out on the like front, on the ledge.
What's a ledge of a window called?
A sill.
It's on the sill.
And there's, let's see what else.
Behind him, behind Woodrow is a bulletin board with many Polaroid pictures thumbtacked into
the bulletin board with a sheet of paper.
It's got information on it, like behind each picture.
And he says, yeah, no, these are all the people who have gone into the woods.
And then he like kind of points at one side of them are sectioned off.
And he's like, and those are the ones that are missing.
So obviously be careful in there.
Do I have something I can like take a picture of it with?
Probably not in the nineties.
Probably not in the time that we're in right now.
But I have a Polaroid that I can take a picture of you and it with.
I can give you a picture of that.
That way, you know what the pictures of the people look like who are in the pictures.
That way, when you're in the woods and if you see one of them, then you could let me
know.
So, and then he just snaps a picture of Liz.
I don't want to be counterproductive to what we're doing right now, but it sort of seems
weird that 18 people have gone missing in the woods and you're still letting us go into
the woods as female minors without any adult supervision.
Well, I don't see age or gender, but I do see three very capable young ladies who are
looking to have a good time in the woods this evening.
So Liz, I already know your name for some reason because you must have told me earlier.
So Liz Longley, he looks down at the piece of paper and he's like, let's see here.
What is your business in the woods this evening?
I just want to camp.
I just really want to camp.
Okay.
And did you bring anything?
And he's reading off the sheet.
Did you bring anything that is not camping gear?
No.
Okay.
And if you were to go missing, where would we look for you first in order to find you
quickest?
Are you sure you're not out here trying to paint your nose?
Cause you're looking all higgly piggly and I'm just worried that y'all are going to be
out here raising sand.
And I guess, I don't know, like in a tree.
In a tree.
All right.
This one's got a cap and wumpus mind.
And I like that about you.
All right.
So, uh, he writes all that down and then he sticks the picture in the thumbtack and throws
it up on the board of the side of the non-missing and his attention turns to shadow and he picks
up the Polaroid and lifts it up and snaps a picture of you.
What's that picture look like?
Gaunt.
Kind of deadly.
And when I say deadly, I don't mean like the picture could kill.
I mean like the person in the picture was killed and looks a little dead.
Um, it's, it's my makeup.
It's, it's not like...
I just meant what face were you making, but that's fine.
Yeah.
I like this.
Deadly and gaunt.
Like dead-ish.
Not really deadly.
You know, like just like dead-like.
Similar to death.
And I think that's all that needs to be described.
Wow.
You were just barking on a knot out here.
What's your name?
Shadow.
All right.
That's it.
Is that a normal name for these times?
What year is it?
You don't know?
I don't know.
Let's leave it at that.
Yeah.
My name is Shadow.
That's what my parents wanted to call me.
Sure.
Of course.
And, uh, same question.
What are you doing out here in the woods?
We're just trying to find ourselves through the earth and the moon and everything that
crawls on the earth and the moon.
All right.
Well, and what else do we got here?
He's reading off the paper again.
Oh yeah.
Do you bring anything with you?
You seem like you might've brought something with you that's not camping gear.
What with your earthly moon activities?
I just brought some like crystals so that we could find our auras.
Yeah.
All right.
And lastly, but not leastly, if you were to go missing, where would I might find you?
I probably would go in like a tree that's like taller than the one Liz was in and like
stronger, but like a tree.
Bitch.
Y'all seem to have a real nice rapport.
And for you, what is your name?
Young Liz.
Miss.
My name's Judy.
And Judy is like far too busy furiously pumping the hand sanitizer in her hand.
She's just pumping the hand sanitizer into her hand.
Like it's falling out of her hand.
Liz is just staring at her like she's just so appalled.
Awesome.
Uh, any hand sanitizer for the other two?
Absolutely not.
I prefer to be like one with the germs that want to enter my body.
My mom always said sanitize saves lives.
I agree that the saving of lives can be easily attained by sanitizing.
And I would suggest that both of you take
Ashford into the initiative that your friend here did as well in order to have clean hands.
Could we save our lives with like that machete?
I hope not.
What does that mean?
I mean, like if something is out there killing people like maybe Judy's mom,
like I'm just wondering if we could like take the machete with us.
Why would you say that?
And Judy starts like licking the hand sanitizer.
Oh my God.
Jinx.
And what is your reason for being in the woods here?
My clean and new friend.
I'm just here with my friends.
Uh, we're just camping just for normal camping reasons.
And I'm just doing whatever they are doing.
And you don't seem like one to take initiative,
but did you bring anything with you that is not also for camping?
I don't have anything except the sanitizer.
I'm sorry.
I stole it.
It's not stealing.
I will now offer it to both of your friends.
That way, you know that I would have offered it to you as well.
And if you would like more, you can have some.
Thank you.
He like puts his hand on top of it and moves it toward you.
And he's like, do you want to pump?
I don't believe in sanitation.
I sort of think that like when people are supposed to die from germs,
they should just let it happen.
I put my hand out and as he pumps, I pull my hand away and let it fall on the floor.
Okay.
I need you to roll dexterity for me.
53.
53.
53.
53 on what?
What is your dexterity?
Oh.
Yeah, that would be a 50.
Oh, that's a fail.
So right before your hand gets out of the way, quite a bit of hand sanitizer glooshes
right onto those palms.
Right onto those pinchy boys.
And you get hand sanitizer and it's like too much that you couldn't even like wipe it like together.
I turn to Judy and I'm like, Judy, hold your hand out.
Okay.
Are you gonna touch my hand with your hand?
I put some hand sanitizer in my hand, please.
Well, I was going to, but now I'm not going to.
Okay, that's totally cool.
I don't even care that much, so it's fine.
So do you rub it in?
Yeah, you know.
This is what role playing is all about.
All right, cool.
And I've got another question here for this timid one.
What is your reason for not being here?
I've already filled out that one.
He's looking at the sheet and he's like, uh, yeah, you bring anything?
No, I already wrote that down as well.
Oh yes.
If you were to be hiding in the woods somewhere, where am I to re-find you?
Probably just like on the top of my head.
Probably just like whatever tree Liz is in.
It's probably where I'd be.
Whatever tree Liz is in.
Takes him a while to write it down, but he gets it done.
And the thumbtacks with the pictures go up on the board in the non-missing section.
And he looks back up and he says,
well, I think that each of you should have an excellent day.
And, uh, yeah.
And you notice as he turns around to post the thumbtacks into the bulletin board,
you see that there's a slight trickle of blood going down the back of his neck.
And it is starting to stain the uniform that he is wearing.
Ash horn beam is looking around at the sun going down.
He's looking around at just trees surrounding him.
And then he hears a noise and looking in the direction of this noise,
you see that there's a tree that is emitting light from like a hollow point.
What are those called?
I know exactly what you're talking about.
They're like little round.
Yeah, I used to, there was one in my yard.
I used to put stuff in.
Exactly.
It's one of those.
It's like where you drop off.
It's like, put the money in the tree hole.
And, uh, with that in your mind, you think,
oh, there might be some loud money over here.
And you see that there is a bright light shining from inside this hole.
When I look around, am I in like a hollow or is it just trees all around?
Just trees all around.
Can I do a search to see if I've, is there anything else unusual around me?
Go ahead and roll.
21 on a 40.
There seems to be some sort of wire trip wire in between you and this bright light
shining tree that's making this noise.
Okay, well I'm going to make my way over to the tree, carefully avoiding the trip wire.
Carefully avoiding the trip wire and you're safe now.
That is what I do.
Stepping carefully over the trip wire.
You feel this like great sense of pride in yourself.
And I also, I turn back at the trip wire and I wink and I give it finger guns.
The camera is pointed from up from the trip wire.
That way you're looking directly into camera.
Right directly into camera.
And I go, not this time audience.
It's good.
Good.
Break the fourth wall.
It's important.
So you are on the other side and you are right near this tree and you see that this light
is emitting so brightly lit from inside the tree that you can't see what is inside this
crevasse, this wooden crevice.
But there's something inside.
There's something deep in there.
If I get like right up near it, it's not like blinding light, is it?
No.
If I get like right up near it, how big is the whole face sized?
No, it's more like a forearm sized.
Oh, okay.
Well, I think how convenient is that?
And I stick my hand into the hole and feel around up to my elbow.
You stick your hand into the hole up to your elbow.
Do I feel like the bottom or the sides of it up to my elbow?
Yes.
Okay.
And inside you feel nothing.
I'm going to sniff the hole.
Well, your forearm is currently covering all the holes, so there's no more light emitting
and your forearm seems to fit perfectly up to the elbow inside this hole.
Okay, I pull my arm out after feeling nothing or do I?
As you attempt to pull your arm out, you feel a great pain on your skin.
Up to my elbow?
All the way.
Think of it like you have your arm inside of a catfish.
I can actually vividly imagine that, yeah.
Now imagine that the whole internal insides of a catfish are razor sharp all the way down
from elbow to fingertip.
Dang, so this is like noodling but in the woods instead of the water.
Are you going to attempt to pull your arm out slowly?
Very slowly because I'm thinking like if they're like pointed in to where like
I don't hurt myself if I stay here but pulling out would be worse.
Or like a finger trap.
It is very similar to both of those ideas as you lose one hit point and the skin that
makes its way out probably a centimeter's worth is not there anymore and it is just

Completely like not scratches or anything just completely raw.
Yep.
And you realize that you are trapped.
Ash Hornbeam hasn't maybe ever felt this way before but he doesn't know what to do.
She knows
That the time has come
To dance beneath the dance beneath the shadow of the moon
She moves
With the howling wind
The sun has come again
Her eyes have seen it all
The wonders of the wonders of the shadow of the moon
