Namaste and Cthulhu photography. It's KITI city radio
But the only thing softer than the modern human body is the K in our name. I'm your host
What's up my babies, it's your daddy from another laddie
Your mister from Westminster your den leader and late-night trash bin eater wolf the dog
And I'm taking over your radio like mr. Swack hammer
So welcome to six nine four point two PTBP the city's newest and only
pirate radio station
Let's hit him right off the top with a little bit of howlin with wolf. This one comes from at tread
Underscore 26 on Twitter who tagged at pretending pod
What a beautiful thing to
Intentionally spend 30 seconds of your day to make old wolf the dog smile like that this cat at
tread
Underscore 26 sent me a hell of a tale the infamous story of 9pens
I told him the people need to dig into this written word
So he posted the story on the subreddit r slash pretending to be people
So I just wanted to give a shout-out to my good buddy Cyrus 9pens
If you're listening over there at the kitty cat lounge stay safe. I hope everyone is behaving themselves tonight
Well, I'm sure bouncing a bit easier when there isn't much clientele
Which is may I just say an excellent transition into the news?
Contention is a ghost town
The silence is eerie. I guess the disappearance has freaked people out enough to bail and take a panic vacation
I don't blame them my wolf pups. I don't at all shit was getting real spooky up in here
An FBI agent showed up and made an announcement that included the phrase the boys in blue are here for you
And now the contingent police officers are nowhere to be found
So I go out to with a love for
Contention from above came a mission to deliver the tones that will rattle your bones
It's a brand fucking new one folks. It's good zoo with no
backbone
Oh
Welcome to contention. That's that's careful. Yeah
We made it like 30 episodes well, it's still not in there contention
Also also never been said or
cunt tension
Slap that explicit sticker on
We earned it. I liked earning the explicit. Yeah, of course important
We work hard if you're a baby stop listening to this unless you want to know bad words
Yeah, and if you are a baby then listen up while Ally tells you who she is. Hey Ally. Hey, what's up?
My name is Ally Jepsen. I'm a woman
We got one. We finally got one. We got another Zach's wife. I mean, I'm a wife too to myself. Oh, that's cool
Yeah, we have an open relationship those Dennis Rodman style. Yeah, exactly. Are you also friends of North Korea?
Hey, what do you think about this?
Zach and I were talking about a good way to get the divorce rate down is to enact the Bobbitt Act of
2019, you know, like you're fighting over property, you know like
Zach gets if Zach and Taylor got divorced like Zach would get the car. Maybe maybe the house but
Taylor would get to keep sex penis, right? Oh
We think it would drive divorce rates down yeah for sure like what would she do with it though? Well, it's more of a
But then we said Zach said stub porn would
I
Mean people would get pretty into it. They'd have to well, I'm thinking with all the abortion stuff going on right now
You could easily slip this Bobbitt Act
unnoticed
You could do you could throw anything in anywhere right now. Oh
Sometimes I open my mouth and I think about what's happening
Zach is just a sexually aggressive man who can hardly keep his urges
Yeah, so I take out all that energy on this
For you the listener for just for you. Yeah, Ally
Have you ever role-played before literally never unless you can't with myself weird your wife. Yeah
Well, if it's in the marital bedroom, it's fine. That's what I always say
Nope never role-played. I'm very excited to be here. Welcome. We're excited to have you here. Yeah
We're not gonna get to plugs at any point at the end of the show
so go ahead and plug away now if you if you have anything you'd like to
Hmm. Let's see. I sell stud penises from divorcees
And where can we find you?
You can find me online at
www dot
stub peen dot
Calm
I'm surprised that wasn't taken. It wasn't well, I mean, yeah, we'll talk about that later. It's a live journal
I'm a
Comedian and a local gal pal comedy show called basement cats and we have great shows once a month in
Spring Vegas, Missouri and where's where is that compared to Springfield?
In the same place cool cool cool. It's a lifestyle. It's a state of mind. Yeah, exactly
Anywhere in particular you you move around we move around but you can find us on Instagram at basement cats with a K
Anywhere else and also Facebook and LinkedIn. Whoa. Do you really have a LinkedIn?
Because people will be looking for
A lot of our listeners we found are on LinkedIn
We get the strangest analytics for this show tell us a little bit about basement cats though, yes, please
Basement cats like I said is a all-female comedy show
We are here to give women a voice in comedy and we are a nonprofit
So we're a free show we accept donations
Which we give to a to a local girls home that assists with girls aging out of the foster care system
And we love being funny. That's awesome. Luke and I actually came to a show when we were
scouting you
Went to the one at Big Mama's. Yeah, and it was so much fun. I was it was pretty great
That was I have to say one of my least favorite really we had so you still very good another one
All right, good to know. Yep. Mm-hmm. I like the
Chowder house. Oh
That was my favorite thing of the night. It was the Chowder house is up still up and running
She does she did a corn on the cob eating contest. Yeah
Well, so she sold it to and I quote her Facebook the Peruvian
Who
Well, they they for like two weeks and then I think like now she's back there
So I don't really know how that worked out. So are her and the Peruvians in cahoots. No, they got an annulment
Yeah, yeah, this is a brief so brief marriage. Did she get their penis? Absolutely. She got their pupusas
All right, let's dive into the show
Keith Vigna you are violently holding a pillow over someone's face when the pillow itself
Transforms into an oily black ooze and it washes over the face below it not of a person
But the face of the watch your father William gave your brother Ferguson so many years ago looking down at your wrist
You see you are wearing this watch
But when you look up you do not recognize the world around you
Dust clouds settle to reveal a horse pulling a wagon through a small frontier town and the bald man
You know is Billy Harrison the one who took your uniform and gun in the clinic
He is walking in your direction and he keeps repeating. I did everything that you asked me to do officer Vigna
He holds up the strange-looking camera officer petty more found in the car of Julie Maxwell and takes a picture of you
The light is blinding and as it fades you were standing in darkness stank and chilly
Right in front of you is a massive tank filled with the now eerily too familiar opaque ooze
you press your face against the tank to see something creeping toward you and
As the face of tilde be Mitchell comes into focus you are standing in an open field
The dead grass covered in a thin freeze crunching under your feet as you approach a metal hatch
But water gross murky water with bits of grass and sludge begin spewing from the creases of this metal hatch
The water begins to flood this field at an alarming pace
You look down and see your reflection in the rippling water, but something looks off
Opening your eyes you see a bright light shining dead
Yeah, yeah shining directly down into your face and a strange silhouette looms over you as your eyes adjust
You see it is a head that is shaped like a football with spiky white hair frantically flopping atop a pointy head
She is wearing a large white lab coat and those big chunky evil scientist goggles that evil
Scientists wear this pair is wonky
However, one goggle pointing down in a way to accommodate the odd head shape of the wearer
She begins slowly tapping her long wobbly fingers against your cheekbone and jawline
But you don't feel anything
Looking around this room. You see you are in some sort of laboratory
You are strapped down on one of several operating tables. The others are currently vacant
Mounted all over one wall are different surgical looking devices some old and rusty
Saws and hammers and the like and some shiny and futuristic with long needles or strange battery packs attached and such
Another wall is covered in shelves with beakers and mason jars of different shapes and sizes
All filled with different colored liquids and body parts some eyes and fingers
But also internal organs some of which you don't even recognize
Running all throughout this room are tubes like in a mail room and they all lead to three large vats
That hang on their sides from the ceiling these tubes and vats seem to be some sort of funhouse style aquarium
with different species of fish swimming throughout this tall
lady scientist walks over to the corner of the room and
reaches behind a
humanoid figure
What is this humanoid figure look like Allie this humanoid figure?
Oops a beer can is a
male
With brown hair with blonde highlights that could easily be mistaken for frosted tips
He is wearing coral shorts a coral shirt, but a slightly different tone of coral
white crew socks and
Sperry's he also has a shell necklace around his neck and as the tall scientist reaches behind
she seems to click or flip something and
this humanoid figure
Starts to move
This is an audio podcast so you don't like my visual humor
the scientist pulls out a little remote that she has and
Walks towards the door the only door in this room and as she turns around looking at you before she leaves
she clicks this button and
both of you feel
Extreme pain shoot through your entire bodies like an electrical current that is attached to
every single nerve ending that you have it is
excruciating and torturous and then she clicks another thing and it's gone and
Then she kind of laughs
And then she walks out of the door
I
Take that in for a second, so I'm strapped down on this operating table you are
How good Oh pretty good
Help me help me
I'm a fifth of vodka in and I'm ready to go
I
Look as Keith looks around the room. He sees the humanoid figure that is started
waking up in the corner and
You see the the front pocket the frockett the dad pocket if you will on
This humanoid figure begins to wriggle. It's a polo, right? Correct. It's a polo with a frock Southern Tide
Polo and as it begins moving you see this little this little fish head pops out and
It's roughly the size of a softball. You have no idea how it fit so well inside this small pocket
but this softball sized fish head pops out and begins moving out of the pocket and you see that it's got a tiny little
human
frame body underneath the fish head, but the head is a
Bit too heavy. So as it flops out onto the lap of this humanoid figure
It's trying to lift its head up and it says hi. Oh
gosh, oh
gosh, oh
so
It's so crazy being me and it looks up at its friend this bro dressed
Humanoid figure and it says hey
Hey there
Hey there, remember me, uh, yeah fucker I remember you why you always talk to me like that
So I just don't really care for any of the language being so intense, but that's that's fine. Oh, hey
Oh my gosh
And the little fish character looks looks over at the table and says we got we got we got a friend in here
There's another friend. Oh
Oh
Hey
Yeah, we got a friend
And he hollers out and he says hey hey friend I look over at him but I
Right now i'm a little too concerned with making new friends. Am I still in my underwear or am I clothed?
I I died in my under or I almost died
I died in my underwear
You died in your underwear you woke in your underwear and it's weird as you move your head around you realize
That you can't move your limbs your legs and your arms are like am I paralyzed or just tied down? It feels
Paralytic in nature. Okay. Hey friend. What's your name? I'm keith vigna contention police department
Hi keith vigna pollution police department. I am uh, I I i'm i'm wondering have you ever been on the outside?
Outside of this room. Yeah
Yeah, I have only recently been inside of this room. Oh welcome. It's a room
It's uh, there's a lot going on here. Are you are you from here? Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Where are we?
Oh, I am in the room and so are you that's where i'm from and this is a very good room
This is my friend
His name's brett and he's a bit mean but that's okay. Hey brett. Uh, sup biatch
No homo, but looks like you're pretty fucking tied up right now. You see what I mean?
Yeah, I already don't like this guy. You're you seem
young
and you're a
Fish i'm not a fish. I'm a me and i've always been this way and it's okay
I I may not be like all my other friends, but that's that's fine
Do you know the the scientist lady that just left the room? Oh mean laid mean mean laid mean tits, too
I'm not a sexual being by nature. But yeah, she's got some pretty mean tits
Can you get me out of it here? Can you do you?
Help me. Can you help me? Oh, yeah for sure. Um, what do you mean though?
Like like get me off this table. I can get you off for sure
I don't know if you know what that you just said. I'm not
He's not a sexual being
No, brett brett kids. I'm not a sexual being in a through but I can I can help probably and the the fish like
It's not necessarily a fish, but it's more so just like this. Uh, this head, uh with like
Uh with like yeah, but like those crazy like human teeth like one of those fish with the like human teeth all in it
It's a big smile
But this tiny like full naked human body underneath what is uh, what's the song that billy bass sings?
The wall-mounted fish and put those old records on the shelf. Is that what it is? I don't know. I have no idea
But I appreciate it. Yeah
If you can't hook me then i'll hook myself
Okay
Okay, um, thank you for that
You know what?
Hearing a little bob seeker peps keith up a little bit. Yeah, I still can't move though
So i'm like, hey if there's anything you can do to help me right now
Like we I can I can get you to the outside if you can help me out. Oh my god, bret
Did you hear that?
Uh, do you think there's like for real life beer pong on the outside?
Not just that we have to pretend in our own minds
We pretend in our own minds all the time, but brett always wins I get so
Wasted from beer pong in my mind if you guys can help me out. I can I will buy you a beer pong table
I'll buy you i'll buy you i'll buy you keg a keystone
And I will call the delta zetas because they're the easy daisies and we can have a party
could you call the chai frappuccinos because like i've
Always dreamt of being in the chai frappuccinos the chai frappuccinos know how to party shit
Yeah, I knew it when I went to when I went to a police academy in the city
I actually was a chai frappe. Are you fucking kidding me right now? We're frat bros right now. We're frat bros
Oh, you gotta help me though. I can't deliver any of these but i'm hard
Does that mean that you're gonna where that we're all gonna be frat bros together?
You can be an honor honorary inductee into chai frappe if you just fucking help me
Oh
And as this conversation carries on for god knows how long
The door opens again and a young girl comes bouncing into the room keith
You recognize this girl as your niece
Francis beans, I look at her and i'm like fuck
you
And uh francis beans is wearing a t-shirt that says
Easy-deezy on it the front of it and she's wearing sophies. Is that what they were called? Yeah. Yeah, she's wearing sophies and like
What would be the what would be the shoe wear that would go along with this?
It would be pink yeezys pink yeezys and she comes
bounding into a fuck you from her uncle keith vigna and she says
oh my
God brat, you're like
Up that's so crazy right now. Uh, what's up? Uh, how old are you man? Are you like this is a girl?
I call everyone man
Because there are no women in my eyes
I've got a weird weird complex going on here. Yeah women suck. They don't even exist
Can't respect something that exists
Wait, how old is said niece?
She like does that thing where she tilts her ponytail to one side and like bounces it with her palm
Old enough to know better than getting with a guy like you brat you fucking loser. Okay, so where were we?
Um keith you're in a bit of a predicament right now, aren't you?
Yeah, I mean all thanks to you pretty much. Yeah 100
100% like you don't even know what's happening. It's so crazy. Do you want to see a mirror?
And she pulls uh, she pulls a mirror out of her ass crack and holds it up
to your face
You actually you see a couple uh surgical lines
Uh cross your brow and then down one side of your nose and then across down to your lip and then it moves
Uh down your chin kind of down to your collarbone and stops
And she's like
Let's get into the mechanics of how this has changed keith vigna as a character
Like in my mind i'm like what the fuck is she talking about?
So basically what we want to get into here is this is uh
This is a new part of the show that we're diving into where we're going to add in some pulp cthulhu
Mods to these characters for what they've been through and what's happening. So
Luke do you want to explain what happened starting from uh, your new talents that you got from the pulp cthulhu rulebook
I'm sure zack will explain how this happened. But keith has a variant of iron liver. We'll call it iron
septum
And francis, uh explained she's like
Okay, so like I know you can't move right now because she's got you on off
But and she grabs your hand and she lifts it for you and you see this like
Surgical scar going down your index fingertip from the tip of your finger
Down to about like the pit of your bow the pit of your elbow. Yeah
Yeah, so when we were running all like the tests basically on you to like save your life because you were dead
We saw that you had like an abnormal amount of cocaine in your system
And we decided that that was probably necessary in order to keep you going aka also
Invariably and indubitably we want to keep you on working for the glass corp our family
We think that you could be like a pretty solid asset for us
And so we want to make sure you're cooked the fuck out whenever you want it
So basically any time you need to like perk up?
Just shove that index finger right up in that schnoz of yours
And we've loaded up cartridges of cocaine into your hand and your wrist going up to your elbow
So there's like a lot of cocaine in there
Which basically means in game you can spend 10 luck to refill your willpower points to full hell
Yeah
Ali, you know what I mean?
No homo, but stick that finger in my nose
And you also picked up another uh, can I boof it?
You can like shove that finger technically wherever you want and then she winks and she's like wait, you're my uncle
That's nasty. Anywho, I need to stay off porn hub
It's what everyone's into now
So you also took hardened. Yes, uh, which means that you will ignore sanity loss from violence and death from here on out
Do you want to explain why you took that you fucking lunatic?
Yeah, uh, well it's because after they did that surgery for the coke arm
Uh, they also cut out the like empathy part of my brain
So I no longer really have empathy for uh other people
So violence to other people does not affect me at all. Awesome
We had talked about you hitting your breaking point in this past day
And how you would have a new disorder when you woke up i'm going to consider this
Uh waking up for you. And so there is a new disorder that you have
If you roll sanity and you fail, but the role that you rolled would also fail on a power check
You're going to lose control of your character and just become super aggressive to anyone
Who is around you basically because you are going to think that they know what happened to you
All right, and i'm gonna do that and not tell anyone about it. Yes. Yeah
I don't remember what my other disorders were. I you need to lie a lot. Yes, absolutely
and we have uh, i've lied a little bit absolutely i've uh, just
Mostly not said that the truth the truth exactly. Yeah, you know, it's a different kind of lying
Francis is standing over. It's like when someone's like when's the last time you ate rbs? I'm like, I don't remember
middle school probably and
As your mind wanders back to last wednesday
Afternoon in your bathtub. I yelled at this 16 year old at harvey's i'm like there's not enough cheese on this
I ordered six roast beef and cheese sandwiches and there's only five in the bag high schooler
Let me talk to your 18 year old manager
I require cheddar
Okay, so like I understand that you require cheddar and I promised you a million dollars for killing your brother
And we're gonna take care of that because marvin glass takes care of
Everyone that he cares for and you're a part of our little family now
well, i'm
Was also part of I am a part of your you are a part of my family
No, that's like not even my family anymore like ferguson was maybe the worst father that's ever existed
I got out of there real quick. I'm so
Ready for a life. That is my own
Keith thinks about that for a second goes
I think we're a lot alike then
And I I flash back real quick to
that night where I orchestrated her father's murder and then I snipped back in and i'm
Kind of on board with his whole glass family thing. She sees the turn in your eyes and she's like, okay
so your body is basically a bit different now and she like
Knocks like a door like she knocks on your head on one side of your head and you feel nothing
And she's like, yeah, so you're like metal
Like basically a lot of you is metal because you are super fucking dead and I brought you back
Into this world and i'm
so excited to one day maybe take you out of it if it comes to that but maybe it won't anyway, so like
I'm, just so excited to have you with us because you seem really easy to manipulate. But anyway, um, we're gonna
Need you to get acquainted more so like with your body and stuff
And she looks over at brett and she's like brett
Are you capable of getting keith ready to be in this new body that he has? Oh, I can tell you all about your body
Mainly the lower parts
My favorite part of the body like the calves are like knees maybe no above
above it
Keith like looks down and then looks back up at brendan goes
No, homo no homo man, but I i'm so stoked to tell you about your new dick
Keith just closes his eyes and waits for someone to just let him get up
Yeah, i'm i'm resigned to whatever this is right now
So francis pulls a remote very similar to the remote that the scientists pulled out earlier
And she says well in order to do that. I guess you're gonna be able to need to move your body
And uh, she's like i'll be back in a little bit. Maybe just like test it out and like
see what you're capable of I guess and um
Yeah, i'll be back shortly and she grabs the remote and clicks a button and you immediately feel
Through your entire body that you have control over what what's happening and she um, she's like brett you got his restraints, right?
Like as she's walking out the door and then she closes the door behind her before i'm unrestrained
I like, you know kind of move my body and I can feel that my left hand that has the uh, coke dispenser
Yeah
When I like raise up my right arm is like pretty constricted
But my left arm like goes a little farther than it would have nice. I need you to change your character sheet to a full
Willpower and full hit points as the surgery that has been performed on you
Has given you a new lease on life
okey-dokey
Brett
Brett we got one. Okay, so check this out
So i'm pretty sure that you know how we were talking to him earlier about maybe like letting him like bring us into like
The world where we could actually yeah where we could see the world. I thought it'd be fun if maybe um
If we like got him to help us
Go see the the rest of the world like go go out and explore dude
Do you think he would like take us to vegas? Maybe what's a vegas vegas? Okay, listen
I like saw it in like this one youtube video that I saw when that doctor lady is watching youtube videos about how
To turn someone into a robot I saw on this ad
Where there's this one place where you can go and you have like money and you gamble it and there's like
Women there also that sounds so extraordinary. Yeah, like I know you're not a sexual person
But like women are there wait, what's the one like, what do you mean?
Okay, so like me, you know have like the hugest dick on the planet. Yeah, i've seen it. It's like it's like
So huge it's like the size of my entire body a prize no, no, dude, it's like way bigger than that
You're forgetting you're forgetting because of your forgetness you're forgetting that but you can't go there and and women they just like
Flock to your dick like they love it
Like that's what I heard on that one ad that in vegas. There are women there that love it so we could go there
Maybe he could take us keith keith keith
Keith will you take us to vegas if that's what you want? I mean i've never been but what it seems like
Trash, you've been allowed to go out into the world this whole time and you've never been to this magical place
Where the women want to flock upon your dick fucking kidding me, man
I could peg you as more of like a miami guy you can peg me if you want
But that's I mean i'm not a sexual creature
You know what?
Let's get the fuck out of here. I will take you anywhere you want to go. We can go to freaking
Yeah, we'll go to vegas. Okay. Okay, cool. And uh, so the fish, uh, so the fish, uh, the creature
Begins like wobbling. I want you to picture this
Five inch tall body. I'm thinking like, uh, what was like sid from toy story
I'm, imagining like one of those toys that is just like all fucked up. It's horrifying looking
Yeah, it's totally like kin barbie doll with the head replaced by a softball sized fish head
Yeah, that's absolutely what it looks like
and uh
He's like
Wobbling toward the table and he's like brat brat. I don't think i'm gonna make it in time
It's taking me so long to walk over here
Dude, you gotta like try to walk faster man. Can I be in your frocket?
I just really hate it when you're in my frocket because it really just tickles my mantis and it's really uncomfortable
Hey, if you guys get over here and let me out. I will carry you. What is your name? My name? I don't
I've never been given a name
What's my name? Oh my god, what's my name? I mean, I just always call him bro, dude
Your name is peter deeter peter deeter
That's a word I can say. Hey peter get over here
One of you guys just let me up. You can write on my shoulder. You can write in mine
All right, fine. I'll bring the fucking frocket so we can get over there and get a vegas. Okay, thank you
Put him put me on his shoulder. All right. All right
Here you go. So brett walks over and unlatches your restraints I get up I go grab peter
And I sit him on my shoulder. Oh my god. This is so great. Thank you so much for giving me a name
I've never been a peter before i'm gonna give you something to say just
To kind of like lighten the spirit in the room a little bit. I'm a bit dark in here
Could you say peter wants a cracker peter wants a cracker?
Here we go. Okay, uh, so I get up i've got peter on my shoulder
So in this room there's a bunch of like tanks, yeah, they're hanging above you there's three of them they're like hanging sideways
Yeah, other than that though, is there anything like uh that I can reach that is of any interest
I mean you said there's like body parts like preserved sure and stuff but surgical tools on another wall
I
Just see his eyes light up
Said surgical tools. He's like, uh
Uh, well, I mean, I guess i'm not gonna have to fight my way out of here because i'm you're with the best of the best
Yeah, do I see any like, uh, like lockers with perhaps like some uh,
Clothing in them like like laboratory clothes. That's a fun question. Go ahead and roll search for me
A search I rolled a 64
On a 60 on a 40 on a 40
Uh looking around you find a locker
inside
There is another change of clothes for brett
Uh brett, what is your uh secondary or alternative colors?
My secondary colors is very very similar to my first outfit still a polo
And shorts that are made of some sort of material that's like wet cardboard
Uh, but these the shorts are actually a light blue maybe a teal and the top
Is an orange color so I I throw on this, uh, like a very light orange color
Oh my god, daddy, you're gonna look so good. Oh, do not call me that do not call me that
I I but you named me you're my daddy. I pick up peter and I set him on top of the locker. Thank you
I put on the the polo
Uh the orange polo it is way way too tight for my upper torso
It's just right and then I put on the the teal shorts
And they are like three sizes too big
And so I I look around and um, uh, there's a pair of spareys in the the bottom
Thank god for that. There's a pair of spareys in the bottom. I take the uh, like
Shoelaces out of the spareys I slip the spareys on and I make a makeshift belt out of the uh shoelaces for keith
So keith is now wearing a two sizes too small polo
Yeah, three sizes too big pants and some loose spareys. Yeah suits you so no no socks though because
Why would I what if you get the sweats?
Yeah keith what if you get the sweat well then they'll be sticky and they'll stick to my feet tight
It's gonna smell so good
Do you guys ever have that thing happen where your feet are sweating so much that there's like a like almost like a creamy residue
Oh, yeah on the bun. Yeah
When I write well moving on never felt hotter in that moment
So yeah, uh, so the three, uh, what were you guys called again the um, oh, yeah
Try frappuccino try fraps try fraps the trifra. Oh wait, we need to do. Uh, okay, so I picked peter back up
I set him in between me and bret and uh, I look at bret i'm like we need to induct him into chai frappe
we're two brothers bret and I we we make the hand symbol which is uh,
Like as if you're cupping a coffee cup sure and then you as if you're you know, sucking
Uh a straw like oh a straw
And then
And you we fake spit the chai frappe on to peter
And he is now an honorary inductee of the chai frappe fraternity. Thank you guys. Thelma. Welcome chode
Yeah, dude, we gotta haze him now. Oh, i've always wanted to do this. I'm gonna get hazed
yeah, I I pick peter up and I go over to one of the
Jars that holds preserved human parts. Sure
Which which jar did I pick bret that jar has a huge dick in it
Yeah, it it's it's it's labeled bobbit act of 2019 perfect
And I dunk peter in there. Uh-huh
Oh, wait, i'm, uh, i'm a fish I can oh, yeah, okay. Yeah. No, this is
This is weird that I can talk in here. But also at the same time it's like wow
Oh being this close to one of these monsters, right?
Yeah, too bad. It's not as big as mine. Yeah. Well, it probably wouldn't fit in this mason jar. You're fucking right
We need a five gallon pail. That's cool, bro. Like hey if we don't leave now, I bet we're all gonna get caught
Yeah, so part of your hazing is you have to stay in here. So I grab the jar and i'm carrying the jar
Me
Peter is putting his little fish head over the top
His body is in the preservatives with the penis, but his head is just hanging out perfect and uh, peter starts moving his bottom legs
Around and and he like picks up the uh, bobbited penis from the bottom of the jar
And like lifts it with his feet up into the position where it looks like it's his
I'm a sexual queeter
And we leave this room finally, yeah, we we we walk out the only exit
Walking out you walk into a hallway that is made completely out of black marble
The floor the walls and the ceiling it is almost disorienting walking out into it and as your eyes adjust
You notice that there are two doors in this hallway
Are they just like uh side by side or they like one on the left one on the right?
Let's go one on the left one on the right. Have either of you ever been out of that room before?
Nope, no, um chai flaps forever. Yeah for life
Okay, let's go to the left one. I'm I lead the way. You know what I I hand the uh jar
Uh, yeah, let me take that for a minute I I hand the penis a peter jar, uh, just the peter jar
I think just peter jar the peter jar. I hand it over to bret. I'm like, hey, hold on to this peter squared
Wow, this jar is so light because how small the stick is compared to mine
I turn the knob to the door on the left and
Open it up. Oh, so there's actually no, uh, just push just yeah, it's a push. It's a push door. I push it open then
No, it's actually a pole, uh, so no actually I was here yesterday it goes both ways
And then you slowly
I just pushed my shoulder into it and i'm like looking back at them. I'm like, yeah
It's one of the best sketches i've ever seen
Oh my god
Okay, as you walk through this doorway you see another hallway and at the end of this hallway is a 10 by 10
slab of black marble and four guards two on either side of the enormous and strange door that
Slowly slides open as you approach
And these guards are in full brown jumpsuits and they each have a large scythe strapped to their backs
And the blade of each scythe is shaped like an enormous fish hook a closer look reveals these men have
Unnatural
Matching faces their eyes are far apart almost on either side of their face
Their noses do not jut out but are rather just two slits above their two wide
Thick-lipped mouths and they have a few flaps on either side of their necks
They look eerily similar to peter deeter. Hey peter speak your language of these guys
Is
And the guards
You got a pretty pretty star wars
I like star wars
Do you practice that just by sticking your face in your shower head and just like well
No, uh zack actually has that written down on his computer right in front of him
He's like if they take a left and they ask you to do this
And uh as as peter says that the uh, the guards begin marching toward you
And peter looks up and he goes I I don't think what did you say to them?
I just I just said that uh, we're the chai flap
Motherfuckers and we're here to take you the fuck out because we're getting out of this place
Okay, tell them now that we are experiments and we're if you touch us you're going to get the same disease we have
Oh
And the guards do not cease
Okay, I turn around and i'm like let's go to the other door and I run out and I press the door on the right
Open, oh you push. I think you're supposed to pull it
I however to get the fucking door open. I do that very quickly while these guys are walking at us
and as you go through that door you hear the
wonderful
stellar tones of
Oh my
God
When I said that you could like move about and figure out like what was going on. I didn't get the fuck
Oh my god
Okay
We're going to see marvin right now and francis like pushes you back in to the door like in the hallway
you were coming from and the guards are like right up on the other side and they're bumping into you and they just kind of
Heard you toward like they they they surround you and begin walking you down this long hallway back to where we came or
No
No, you're going toward the door
You haven't been in the guards were guarding before I look at them like I was gonna go here anyway
And you walk through as this, um, this giant slab of black marvel
movies
Moves out of your way
and
And uh you walk through
The doorway and inside you see the room and it is the size of a basketball court and to your left
One of the long walls is entirely made of glass
Get it
There is a murky greenish water on the other side like an aquarium of staggering proportions
And marvin glass stands there arms folded behind his back staring into the cloudy water
So
Marvin glass stands there. You've seen him once before he has a massive frame, but it is completely gone
There's no muscle or fat and you can imagine just skin stretched across these long bones
And uh marvin's dressed in a fitted black tuxedo
He turns around the skin on his chin is almost translucent
There's no hair not even a slight shadow of facial hair can be seen on either side of two thin bright red lips
Actually, not really lips at all
Just candy red lipstick
Messily encircling a round hole above the sharp see-through chin
And the orifice begins to move
Hello keith
Marvin
Francis
If you wouldn't mind, I don't think I trust him right now
And francis pulls that remote out of her pocket and clicks a button
And brett and keith you both freeze fuck
Just your limbs like your body from the neck down completely paralyzed, but we're still standing. Yep
I was worried about the penis jar
Oh, yeah, no, yeah. No, it's it's still being held strong. Yeah
keith
I would like to offer you
your future
I believe that francis has already prepped you on some slight details
Of your new form. I want to just say thank you and in order for me to say thank you to you
marvin walks
Extremely quickly like you see his form just walking but in the blink of an eye
He is across the room and he presses into this square on the wall and a panel opens and it reveals
One million dollars in cash and he points at it
Keith you have earned this money you have and I want to give it to you
But I am afraid of what giving a man like you one million dollars could do for our relationship
Now
I'm still willing to part with this money, but the surgery that we gave you was
Quite expensive so I will require one more deed
In order for you to pay off this surgery. I need you to do something for me. Are you willing?
To do something for me. I look at the million dollars and in keith's mind
I've already had that realization of I was dead. They've brought me back
I realized that i've got that cocaine arm and it seemed a little more powerful than I was before and I feel
Very different so I look at the million dollars
And I look at marvin
Who what is it?
In order for me to even tell you I need you to show
Your loyalty to me
and he gestures
to brett
But more specifically the jar that brett is holding
and francis
Walks through and grabs peter out of the jar
Oh, oh, thank you so much. Mommy. I'm just so glad that I could be here for anything. Oh, bye. Dad. Bye. Dad
Bye dad and she walks over to the extremely large
aquarium
Where marvin is now standing?
And she hands peter to marvin
some things must
be
sacrificed
And he whispers under his breath and you see this bright light inside of the orifice
Above his chin and the light kind of comes out onto his hand
And he grabs peter and he reaches through the wall of the aquarium
and releases
And then pulls his arm back out through the glass wall of the aquarium and you see that on the other side
In this murky water is now swimming about peter deeter and all of the sudden this
Massive creature that looks almost exactly like the guards that were outside
Except four times bigger swims into focus and swallows
Peter deeter hole before swimming back into the darkness of the aquarium
Marvin looks back over you
Uh, let's let's take it one more perhaps and francis beans walks over to brett
And just starts taking him apart from behind
Piece by piece falling off metal hitting the floor scraps falling by the wayside
All that's left is brett's head human looking head frosted tips akimbo sitting on the floor
and with one final breath brett says do it man
Do you even know how much natty light you could buy with a million fucking dollars?
Marvin is immediately back on the other side of the room. He presses into another panel reveals
Keith's small but powerful gun the odd camera with the glass tubes all around it
And the odd gun with the strange tubes surrounding it
And he grabs the tiny powerful pistol that you found in a plus storage in contention
And he walks it over to you and he holds it out
you
belong to me
I will send you off to the cemetery
There is a funeral happening for your former co-worker
ari manstein
Her father will be there
Stan manstein is rarely in public. We need to take this opportunity
To take him
I would like you to bring him back to me
for further questioning
Is there anything I can do for you
Do you like a specific car body armor weapons? Do you need a disguise?
Would you like francis to come along with you?
Is that too many questions all at once?
I look at him still paralyzed. Yep. I look over brett. I say i'm sorry, but pour one out for you
I look back over at marvin. I say if I get that million dollars i'm indebted to you already i'll go to loan
Just like this
So
How am I the only one trying to
Heaven
Yes
You
