Peace and blessings to all of our listeners here on KITI City Radio, where the only thing
softer than my chin is the K in our name.
I'm your host, Steve N. Smith, filling in for Gary Fazier for the foreseeable future.
Let us slide right into what is, personally, to me, my favorite segment, in my opinion,
within the show.
It's time for, Hey There Steve, where listeners here in the city can send in thoughts and
opinions to be read by me, your host, now and forever, Steve N. Smith.
Steve N. Smith, your host.
This listener has been all over the internet advocating for pretending to be people, a
show that is near and dear to my heart.
T Badger writes, Hey there Steve, are your goods secured?
Call Volta Nira Services for all your containment needs, impenetrable biometrics, lead lining,
Faraday cages, quantum field generation, temporal shift modulation, you name it and we can produce
it sometimes right out of thin air, servicing the greater midwest, deep south, pacific rim
and Iceland, ranging from inconspicuous handheld vault bags to massive subterranean bunker
vaults, garage storage units integrated seamlessly into the landscape, all major credit cards
accepted as well as blood packed or essential salt consignment.
Our product is not as fragile as glass, don't be left unguarded and trust your reality shattering
security needs to Volta Nira.
Limited liability corporation not responsible for any of the following, hauntings, disintegration,
mental breaks, second sight, time shifts, time loops, cryptid sighting, UFO activity,
lycanthropy, robotic uprising, insect arachnid sentients, mesothelioma, opium haze, madness,
diabetes, missing organs, spontaneous regeneration or various other maladies, ngep, nganthog,
glaafwe lyahe aat nifgog, saath hanafn.
Wow, yes, thank you for all of that.
You too could write up something to be read on.
Hey there Steve, just tag at pretending pod on twitter or in an instagram story or tag
the show on facebook or write up a five star review and email us at pretendingpod at gmail.com.
You can support us and keep this show on the air at patreon.com slash pretending pod.
There's a link in the show notes.
If you can't support us financially we would so deeply appreciate a review on the sinking
ship of itunes or tell a friend about the show or self pretend to cow the snow.
More bells attend than bow and go.
I am pleased as punch and I have a hunch you will stop, drop, and roll for House Fire by
Someone Still Loves You, Boris Yeltsin.
Hi, my little friend is full of
peanuts and jelly.
They always are making good snack taste period.
I think we nailed it.
Question mark?
All right, welcome to pretending to be people.
I feel bad now.
Yeah, well, that's Justin.
Hi.
Yeah, Justin's here for this episode.
We've got Thomas here as well.
Hi.
And things are a bit off the rails here, part of this show, so we're going to see what happens.
Okay, so should we talk about the fact that this is the first time we've recorded an actual
playing session in nearly six months?
I guess we should.
It's been nearly six months since we've recorded an actual session of us playing.
Yeah, the last thing that happened to us was the events of episode 28, I think, or
27?
27, 28 was the Q&A.
Gotcha, yeah.
So we haven't recorded anything since late last year, so we're getting back into it.
We're getting back in the swing of things.
This is the first time you'll hear an episode that we recorded recently.
Yeah, so hopefully our-
It's all the Red Dead Redemption talk in the last episode.
Yeah, hopefully our references are more up to date from here on out.
But we're excited to be back.
The response to the podcast so far has been overwhelming and flattering.
It's made our knees weak.
Yeah.
Justin, has it made your knees weak?
Maybe.
Maybe.
Well, it's made my knees weak, Zach.
No ifs, ands, or maybes about it.
Maybe and, all right.
No but.
I think we should hop right in.
I think we're at a pretty intense situation right now, so let's dive into it.
John Lee Pettymore IV.
This massive room reeks of blood and piss and other bodily fluids.
The pervasive music as well as the thunderous jeering and overall debaucherous crowd noises
have died off, leaving only silence in this cavernous chamber.
Looking down, you see the limp, lifeless body of Keith Vigna.
His jaw is broken off and hanging loosely below a shattered cheekbone that has allowed
one of his eyes to dangle gently off the side of his expressionless face, almost reaching
the blood-soaked concrete floor.
Yeah, so Pettymore stifles some vomit when he sees that, and he takes a moment and he
says, Keith, I know we had our differences, but you didn't deserve to have your jaw ripped
off in your eye, took out, no matter what you did to my smokies.
And I close his remaining eye and move on.
Across the room, you see an inert Clark Bishop slumped halfway out of his broken metal cage.
One of the bars seems to have snapped off into Clark's sternum, and it's a real chest-specific
Phineas Gage situation, what with the bar going in one side and clear out the other.
The bar is kind of propping up Clark's corpse, which is staring across the room at you, cold
and unblinking.
Oh Clark, you were the only one of us worth a damn.
I'm sorry, friend.
The crowd that filled this room moments before has rushed out the only exit, the double doors
on the same wall as the bar, but you see the last two bloodthirsty patrons trying to stealthily
exit the room by creeping together along the wall.
Justin, what does your fellow look like?
In my mind, I have weird, slightly overweight, but just the belly, maybe has a little vest,
like the penguin suit kind of thing going on.
Absolutely.
And what did you say, like an ascot?
Is that like the necktie thing?
Ascot seems good, yeah.
Yeah, like an ascot and a really ill-fitting suit that's like, everything's just a little
too tight.
It looks very uncomfortable.
Does it fit poorly or does it fit ill?
Both.
He, yeah, like too tight of pants.
Oh, that's an ill-fitting suit, dude.
Bro.
Sick.
Fucking sick ass penguin suit.
That's too tight.
And next to that guy is a man dressed very, very similarly who looks very similar, but
the colors that he's wearing are inverted of yours.
That's the way to do it.
That's how twins do it.
That's how twins do it.
And we both have blood just pouring down our mouths onto our cheeks.
Delicious.
We're like looking at it as we're like sliding around the wall, like trying to get away,
trying to just sneak past this one standing person.
John Lee Pettymore points at them and he says, you hold it right there, you blood-eating
sons of bitches.
Oh, and you've got Keith's tiny but powerful gun in your hands.
Pointed right, the noise of cricket pointed right at him.
I mean, I'm scared.
I'm horrified, always horrified.
Even without the gun, I would have been...
Oh my.
I want to approach him and conk their heads together cartoonishly.
Upon doing so, the two sit cross-legged staring up at you.
My good sir, what do you want from us?
We're just trying to leave.
Leave what?
What the hell is going on here?
The greatest party that you've ever seen, have you not?
It wasn't so great from the cages.
Now, one good cop and one other man is dead.
And I want some fucking answers.
Why are we here?
Why were you drinking our blood?
What is this?
Oh, how could you not be partaking in this delicious juice?
Yes, do you want some?
Come right down.
There's plenty on the floor for all.
I conk their heads together again.
I don't want none of your damn people juice.
I want answers.
You best start talking immediately.
Well, I mean obviously you're in Marvin Glass's den of sin.
Yeah, why do you drink the blood?
Why wouldn't you?
It's delightful life-giving powers.
It tastes good and it makes us feel better on the inside.
I don't know why you're kink-shaming me here.
I'm just wanting to drink some boy juice.
Now listen, John Lee Pettymore is a sexually awake creature and he understands that the
spectrum of human pleasure is broad.
But the second it becomes a problem is when you, without consent, start drinking, minding
my partner's blood.
Well, you guys seem to be useless people.
You definitely whipped your dick out and tried to piss on me.
Yes.
It seemed like you were a willing participant.
Now who's kink-shaming?
If you would like to do that again, please.
Yes, we would quite enjoy it.
I would actually like to pee all over E2 right now, but my dick is broken.
I don't think I could pee.
Yeah.
Okay, conk.
How are you so blissfully unaware of everything that's happening here in the city?
Well, I come from a town where some pretty fucked up shit has been going on.
Oh, you're not from here.
Oh, he's not from here.
No, I'm not from here.
Rich, did you hear that?
He's not from here.
Rich.
It sounds like y'all want me to ask you what your names are.
Well, it's awfully rude of you to clonk our heads so many times without asking us what
our names are.
All right, what are your names?
Well, I am Rich.
And I'm Richard Nichols.
Dick Nichols.
Dick Nichols and Rich Nichols at your service.
I conk their heads together.
All right, now that we've been properly introduced.
What's your name?
My name is none of your goddamn business.
Where do you hail from, stranger that pisses on other strangers?
Contention.
That's a-
Why do you- what's that evil laugh for?
Well, we don't hear stories of contention.
What have you heard?
No, just that the police force there might be the most inept in all of the land.
That part might be true.
Not really.
Why does Marvin Glass hate you so much?
That part, well, because he took a bunch of his money and drugs.
Oh, I wouldn't do that if I were you.
No, that's a rude thing to do.
We didn't know.
Marvin-
Well, okay, so I've- I mean, like, I found the drugs, right?
I just found them sitting there, so I sold them.
That's Finders Keepers.
I don't know why he can be so mad about that.
I don't know.
Are they his drugs?
No, because somebody had stolen them from him.
I don't follow.
Well, so, like, there were two steps removed from Marvin.
Also, it's drugs, man.
Like-
Rich, does that seem enough steps removed for you?
I'm very curious about this Finders Keepers rule you bring up.
I tend to be a Keepers Keepers sort of man myself.
I think Rich is agreeing with you.
If you keep it, it's yours.
I didn't.
I sold it.
That's why Marvin's so mad.
Keith, my dead friend, see the eyeball dude over there?
Oh, it's delectable.
Oh my.
Erotic.
Yes, it was.
Okay, I conk him.
Can we go now, please?
No.
You've got- you've got many conkings ahead of you yet, weird little fuckers.
Okay, I see- I can see you like that, so- listen, what the- what do you two do in the
city?
Oh, we're security advisors.
In fact-
We're the best of the best, I would say, brother.
We are the best of the best.
The best of the best.
So much that the greatest man in the city, Marvin Glass, hired us to create the security
for this entire denizen.
Since all the denizens of this palace of horror and sin have fled and terror, many are dead,
and the prisoners, me, have escaped, it doesn't seem like you are the best of the best.
Also, you're being held at gunpoint right now.
Yeah, that's a fair point.
That's a good point.
He makes a good point.
How secure is this place?
I guess not very secure.
Can you protect us?
Maybe.
Please?
Listen.
Oh, pretty please, stranger.
We know how to use the security system in this place, and we could get you out of here.
And we may love watching death, but we are, how do you say, not into dying.
Alright, well, first of all, it's gonna cost you.
How much?
Five million dollars.
What?
That's such a large number.
Rich, do we have that much money?
I don't think so, brother.
But I do wish so.
Tell you what, if we-
Wait, wait, hold on.
You guys got the contract to install security throughout this entire supervillain's lair.
You're dressed like millionaires with a bunch of other rich people literally lapping up
the blood of commoners.
And you're telling me you don't have money?
No, we have money.
It's tied up, it's not liquid.
You wouldn't understand.
I happen to be a man of means myself.
I might understand more than you think.
Interesting.
So you propose that you kill us, and then you die here, or we help you escape, and you
pay us lots of money?
No.
Hmmmm.
No, that's not, that's not, you're not listening.
I propose-
I think we know exactly what's going on here.
I propose that you pay me-
For what?
To not kill you.
Oh.
Oh.
No, go ahead.
I don't care.
Do you want to get out of here alive?
We have the ability to make that happen.
It's not a strong negotiating tactic to give up what you want, so I think I don't care
either.
Okay.
I'm gonna shoot you in the knee now.
And then I shoot you in the knee.
Oh no, brother!
Oh my, can you see it?
Conk.
He's like licking at his knee.
I conk you so you can't lick your own blood.
Oh, let me get in there, brother.
Please, get that tongue inside me.
Let's move on.
Yeah, I don't know-
My knee hurts, god damn.
But we still can help you out of here if you're willing to part with some of your apparent
money.
No, I mean, I can probably get out.
I'd help you guys not die though, if you pay me.
That's pretty much my offer.
Okay, sounds good.
We'll give it to you later.
Yes, we pinkies will.
Do you hold out your pinkies, eh?
No.
Butt.
I hold out my butt.
We put our pinkies in your butt.
All right.
It's a deal.
Gentlemen's cake.
Now we've sworn the old-fashioned way.
All right, five million dollars.
That's what that stinky finger promises.
Good lord, man.
Hearing a voice near Clark Bishop's shish-kabobed corpse, you look over and see a hunched man
wearing an old tattered robe with a hood that covers his face.
The voice is crackly and muttering something ancient and jaunty.
A bright light begins to form under the hood that is obfuscating this being's face.
As it reaches its hands into the light, the hood is drawn back, and this old man rips
an unnaturally bright light out of his familiar face.
A much older Clark Bishop takes his beaming hands and reaches deep into the chest of the
Clark Bishop you've known before yanking out the bar and throwing his younger self's body
over his shoulder.
Before you can act, in a flash the length of a blink, both Clark Bishops are gone.
Roll sanity.
93.
Whoo!
Go ahead and lose one.
What's that put you at?
23.
Whoo!
You are going down.
Okay, and my breaking point is 20.
Oh my god, brother, that was so interesting.
That was one of the stranger things I've ever seen.
Was that your, what, did your, your man friend just disappear with another man?
He's not my man friend, he's my friend man, and again, I think that an old man and a dead
man can just both sneak out of here.
That they did.
Dog shit at your jobs, guys.
The security here is non-existent.
We've agreed that maybe we could have done a little bit more.
Maybe we would have made more money.
That's true, delicious money.
Did you mention that you were from Contention?
I did.
What you been hearing about Contention?
Well we do know one man from Contention, I heard tell.
He was a, god, he was such a lush, he came in, he was trying to get into the VIP section
here one night.
They just don't let anyone in there.
No, and he was this dumb, small looking man.
I mean, he was like balding and round and I believe, Kevin, what was his name?
I can't remember.
Anyway, he said that he worked for the government.
I was here, I was pretty lit, weren't we, Rich?
That is always my dear brother.
And we were, I mean, just on the verge of it, right?
And he starts talking about how he's been in a coma, whoop-de-doo for him.
And we were like, why does that mean that you should be in the VIP section?
And he said that he was having visions while he was in this coma.
And we said, yes, we have visions all the time.
What's your favorite vision that you've had?
Oh, I couldn't say, brother, not in front of a stranger.
No, tell me.
Completely agreed.
They're too personal.
And this man, I mean, he had the audacity to post about his visions online, online.
It's like sharing your mind diary with the public.
It's so absurd.
And the government got a hold of it and they sent some man named, oh, what was the name
he kept saying?
Agent Victor, I believe?
Victor, I think it was.
It was so odd.
He said that this Agent Victor paid him a visit and he was the one who told him about
the mind probing device that apparently ISIS is using now to give people vision.
So he said, claimed he was now like in the know.
Hold on.
ISIS?
Yeah, ISIS.
Like ISIL?
Like Daesh?
Sure.
Whatever.
I'm not much for current events.
ISIS has mind control technology.
Isn't that the worst news you've heard today?
I just don't believe it.
I don't know.
I understand why you didn't let John Peters in your place.
He seems like a raging lunatic.
Yeah.
Everyone from contention is.
Okay.
Well, I shoot him in the other knee.
Can we go now, please?
My brother's leg is so hurt.
I am in such deep pain.
I'd love to take care of it for him outside of here.
I love the pain.
That's a conkin.
That's a conkin.
That's a conkin.
Oh, that?
That's a conkin.
That's his dang conkin, boy.
Richard Nichols stands up and with the help of his brother, he says, sir, we, we must,
we must go now.
Otherwise I, the security will be here any moment and we need to go through these double
doors.
It's the only way out.
Are you going to pay me not to kill you?
We are absolutely going to pay you.
All right, well, I feel like you're not, but I don't want to get killed either.
So you can get me past the security here.
Uh, let's, let's get moving, but I want to find some place, some things out about this
place first.
So you guys walk up through the double doors and into a long wide hallway with tall ceilings.
The floor, ceiling and walls are made out of black marble, making depth perception difficult.
Your eyes take a second to adjust and you see at the end of the hallway is an elevator
door.
There are also two doors about 10 yards away from you, one on each side of the hallway
above the elevator is a dial that is slowly moving from the left to the right side.
Oh no.
Oh my.
Oh God.
The elevator.
It's coming down here.
It's coming down here.
Someone's on their way.
This can't be good, brother.
Oh no, no, no, no.
Okay.
Okay.
Let's um, you're, you're Richard, right?
I'm Richard.
And you're Dick.
Yes.
But rich.
Yes.
No, I'm Dick and Richard and I'm also rich and Dick.
Dickard.
Okay.
Dick.
Why don't, why don't you look away real quick?
Okay.
I execute.
Dick, I'm sorry, but your brother's a creep and a liability.
And uh, unfortunately I shot him in the knee to prove a point, but that just slowed him
down.
Uh, so that's why I had to shoot him just now.
If you'd like to take a moment and lap up his blood before you run through one of these
doors with me, I'd understand brother, I need it now.
I start lapping that bad boy up.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
That's while sobbing uncontrollably.
That's enough.
Go.
We got to go.
A little bit more of my brother's blood, please.
I squirt a little bit from his knee into, I just, I just squeeze.
Oh boy.
All right.
Okay.
Dick.
Are you ready?
Like a blood fountain?
Like you squeeze it up into?
Yeah.
Like a blood Capri Sun.
Or like a hose when you like spurred it so it'll go into your mouth.
Exactly.
Is that, Hey, is that enough of your brother's blood?
I raise my blood soaked face up and I go, I think that has to do for now.
All right.
So I'm going to take the price down to 2.5 fair is fair and uh, let's get the fuck out
of here.
Oh, I guess that will have to do.
I'm still holding like the blood up to like the little spurt up to my mouth a little bit.
I conk him against his brother's corpse head and I'm like, we do not have time.
It hurts.
Let's go, Dick.
You guys don't have time.
Do you go left or right?
Left.
All right.
Wait, no, I mean he, where do we go?
Sorry.
I'm not super familiar with the map, but I'd say left is probably good.
Oh, left then.
God damn it.
Did I kill the wrong brother?
You very well may have my friend.
All right.
Get us through the door.
Let's go.
There's a touch screen next to the door and Rich begins fumbling with it and let's see
here.
I don't remember properly.
It was something like, and the door opens inside this door.
You walk into a small empty foyer that leads to four more doors and the door closes behind
you.
You've got one door on your left, two ahead of you, and one on your right.
They are labeled Kevin, Francis, Charles, Rosemary.
Oh my God.
What a potentially informative set of doors.
I would like to go into Rosemary's door.
I can help with that.
If I remember correctly, it was something like this, but my dear brother always used
to do this door, but I'm doing this in his honor.
And the door opens.
This room contains three things, a bed, a popcorn machine, and a television screen the
size of an entire wall that is currently playing an episode of Happy Days.
That figures.
The popcorn machine is an oddly whimsical touch for Rosemary.
I'll take a moment to reflect on that.
Is there any way to tell where Rosemary is in the building right now?
I don't think so.
We usually don't track people so much as capture them and, you know.
Make them fight for bloodsport.
Yes.
All right.
These guys seem to be really into blood.
Could I drink some blood for willpower?
I've never- They're really talking up it's healing benefits.
They really are talking up it's healing powers.
I did leave the- Do you drink some blood?
Well, we left the source in the hallway with a guard.
Oh, yeah.
I lick Rich's face.
I know you were going to like it, Rich.
I know.
Just let me- You were correct, Seth.
Stop wiggling so much and let me get some of this blood.
And as he's wiggling, he moves the pillow on the bed and under it, there's a picture.
Yeah.
I think I know who it is.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Is it Marvin Glass's boy?
It is.
Mm-hmm.
It absolutely is.
Yeah.
I had some suspicions about Rosemary's motivations.
Rosemary has a picture of a slender, muscular man in a black t-shirt and black tactical
pants.
He has tribal tattoo sleeves on both arms going down his hands and fingertips.
This guy seems cool.
There's a sharpied heart around this man's face, which is stoic, almost blank.
And she has written Rosemary Glass all over it.
Rosemary.
Yeah.
If we all get out of this, I do hope you find the love you seek someday, Rosemary.
I'm going to give you 10 luck for calling that.
Oh, thank you.
That puts me to 55.
Congratulations.
And we talked about how we haven't recorded since September.
I've been thinking about that for the next ... I'm like, oh shit, I think I know why
she sent us for the gun.
In the background, as soon as you get that luck, you hear Fonzie go, aye.
Thank you.
Thank you, Fonz.
Seemed right.
At the exact right time.
Exactly.
Rich, have you watched Barry on HBO with Henry Winkler?
I can't say I watch TV very often.
It's excellent.
You should check it out.
He does a great job as Gene Cusinow, the head of the acting theater.
John Lee Pettymore IV endorses Barry on HBO.
Go check it out.
Timely references.
Exactly.
The season's on right now, y'all.
Actually, it won't be by the time this goes to air.
Always behind.
Always.
All right.
I want to go into Kevin's room now.
Did y'all hire Kevin?
Do you know much about Kevin?
Rich, I think Kevin would have been around for as long as you've been there.
He's always been Marvin Glass's number two security.
Okay.
Kevin Glass is number two security, not head of security for the building.
I guess both.
Yeah.
He's like his right-hand man basically.
Okay.
Oh, I've known Kevin for quite a while.
He was always Marvin's number two.
Interesting.
You didn't happen to have any involvement in, say, making people like Rosemary unkillable
in any way?
Or, well, I guess it was Keith's brother who might have raised all those mutant children.
Anyway, did you make Rosemary immortal?
Or do you know that she might be?
I can't say we had any part in that.
We mostly stuck to the doors and whatnot.
When you go into Kevin's room, you guys leave and go into Kevin's room, it is the epitome
of minimalism.
There is a full-sized bed neatly made in the corner.
There's a chest of drawers against the wall.
And the only other thing in the room is a desk with a chair.
I'm not in great shape.
No, you're not.
You're just stumbling around.
What's in here?
You've got blood.
It's just smearing.
Also, you're still in your underwear from the fighting that took place.
You got your underwear in the cages.
You're welcome, listeners.
And then you were in the cage with Keith, and then you fell out, and you've been fighting,
and there's blood everywhere.
I've got the goo of the guy that I landed on probably.
Oh, just all over you.
You've got toenails.
Yeah.
So you're slip-sliding around all over this place, and when you check the desk, you grab
onto it, and you do notice that there is a different texture underneath the desk than
there is on top of it.
I'd like to feel around under the desk.
When you feel around, the texture is, it seems like someone's carved into the bottom of the
desk.
Rich, get under there.
Tell me what this desk says.
That's what I love doing is getting under things.
And as you get under it, you see that the phrase, not Kevin, has been carved into the
bottom of the desk over and over and over and on top of itself repeatedly.
Not Kevin.
That's weird.
You sure that's what it says?
Check again.
I'm looking at it.
It's very unsettling.
Rich, go ahead and roll Sanity for me.
I always fail.
Do you want to look at anything else in this room?
Yeah, I want to look under the bed.
I'd like to pop under the bed.
Rich, look under the bed.
As you wish.
That's why you're here, Rich.
Well, I'm just leaning against the wall.
Bending hurts right now, so.
That makes sense.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my broken dick.
Rich, under the bed, you find a notepad.
Seems to be some kind of notepad under here.
Pass that here, Richard.
I slides it.
On every page, it says, quote, I had the same dream again last night.
She just says, I'm so sorry.
He's just so beautiful.
You don't have to do this.
We can leave.
We can run.
On every page of the notepad.
I've heard that, but I don't know if John Lee Peddingmore's heard that or if I've heard
that.
John Lee Peddingmore.
Okay, where did he hear that?
It was in your dream.
Oh, right.
And I recognized him.
Okay.
So John Lee Peddingmore recognizes the words on the page from his dream, and a chill runs
down his spine.
Just a sickening recognition, but it shouldn't be there.
As Rich gets up from crawling under the bed, he bonks his head on one of the chested drawers,
and he's like, ooh.
And he sees that there's carving underneath this drawer as well.
Rich, what's it say?
It says, Mary in the woods, over and over and over.
Mary in the woods.
Kevin's a real focused guy, you know?
Yeah, he seems to write.
He gets on one thing.
Yes, I was going to say lots of repeated phrases and such.
It's interesting.
It's a style.
You know, it's a choice.
I wouldn't make it, but you gotta, you know, you gotta explore your own artistic avenues.
Can I see what, like, I want to check all the drawers on this desk now and see.
Every single drawer in the chested drawers says Mary in the woods carved over and over
and over again.
Mary in the woods.
To the point to where, like, the wood is thin.
And Kevin's an intense dude.
Yes, I've known Kevin a while, and I would say intense is one of the few adjectives I
know about him.
You're handling the death of your brother pretty well.
Well, he'll always be with me.
We went right back to being a little freak right away, so I appreciate that.
Alright, let's go through these other rooms here.
As you wish, sir.
Let's go into Charles' room.
As you wish, sir.
This room looks like it was a set used on Mad Men.
Everything is beautiful, but it smells like someone spilled a vat of Everclear in here.
There is a well-stocked bar, and the closet is full of different uniforms and disguises.
There is a computer, and there are a shitload of tabs open.
They are all about the town of contention, different businesses, and maps to Hotel Motel,
John Peters' house, and the Piston Pig Farm.
The pig farm.
The homeless.
Damn it, what does it all mean?
There's an email open as well in one of the tabs.
If only I could read.
I read the email.
So there's actually nothing in his inbox, but there is one email still in the drafts
folder.
The email details that Rosemary and I, Charles, found the gun that turned Alfred mad in the
possession of a young girl.
A chase ensued, and she got away.
He also adds that there are more strange items that are in contention, and he thinks that
they should try to collect them all.
Interesting.
So poor Tilde B had a run-in with Charles before she met us.
No wonder she didn't trust us.
Plus, fuck the police.
Yes.
Yeah, he knows what I'm saying.
I guess that explains why she was so nervous when she saw us.
Okay, on to the last room, Richard.
Richie.
Dick.
Wouldn't you like to know?
Yes, that's why I just asked.
The last room is Francis, and this room is a fucking disaster.
Clothes have been tossed onto every surface, the bed, the floor, the armoire, everywhere.
The walls are made out of whiteboard that is filled with equations.
There's a single drawing of a sphere, one inch in diameter.
This person seems smart.
I bet they're not related to Keith.
Do you know anything about these equations?
I can't say that I do.
I've never been much of a math man myself.
I'd like to do an intelligence roll and see if I can decipher what any of this is about.
Okay.
I mean, I didn't typically apply myself in school, but I did have a head for figures,
and I was an AP Calculus.
This is...
Last name.
Really inspired me.
You know, I was a pretty rough...
You know what?
You don't care about this, but...
I'm always interested to hear a good story.
All right, well, picture this.
We were both butt naked, naked on the bathroom floor.
I did.
Yeah, that's unfortunately why Mrs. Lastname got fired.
All right, I'm rolling...
Oh, an intelligence roll to see if I can figure out...
Add a negative 20.
The negative 20.
32.
I passed.
My intelligence is 75, so I'm rolling on a 55.
These equations are built to perform some sort of mathematics that do not exist in this
world.
She is coming up with solutions that do not make sense with the math that you know to
be absolutely true.
Go ahead and roll sanity for me.
Three.
I passed.
Fuck.
No, honestly, like, I kind of...
I don't know.
So this makes sense to you.
You were looking at math that doesn't make sense, and you were starting to realize with
everything that you've seen in this world that the math that you grew up with is not
the math that actually exists in this reality.
Richard, this...
Hold on.
Okay, I'd like to do a search roll in this room.
Okay.
Five.
Oh, shit.
These dice are all over the place.
That means they're working.
So when you...
What did you do to my dice, you piece of shit?
When you...
Looking through the room, you start moving some of the clothes out of the way, and underneath
a shirt or something, there's a picture.
There's a picture of Frances with a man and a woman who are older than her.
It looks like a family picture, like it's her parents, and her father, the Duke, has
his eyes crossed out with X's from a Sharpie.
Teen angst.
We've all been there.
We have.
Until Mrs. Lastname got ahold of me.
Really turned me around.
More ways than one.
Hot.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
All right, well, this room of this precocious teen mind seems to have revealed all it can
to me.
Let's keep moving, Richard.
Yes.
You've now gone into all four rooms in this quadrant.
The only door is back into the hallway.
All right, Richard.
Follow me.
Peek your head out there.
Make sure the coast is clear.
When you peek your head out, you see there are four men dragging this limp body behind
them, and each of them are wearing full brown jumpsuits, and they have a large scythe strapped
to their backs, and the blade of each scythe is shaped like an enormous fishhook.
How bloody is it?
None of the fishhooks have any blood on them.
Mm, disappointed.
You might want to take a look at this, friend.
I peek my head out.
When you peek your head out, you notice that the body that they are dragging behind them
is the body of Keith Vigna, and they walk into the elevator, and the elevator door closes
behind them.
Where all does the elevator go?
Anywhere your heart desires.
Hmm.
Like, really, though?
Could I just think about a person I want to see in this building?
I meant within the building's bounds.
Okay.
Do you think we could find Rosemary?
Mayhaps.
Where would she be?
Where's, like, security control?
I believe I could take you there.
It's across the hall.
Let's go.
When you guys go across the hall, there's also a touchscreen, yeah, Scooby-Doo shot
of you guys running across the hall to the other door that looks the exact same, using
the same, what are those called in cartoons?
Frames of animation.
Sure.
Yeah.
It's, like, on a loop of us walking, and...
And you guys do the same thing, where you, like, hack into the keypad, and the door opens,
and inside this door, you walk into a small, empty foyer that leads to two doors, one on
your left and one on your right.
Neither one has a label.
Oh, good.
I don't...
I think labels are generally harmful.
Me as well, friend.
Where...
You guys have so much in common.
Alright, let's not.
I don't...
I'm becoming quick friends with you.
Rich, no.
That's not what's happening.
You know, you took my brother.
You could fill in a little bit here for...
Oh, yeah, sorry.
When you guys walked out into the hallway, they saw you, and...
No, Richard...
And they killed both of you.
Richard's body was still, you know, just limp on the floor.
Just figured I'd remind you of what you've done.
Thank you for making me relive these delicious and horrible memories.
Do you want to go in the left door or the right door?
Left door.
You walk into a room that is long and narrow.
Each wall is made entirely of deep, tall file cabinets.
Above you is only fluorescent lighting.
On the far end of the room is a table.
It looks like a desk but is four feet off the ground and has no accompanying chair.
There is a file open on the standing desk or super wide podium or whatever.
I go to read it.
It's a file that says John Lee Pettymore the Fourth on it.
It shows you as a cocaine supplier, number one, and a contention police officer, number
two.
There's a lot of stuff about the Pettymore family.
Different troubles that cousins and uncles and aunts have all gotten into.
And then there's a manila envelope.
When you open the manila envelope, it's adoption papers.
From Cole's Orphanage, New School Under Modern Etiquette, and the name of the adopted child
is John Lee Pettymore the Fourth.
What?
I pour over the paper.
Does it show my birth parents or anything?
It has your adopted parent's name.
It doesn't have your birth parent's name.
So that's pretty stunning.
How old was Kevin?
He was probably mid-50s, mid-60s.
That's my daddy.
I want to take a look and see if I can find a file for Kevin.
Actually, right underneath the file for John Lee Pettymore, there's a file labeled K-Cell.
Three members of an unknown organization who go by Kyle, Karen, and Kevin.
Kyle is listed as unknown.
There's a blurry picture attached of a man.
The picture is from a security camera.
Karen is listed as Anne Love.
There is a mug shot of a woman smiling a cold, vacant smile behind asymmetrical bangs
covering one of her eyes.
Kevin is listed as unknown.
There is a picture attached.
He's missing the surgical scars and is so much younger and happier than Kevin, the man
you saw earlier, who is now only a hollow shell of the man in this picture, the man
you immediately recognize as your father, John Lee Pettymore the Third.
Okay, so Copperhead Road starts playing by Steve Earle and John Lee Pettymore gets, he's
stunned and he's kind of, the paper is shaking in his hands and he's like, daddy, daddy,
you ain't dead.
The G-Men didn't kill you.
You're alive, daddy.
Also, in this file, there is a miniature tape player with a cassette loaded into it.
I nervously press play.
The cassette begins playing and you hear that whirring of an old recording and you hear
a voice that you just recently met and you recognize as Marvin Glass.
I do not typically reward my adversaries with the honor of joining my family, but if
either of you are willing to give up any information on your associate who stole my property, I
would be willing to let you live.
Fuck you, you goddamn monster.
You and your kind can eat my ass.
No, no, no, please.
How are you doing this?
Kyle, I swear I'm not doing this.
He's controlling my- BANG!
The sound of a gun firing is followed by silence.
What are you?
Tell me how this little ball works and I'll tell you what I am.
The recording ends.
Little ball.
Goddamn.
I guess this mystery is a lot older than December 3rd.
Hey, Rich, did you hear any of that?
Mm-hmm.
What is this?
Yeah.
Sorry, man.
I just heard like some life shit, like my daddy, who I found out is my adopted daddy,
who I thought had died and abandoned me.
He's alive.
He's Kevin.
Oh, interesting.
Were you around- did you work for Mr. Glass at this time period?
Did you know anything?
No, I can't say I was around whenever this was.
Like is this- does it seem- is it like A through Z or whatever?
It's not.
It's all over the place.
Do you want to go ahead and roll a search for me, though?
Yeah.
I've got one thing for you if you roll.
Sorry, it's a zero and a two.
Fuck yeah.
You quickly just rifling through trying to find anything interesting.
There's a bunch of files that are itemized by like number and letter coding, stuff that
doesn't make any sense, but there's one that's just called Satan.
I'd like to read this file called Satan.
Yeah, there's one thing in it.
It's just a picture and it's of a woman with shoulder length curly hair and a mouth that
not only takes up half of her face, but it's showing an amount of unbridled pleasure you
can barely comprehend, and you feel like it might be important later.
This is a deeply unsettling photograph.
It is, and I would like you to roll sanity.
Thirty-one, fail.
Alright, lose one sanity.
Twenty-two?
Yes.
I'd like you to roll an alertness check for me, John.
The same age as Taylor Swift.
At least he has a song called Twenty-Two.
Thirty-four on a sixty.
Fuck, I just missed it.
No, no, I passed.
You passed.
Yeah, you passed.
Hell yeah.
You hear the elevator door ding.
I grab Richard Rich, whichever you prefer, Dickie, and throw him behind the table with
me.
I'm like, get down.
Okay.
As you hide, you hear footsteps, and then you hear the door to the foyer that you're
in open, and then you hear someone right on the other side of the door of this room that
you are now in, and the door opens, and Kevin is standing there, dressed in all black, average
build, six feet tall, light brown hair, mustache with a dead stare and scars on his forehead
and neck.
The scars look medical in nature, and he is all gussied up with an assault rifle, a shotgun,
a pistol.
He's wearing body armor.
Body armor that you recognize.
We came in with our body armor.
Yep, and he's holding the assault rifle that you specifically chose to bring to the city
with you.
Nature versus nursery right there, you know what I'm saying?
Woo!
And he starts shooting, and he fires this assault rifle.
We're behind a big solid four foot wide thing, right?
I just motion to Rich, don't make a fucking move, and I'm just hoping he's just firing
blindly.
I don't want to make a move right now.
So he keeps firing and firing, clip empties, you hear it hit the ground.
He loads in another clip, and he starts firing again.
Woo!
And as he's firing, you start feeling this podium chip away.
A few bullets actually whiz through near your heads right in between the two of you.
Okay.
I want to wait until I hear him go through another clip, and as soon as I hear him reloading,
I'm going to kick Richard out into the open.
Fair, fair.
A clip hits the ground.
I kick Richard rolling out behind the podium.
I'm in the fetal position, so I literally roly poly out into the fetal position.
And I'm not saying anything, I'm just hoping maybe he just recognizes one of the guests
and will...
John, you turn to your right and you see the body of Rich Nichols turn into cheese, basically.
It's shredded through with lead flying all the way through it.
I would say roughly 18 shots go through the body of Rich Nichols, and he is flopping about
on the ground.
He shits his pants, he starts throwing up everywhere and gurgling blood.
And as he's gurgling blood, you are my new best friend.
Live, Dammit, live.
Earn this.
All right, so while he's focused on just lighting up Rich, I want to roll around the other end
and take some shots with the noisy cricket.
Roll firearms.
25.
What's your firearms?
My firearms is a 60, that would make it a 40, so I'm good.
Roll 2d10 for damage.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck indeed, that's a noisy cricket, my dude.
Add up the numbers?
Yes, please.
17.
No, wait, no.
Yeah, no, because a 10 is a 10, right?
A zero is a 10.
Oh, a zero is a 10, so eight.
Wait, what?
I rolled a 10.
Oh, yeah, that's a one.
Right.
That's what I'm...
Yeah.
All right.
Or a 71.
710 points of damage.
Eight damage, so you fire at Kevin and he takes it in the shoulder and part of his shoulder
rips away and underneath it you see some sort of, it's not bone, it's some sort of shiny
material underneath his shoulder and he stands firm and begins firing at you as you are firing
at him.
I take my shots.
They turn my daddy into a goddamn mechanical man.
And as you say that, he turns the assault rifle onto you and begins firing, landing
11 points of damage.
That takes me down to one hit point.
At one hit point, the body of John Lee Pettymore hits the ground.
I need you to roll a constitution check to stay conscious.
32 on a 50, so does Khan go down with willpower?
Yes.
Okay, so I fail.
You fail.
Kevin turns a sort of sickly black for you.
The camera pans out and sees Kevin walk over to the body of John Lee Pettymore.
There is no remembering in his eyes and he fires his assault rifle into your chest for
a full clip and the body of John Lee Pettymore is just gyrating on the ground.
The blood is spattering everywhere and Kevin is standing above you with a cold, dead face
with no remorse and no understanding of what he was doing.
That still seems like I couldn't come back.
You said you're going to spend the luck.
Yeah.
The world is dark, but you still feel very much alive.
You actually feel something very specific.
You're moving like go-gurt busting out of a plastic tube by pressure alone.
You feel yourself squeezed out of a dark constricting space onto the cold, hard floor and rolling.
Then your limbs extend from your form and slam into the file cabinet walls on either
side of you.
It gives you the leverage you need to fling your silver, round frame at your target.
As you land, one of your appendages slices into the soft tissue on the back of your dad's
neck.
Another snaps his head forward and you feel the fracture as a third reaches in, gripping
the top of the spine where it meets the head, or the C1 vertebrae, and you rip the entire
spinal cord out of his body in one swift motion, promptly forcing yourself into the
now-vacant spinal column of John Lee Pettymore the Third.
Cool.
How am I the only one trying to pull over How can you have enough drowning out of the
walls?
There's no fire at all.
No fire at all.
Fight, fight, street me down Takes me back to where you're from
Don't stop a dying love Don't push on to your own
Don't stop a dying love Don't push on to your own
Don't stop a dying love Don't push on to your own
Don't stop a dying love Don't push on to your own
Don't stop a dying love Don't push on to your own
Don't stop a dying love Don't push on to your own
Don't stop a dying love Don't push on to your own
Don't stop a dying love Don't stop a dying love
