What's up everybody? It's Zach. I am Zach and I want to pop in here real quick before this,
the finale of season one with a few announcements. First, this is the last episode. I worked really
hard on it. We've had a stupid amount of fun making this show and we are super proud of what
we've created together this season. Thank you each and every one of you for listening, telling your
friends, posting about the show, creating art based on these characters. I really truly didn't
expect it. This community absolutely rules. Next, we're going to do a couple Q&A episodes here on
the main feed. So please comment your questions in the stickied post on the subreddit or you can tag
at pretending pod on Twitter and use the hashtag PTBPQ. That is hashtag PTBPQ in order to give you
time to ponder what questions to fling at us and in order to give me some time to catch up on some
things. Those Q&A episodes should come out October 22nd and October 29th. So if you have any
questions, comments, or compliments, find that post in the subreddit or tag us on Twitter at pretending
pod with the hashtag PTBPQ. Hashtag PTBPQ. Finally, we are changing one of our Patreon tiers.
A Splashylvania Fastpass is still only $5. You still get access to all 24 of our bonus episodes
and it's still only $6.66 if you want the same stuff but also you're rad. The cover charge at
the Den of Sin is still $15 if you dare join us behind the scenes as we record our Patreon bonus
episodes and we finish out those streams by hanging out with the chat and playing some Jackbox.
But there's a new tier in town. For $25, you can join the Circle of Knowledge Shirt Club.
Once you're in the Circle of Knowledge Shirt Club, you can choose and receive a Patreon exclusive
shirt from a rotating pool of designs like the Splashylvania Vampire on a Surfboard shirt,
the four items from the Trunk shirt, and the Den of Sin Juice Box shirt. These pieces were created
respectively by Sean McFarland at slide.whistle and Andy Corbett. Check him out on Instagram,
Twitter, Facebook, or Patreon and then follow these dope artists and support them too.
And here's a sweet little deal for those of you listening as this is being released. If you join
the Circle of Knowledge Shirt Club or a higher tier in the month of October,
we'll count this month as your second month in that tier. A whole month closer to that sweet,
sweet t-shirt. And extra finally, we are going to do a live stream for all our patrons over at
patreon.com slash pretending pod this upcoming Tuesday, October 12th at 9pm central time. Taylor
and I brought back some snacks from Korea for the boys to try, so join us for a super relaxed hang
for a couple hours. We'll try some snacks, shoot the shit, and answer some questions. That stream
and a link to the playback will be available to all patrons. So, make it happen. And as Wolf says,
all the links are in the show notes. Now, back to you, Wolfie. Wolfie, Wolfie.
Well, well, well. Look who finally showed up to the grease pit. It's you, my beautiful child.
Join me in the barrel. Take a load off. Uh, wait, no, don't. Get hyped. Because you are
tuned into the biggest, baddest radio station on this dimensions block. 694.2 PTBP.
We got a new Howlin' with Wolf this week, and it comes from someone named Curtain Plastic,
who did the most damnedest, gosh darn dirtiest, delicious, dutiful thing you can do.
She wrote us a five-star review on Apple Podcasts. Hell yeah, dude. She writes,
I would like to shout out my D&D group, who I hope will soon dive into the world of Delta
Green with me. Shout out to my two amazing DMs, Zach and Nick. To my fellow player, Will,
and to the love of my life, who I'm honored to roleplay in more than one way with Lucas.
Also, shout out to Zach, Luke, Joe, Thomas, and Justin for all the hard work and time
y'all have put into this. Y'all are fucking killing it. Well, thanks, Curtain Plastic.
But I, uh, can't help but notice that you didn't include little old Wolfie in your shout out list.
I'm gonna assume it's because, uh, we all just know who really makes the show so great.
It's, uh, me is who. And my producer, somewhat, I guess. And now I want to let it be known,
I have never been invited to a D&D group. Not a single time. And I still don't really know
what the hell y'all are doing in these groups. And honestly, it freaks me the freak out. So I never
ask. Y'all, when Instagram went down, a part of me rejoiced because finally all of y'all were living
in Wolfie's world. The other part of me that is bound by my producer's contract is here to tell
you to follow along and tag the show at pretending pod. There's even a handy link in the show notes
for now. Because the internet, Gambino Nice, might go down again. Ooh, spooky.
We're proud to have a new sponsor here at 694.2 PTBP. I think this sponsor is very good and
necessary. So this week's news segment is brought to you by Fuck Mark Zuckerberg. It's time for the
news. Last time, Keith turned into Keith's and eliminated the threat of the wormy ceiling.
Pretty straightforward stuff, I'd say. And now for the last time, an absolute banger.
It's Dragon in Three with What Kind of World Are You Living In?
Bad girls on top of the water. Mary and Caroline, I'm on the borderline.
Leaving my mind at your altar. Crossing the double line, doing it every time. Tell me what
kind of world are you living in? What kind of world are you living in?
Was that your fingers? That's like definitely 30 seconds.
I didn't think it was going to be that loud.
Dude, why would you do anything that made sound?
Because I was like, I don't know. In the only 30 seconds.
This will be an excellent time to pop my nuts. Honestly, that's the thought that went through
my mind. I'm like, I'm going to do it right now. It's nice and quiet now.
It's going to be so loud. I think maybe subconsciously I was like,
let's see how loud it is. When you were a kid at school and
they made you do 30 seconds of silence at school, did you pop your knuckles during that?
No, I was a super follow the rules kind of kid. Before they recorded your glasses?
What the fuck are you talking about? Well, you got to get room noise.
Just one day out of the year really needed room noise.
I'm recording you all. Class, as you know, it's September 11th today and we need to get room
noise. Class, as you know, this is a two-party consent state, so I am informing you that you
are being recorded. If any of you little fuckers have a problem with that, you speak up now.
And then they read Where the Redfern Grows audiobook. They're recording the audiobook.
Yeah. Damn it.
All right, you guys ready to start? No.
Am I on a big TV again? Yeah.
Yeah. Am I full screen?
You are. You're like almost life-sized. You're like three-quarter Justin.
Your beard mustache looks incredible. There's not really a beard anymore, right?
Well, it's like chops. Chops mustache.
Yeah. Burns mustache.
When this is gone, is a beard a beard if there is no chin in the hair?
You don't have a beard. No, you have long side burns into a mustache with a little dopey.
Dude, your mustache connects to your burns. I think you've got a beard.
I don't think you have a beard. Oh, is that the differentiator?
I would call what you have right now. I wouldn't call it a beard.
Almost a beard. I don't know. I would call it a beard.
I disagree. You don't have a beard right now. It's a variety of beard.
I like it though. This internet website
claims that that style of facial hair is called Friendly Mutton Chops.
Oh, I don't like that name at all. I do.
I feel like mutton chops, once you've got chops, that's a beard, not just sideburns.
I feel like mutton chops are not grown down. If your hair was longer, you know what I mean?
If you think of a dude with a mutton chop thing. I'm thinking Red Dead style mutton chops.
We'll have to take a group picture. If you take the mutton chops down to a two,
then you've got what he's got. Those are lamb chops.
You've got lamb chops. I like lamb chops.
Gentlemen, lamb chops. We'll have to take a group picture with the TV.
Yes. That'll be fun.
Oh, goodness.
Oh, it just froze on Zach whenever you went, like when you started laughing and it faded.
It went like... You went like...
Get a good Jimmy Carr laugh in there.
That's not... It's a little bit...
It starts... He's hawking from the beginning.
It's more staccato though. There's bigger breaks.
It sounds so fake.
Not knowing what Jimmy Carr's laugh sounds like.
Did we nail it?
That was great.
It's a weird thing, but I didn't even notice that was a thing until I saw that video,
like compilation of it.
I was like, he's got a hearty laugh. He's a jovial man.
And then I saw that and I was like, oh yeah, that's fucking weird.
We've come to the end, guys.
I mean, we're not there yet. We have an episode to go.
But this is that.
This is that episode.
Is this 113?
I bet we can drag this out for two or three more.
I don't think so, man.
When we started, I don't know what number I had in my head, but I don't think it was this many.
For one season.
I think I told you guys in the forties, mid forties.
I'm glad it's been this long, though.
We've done a lot of stuff.
It's also been a running thing that you would often say to us,
okay, this next part's going to take an episode.
And then that next part would be five episodes.
That's also a running thing from our very first role-playing games together,
where you're like, I think this will take an evening.
And then it took a month.
Exactly, yep.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, I forget if it was like a couple episodes ago or whatever,
but listening to it where it was like, yeah, this whole time, five days.
Five days, yeah, right.
Which thing?
We did go back in time a couple times.
That's true.
It's more like a few hundred years.
We had to offshoot.
This one in particular makes sense for as far as five days ago.
We relived that one afternoon.
A lot.
At least we never went to a Waffle House and made our orders in character,
like we made Zach listen to one time at our home session.
It was like the first campaign that we were running,
and before you even dove into the scenario at hall,
you were like, our characters are probably hungry.
It was when we thought about sleeping and eating food.
So I was like, okay, let's go to this Waffle House.
And I wanted pancakes.
You guys want to go to Waffle House after this?
No.
Luke wanted pancakes, so then they had to go across the street.
I think it was the pancake palace, I'm pretty sure.
Yeah, it wasn't a Waffle House, it was a pancake palace.
And then we went through a full round of ordering breakfast foods and drinks
where I just played your server.
Did you like that?
Yes, it's my favorite role-playing moment of all time.
I wish I was at Waffle House right now,
and I'm pretty pissed Luke said he didn't want to get it after this.
You didn't want to celebrate the end of recording season one with a trip to Waffle House?
That is so incomprehensible to me.
I eat Waffle House for lunch sometimes,
because it's like right down the street from my work,
and I'm sad every time I do.
Are you getting dope waffles and eggs,
or are you getting a sensible lunch meal?
No, I get breakfast food every time.
Breakfast food.
Breakfast food.
Breakfast food?
If you don't like their eggs, hash browns, and waffles...
Hey, I'm not saying I don't like it.
I'm saying when I go there by myself at 12 30 on a Tuesday,
I'm a little bit sad.
You get the blue mood.
Yeah, but is that like a pre-existing condition or...
I get the blue mood and the waitress comes up she's like,
you got sweaty blood.
Okay.
I know, give me the fucking hash browns.
You're telling me you still have the blue mood after the waitress calls you hun.
Yeah, I say I want the hash browns chopped and screwed.
What is your Waffle House hash brown order, Joe?
Smothered, covered, diced, I think is what I do.
Luke?
Smothered, covered, capped.
Smothered, covered.
Scattered, covered, smothered.
What, scattered?
Crispy.
Where it's all crispy, yeah.
So I think that's a holdover, because you can ask for ring also.
I think you get scattered if you don't ask for ring.
No, it specifically says scattered like crispy.
Because they make it thinner so that it all gets the even coating.
I like the crisp on top and I like that little mushy underneath.
I like a little mush to it.
I like almost like a cake, like a latke.
Justin, do you have a Waffle House hash brown order?
I just get them extra crispy and then I throw salt and pepper and ketchup on them,
because I'm a monster.
I throw a Tabasco sauce on there.
Tabasco, that's right.
A little hot sauce too, yeah.
I generally like to mix them up with my over-easy eggs
and get all that yolk up in the hash browns.
There's your problem, dude.
You're not getting them scrambled cheesy eggs.
I'm a big mix all your food together type of guy.
Hard saying.
Yeah, my eggs go right on top of those hash browns as soon as it arrives.
Flop them.
Flop them on top.
Dude, I went to W.F. Cody's for lunch today.
Love W.F. Cody's.
I ordered a half pound Larry Burger, which is-
That's the one to get.
Yeah, with American cheese, fried egg.
It was packed in there.
I had to like sit at the bar at a-
You found this tiny chair that was just sitting in the corner.
Well, I was sitting right next to the touch tunes thing,
which is super fucking annoying,
because there was a bunch of drunk people in there at-
This is lunch?
This is 1230.
Oh, it's W.F. Cody's.
Yeah.
Bunch of drunk people playing pool like trying to like shove me out of the way
so that they could play their touch tunes next.
Anyway, she brings out the full pound burger and I'm like,
I didn't order that.
And she's like, oh, sorry.
I just rang it in wrong.
Did you want to eat all this meat?
I'm like, I eat it, but I don't want to pay seven extra dollars for it.
And she's like, just eat it.
I ate the whole fucking thing and I felt like shit all the rest of the day.
Yeah, dude.
Half a pound is like too big.
Half a pound is a lot, man.
I ate a whole one pound burger and most of the fries that came with it.
Well, I guess it's a double quarter pounder.
Hungry boy.
I ate a quadruple quarter pounder.
Yeah.
I actually celebrated my 21st birthday at W.F. Cody's when I was 18 years old.
At 1230 in the afternoon.
We went in and like, they just sang me happy birthday and we did the whole thing
and they brought shots out for us.
Well, you just said you were 21.
We could probably go do that now.
Who's turning 21?
You?
Sure.
Yeah.
Whatever.
As long as you're singing happy birthday.
I mean, if anybody's turning 21, it's me.
Yeah, it would be Lukey.
And I would say just give me a full one pound burger.
I'm down to eat two pounds of meat today.
Two pounds of burger today.
Okay, so we've got you guys in this realm that you've been in.
I think that was good for an episode.
Okay, yeah, let's wrap it here.
Let's 113.
We'll see you all.
It'll be a couple of weeks before 114.
Actually, I think finale 120.
That sounds good.
I think finale 120 and the next, what, six episodes recap of the whole thing.
And then we'll do the finale.
The actual finale.
Well, no, no, no.
What I think we should do is this should just be the finale.
We'll see how that goes.
We'll put that out and be like episode 113 is the finale and then never release an episode.
Oh, that's fun.
That's a lot of fun.
That would really fuck with some people disappear and become like insurance salesman and
bankers, bankers, bankers.
It's so, so, so dark in this waffle house.
I feel God.
In this waffle house.
I'm going to be an asshole and say, I got to, let me just piss before we actually
get into the, we're in a good, like we're rolling here.
It's been hot.
It is so dark here and you feel so content and so strange this whole time you felt this way,
but there was so much going on, so much stress, so much noise, so many threats challenging
what the rest of your lives, your existence will be.
Not only your existence, but the existence of everyone you've ever known.
And not only the individuals that you've come into contact with, but every version
of those individuals and every version of yourselves.
That's all been at risk until now.
The voices of the Keiths ring out almost infinitely.
It's just one of them eating it.
They've somehow manifested it into all of their hands.
Okay.
Now it brought the Oreo McFlurry in the first place.
You think myriad can't get itself an Oreo fucking McFlurry.
So Keith, as myriad, have you changed the physical appearance of
these creatures?
As a myriad was popping in, they were popping in in the form of Keith.
Keith, who was in the body of the myriad that he had switched into within seconds, minutes,
had switched forms.
Every myriad is Keith, but Keith's body, inhabited by myriad, is also still Keith.
Right.
So do you know where that is, or has he wandered off into the crowd of Keiths?
Oh, no.
He's the only one without a McFlurry.
Yeah.
Yes.
The only Keith without a McFlurry is myriad Keith, and Keiths are keeping an eye on it.
As he was copping about trying to get used to his body,
Keith in the body of myriad just slides by and lifts the McFlurry out of his hand.
Oh, yeah.
Well, as soon as myriad Keiths took the McFlurry out of Keith,
then every myriad Keith had a McFlurry in there.
Had a McFlurry, of course.
What are the Keiths wearing?
Refer back to episode one of pretending to be people.
I just did.
Police uniform.
Pants are too big.
Big old bridges.
Big old bridges.
Well, most of them are wearing that.
Some of them are wearing too tight polo with way too big cargo shorts.
Some are wearing the other things that Keith has worn throughout.
Are there any other classic Keith outfits?
Well, are there any Dan Flashes Keiths as a little wink to Keith's creator, Luke?
Some of the Keiths look at some of the new ones popping in and they're like,
that's a really complicated shirt.
As Keith gets more confident in manifesting the myriads, he's getting fancier and fancier.
They're becoming more like the true vision that Keith has of himself.
And literally by the second, there's 10, 20, 40, 1,000, 10,000 Keiths popping in.
But the one Keith without the McFlurry is copping around.
And main Keith sits him down on the ground.
And Keith is like pointing his two fingers at his eyes.
Yeah.
Okay.
And when you look around at the boys, you see a chanting luminous land liturgy still keeping up
with overclocking this Clark Bishop that has become the overseer.
And you also see Clark Bishop standing nearby.
You see Planet Juggernaut who is being topped by...
That's not what I meant.
Did you mean perhaps mounted?
Mounted.
Yeah, ridden hard by...
A word with no connotation whatsoever.
Mounted by this John that has been created out of himself, out of this muck that is dark
and just wondrous collection of colors.
Some of which the human eye, your specific human eyes have never been able to comprehend
before are twisted in.
You know what?
As much as it sparkles and flashes, there's two little extra bright spots for his eyes.
Oh, I love that.
And he's got a cowboy hat mounting his head.
Yeah.
Topping his head.
That is the group that you see.
The only people who are here who are not chanting, the bodies of both Drew Pages...
Fuck me.
Drew Pages and Carrie...
Drew Andrews and Carrie Pages.
Keith is looking around for people that aren't Keith and he's getting pretty fucking confused
because he's seeing lots of different kinds of Keiths.
He's seeing fancy Keiths, expensive shirt Keiths.
He's seeing big pants Keiths.
And he's like, sits down, closes his eyes.
All of a sudden there's only one Keith.
Cool.
Nice.
Don, you have just, I mean...
Well, so the John sacrificed itself.
So I think that was the ball.
Yeah.
So that ball is torched.
I think you're released.
Yeah.
Don is his own man now, once again.
Yeah, as you see that skeleton of your brother or nephew.
What does it look like when a, when a ball burns out?
Has that happened before?
No, it's just this charred one inch in diameter sphere.
Like a bad marshmallow.
I'm thinking of like, you know, when you burn one of those snake fireworks.
That's what the whole deal looks like.
Yeah.
That's what I was imagining because as the huge legs, I was wondering if it just like...
Yeah.
It's all been kind of floating above you.
And then it just, it just collapses to the ground.
All made out of that snake firework material.
Yes.
Pure carbon.
Don is like absolutely exhausted and kind of like on his hands and knees on the ground
after using all of his, as much magic as he's ever used in that short amount of time
in his entire life.
Just emotionally overwhelmed by everything.
I think he's kind of taken a breather in this second after just the complete,
completely overwhelmed by everything.
The wand is still in his hand and he feels a fiery glow from it for a moment.
And then that fiery glow.
No, he's alive in that one.
Not alive.
There's something.
He's got a special magic wand now.
Special John, a magic John wand.
If you want a wand, you get your magic John wand.
I know the discord said they liked when we sing,
but it doesn't mean it's just like always good when we sing.
Wow.
Magic John, if you want to John have your magic John one.
If you had a John ever magic John one, if you want to John have your magic John one.
Wow.
That was impressive.
Keith is sitting there like he's hearing this from some like alternative plane.
He's like, what the fuck is going on here?
He's hearing the magic John one song.
Amongst every other song that we've ever sang.
Yeah, key that up now Zach.
Fuck you.
Can Don in fact feel like the presence of John in this?
Yeah, you can feel John in this wand.
I feel God in this waffle house.
Nailed it.
I think it's just, you feel, you know, you've got like a magic sword.
I think Don clutches it close to his chest kind of as he's like crumpled over a little bit
with like the little embers still burning a little bit from the wand.
Drew!
Drew!
Don't you know everything?
Can't you just look at him?
Keith is not.
He's not grown accustomed to.
It's been literally seconds or minutes since he's been in this.
The body of Kerry pages runs up to you and is like, hello.
Hello, sir.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
It is so good to see.
And they'll shut up.
And Keith is just like rubbing his head because in Keith's mind he's just hearing things from
different planes of reality and it's really fucking him up.
And he points at the radio.
Get Kerry.
Get Kerry.
Councilwoman Kerry pages here.
And if you are willing to make.
Shut up.
And Keith pops up and just hands the radio to Drew.
Pushes the two together and flips the switch.
How are you powering it?
It's still broken technically.
So it needs some ooze inside.
Three or four Keith's pop up handfuls of ooze.
They slam some ooze into this glass chamber that's shattered.
But they put the ooze just in enough to where the light flips.
Turns green.
Green light lit on this radio.
A bright flash lights up and you see shadows of each of you in the endless horizon.
And because there's nothing to stop the light really for an almost indeterminate amount
of space away from you, your shadows all light up and look enormous.
Surrounding this place.
That's cool.
And in the darkness.
Fellas.
Oh my God, it's me.
It's me and I'm inside me.
The younger of the Clarks goes running up to him and grabbing him by the shoulders.
And he's smiling big.
Drew, Drew.
Bubblegum tree.
Bubblegum tree.
But we did it.
It gives you a huge hug.
We did it.
Muck John descends down in front of him and tips his cowboy hat and says, welcome back.
John, John, you're, you're amazing.
I know, bud.
Look at you.
Oh, look at all of you.
Oh, you did so good.
Oh my God.
And then he starts transforming before your eyes.
And his tentacles come out of his head.
Drew Thulu.
A million keys come out and just suffocate.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Officer Bishop, you have, and she's crying and you hear through this darkness, these
licks, these.
Oh, Oh Tyler.
Oh Tyler.
You're so good.
Oh my goodness.
I put a hand on her shoulder.
I told you I'd find him.
Oh, thank you.
You've saved my contention.
Okay.
So if we're here, are we here forever?
Do we set up?
What's first a post office?
Overseer starts walking over.
Well, I, I guess, I guess it's up to us at this point, what happens now.
But, uh, I think with the help of Mir, Mir, Miria, Keith here, Keith, Keith Reed,
Keith, Keith is like sitting cross-legged on the ground, like rubbing his temples.
Like looks like he's in pain.
I think with, uh, with his help here, I think, I think I can, I can handle some, some rebuilding
and I think he can probably navigate better than I can.
I think we can set things right at this point.
Because Keith beans is, is now a Heinz mind.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Close enough.
Close enough, Drew.
Or maybe he's, when there's a bunch of them, he's the creatures of the black legume.
No, that was actually great.
Because of the beans.
That's a good, that's a really good one.
You like that one?
That's really good.
Those are the only two I have.
God, it's good to see you again.
And Overseer gives him a hug.
Oh, and Drew is just like, oh man, in this like triangle hug between the two Clark Bishops.
His face is just poking through and between their shoulders and looking up to this muck
John.
Who slips a tentacle of who's in there and like pats his back.
You know, you, uh, you didn't do what I told you to do.
You ended up going to Maggie's and he looks angry for a second.
Yeah.
And then he smiles.
It brought us here though, I guess.
Uh, I'm sorry.
All's well that ends well.
I was really scared.
I've been scared for so long.
Five days.
It's a long time when you're trapped inside a council woman.
A lot of responsibility.
Oh my goodness.
The meetings.
As, as everybody's talking, Keith is like starting to turn pale and like sweating.
And the whole area is starting to kind of rumble a little bit.
Keith, you, uh, you okay over there?
We got to get out of here.
Why?
Why?
This can be our home.
This, I mean, it's not much to look at.
I can hear so many things from everywhere and I think we just need to get back.
I just don't want to hear all of this anymore.
It's your old Keith almighty situation.
I hope it's Bruce and not Evan.
I mean, yeah, I guess you, you're kind of are the sequel to myriad though.
So you might be Evan.
I myself, John Lee Pennymore.
I liked them.
Keith's eyes open up wide and he's like, we have to get out of here.
I will not be Evan almighty.
All right, well let's Steve corral everyone up and then let's get out of here.
Wow.
You're really laying them down.
You're positively giddy to be back in your body.
Boys, boys, boys, boys, what do we want to do?
Where do we want to go?
We can do anything.
We being me, but also we being us.
Overseer saying, well, yeah, uh, we, we, we can, we can do, we can do whatever, whatever
we, we want.
And he turns to younger Clark.
I'm, uh, I'm not, I'm not sure that you can, I think, uh, I think you need to do the things
that I did because that's how I ended up here.
Somebody, somebody has to be the overseer when this all happens.
When it happened, it's, it's the short end of the stick.
It's, uh, it's not, uh, it's not ideal, but, uh, as he's saying all this to Clark, there's
not a single thing in his face that gives away anything.
He is smiling broad and big.
And he goes, yeah, dude, no, of course.
Uh, that's, uh, I had already thought about that and I'm, I'm looking forward to it.
I, I, I, I'm the, I, I win.
I'm the, I'm the savior.
I'm the, I'm the guy who does everything.
I, it's, I become you and then you work with me in the future and cool.
Send me where you need me to.
Just, just shoot me away.
I'm good.
I'm I've got plans.
I know I need to run and to tell Drew something sometime.
I'll, I'll write them down.
I'll write down all the notes.
I got it.
I got it.
Just shoot me on.
I'm ready to go.
As soon as he says that, a, a Keith pops up behind him with like this, uh, kind of almost
like golden robe with a very long hood and just, you know, the one you've been seeing
the overseer wear this whole time and places it over.
Clark said, well, that's, that's an upgrade.
It looks good on you though.
The Keith pops out of existence.
Clark, that just, uh, just take it easy out there.
It's a, it's a long, long, long road, but I got you set up over in that tower over there.
You should be, you should be, have all the things you need there.
That's kind of your home base.
That's where I set up.
It's a, it's up to you now.
Cool.
Right on.
I'll, I'll, uh, you guys, uh, Hey, it was great working with you guys.
Uh, I'm glad, I'm, I'm glad it ended up the way it did.
Uh, Keith, uh, congratulations on your new found powers and John.
And it's been the ride of a lifetime or several.
Is this it Clark?
That's it.
Yeah.
Afraid so.
I mean, I'll see you guys a lot coming up.
Uh, there's a lot of, a lot of looping and resetting and I, I kind of, I kind of twiddle
my fingers in there.
You guys remember, but I guess you won't know that it's me then.
It's it's all right.
I'm, I'm sure I'll get used to it.
Keith stands up and feeling pretty emotional thinking that he might not see Clark for maybe
not ever again, but maybe not for a little while and kind of loses control of his emotions
and hundreds of thousands of Keith's appear behind him and they all, you know, our little
tear running down their face and Keith reaches his hand out to Clark.
Clark slaps it away and brings him in for a big old Clark bear hug.
And Keith just hugs him as tight as he can.
Two or three other Keith's come in and hug him too.
It's a dog pile.
John, John, get on in here.
Like iridescent tears are streaming down his face and, um, he, he makes himself look a
little more like John.
It's less the goo, the goo world, John, and he kind of manifests the John you knew on
the first day of all this, at least, you know, in the bust.
Right.
But it's still mostly a goo body.
But it looks like John Lee Pettymore the third.
Oh, it's, uh, it's good to see.
I haven't seen that face in a while.
That's a, that's a good, that's a good.
Yeah.
Well, shut up, baby.
I know.
A fifth, a fifth Keith comes in behind John and pushes him into the group hug.
John breaks down.
He hugs back, but he's just like heaving.
You can't hear him crying, but he's just convulsing.
Yeah.
Uh, the extra Keith's fade away and it's just the three, the three of us group hugging.
And then Keith steps back and, well, if you're gonna, if you're gonna stay here, John, what
are you gonna do?
I'm of this world.
I think I might try to go back through one of those doors and see where the next ones
lead.
Will we, uh, will we see you again?
Keith, you're, you're God.
You'll see all of us whenever you want.
Well, I know what I'm going to do and I'm going to stay where I go.
I don't plan on visiting other worlds or other planes.
Is there, is there anything I can do for you guys before I go?
Is there anything you want?
Uh, the overseer steps up.
Well, um, if you're, uh, if you're offering, I feel like my job's kind of done.
I think I might be in for a reward of some sort.
Is that, can I ask you to, you kind of control reality now, right?
As far as I understand it in the past 45 seconds to two minutes.
Yeah.
I think, I think you can, uh, you can, can you, can you slot me in somewhere where I'm
a, I'm like a, like a detective from like those books or movies.
I want to be a noir style detective somewhere.
I don't know if this sounds, uh, I don't know if this sounds up your alley, but, uh, I've
got an idea.
Do you trust me?
Sure.
Of course we did.
We did it together.
Yeah.
Come with me and, uh, we'll be happy.
All right.
And Keith reaches out his hand to the overseer and three up and down handshake.
And then he motions them to like, just like stand right beside it.
Wait real fast before we go.
And, uh, the overseer is going to do a, uh, something he's going to do a spell or something
to send the liturgy.
Uh, he wants to drop them doing their chance and send them back to where they are from.
Okay.
So as soon as the liturgy breaks and the chanting whispers have dissipated.
Thanks for all your help, everyone.
Good show.
Clark Bishop.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Gary Daley falls to his knees and just begins weeping.
Endlessly.
Harry.
A Keith pops up behind him and starts like just kind of rubbing his shoulders a little
bit.
I can't go on.
I can't do it.
Gary.
I'm, I'm, I'm terribly sorry that we can, we can save Henry.
That's a Harry.
Oh fuck.
And he grabs, he grabs, uh, he grabs onto your uniform, the shoulders on both sides
and gets real fistfuls of cloth, you know, on either side and just buries his face into
your chest.
It was like that old turkey.
Next name was Harry.
I'm, I'm sorry.
It's been, it's been a century since I've seen him.
I'm sorry about that.
He's mine and I can't do it without him.
And he, uh, he looks up into your eyes with just plea.
If you're going to take me somewhere, can you take me where he's there?
Yeah, yeah.
We, uh, I look over at Keith.
Yeah, we can, we can, we can do that.
That's, that's something I can do and he can do it together.
We can make sure that for sure happens.
He's easy.
If I go there and he's there, would I also be there?
And Keith puts his hand on his shoulder.
Hey, look, Keith reaches out with his hand and in his hand is a little tiny figurine
of Harry with a big bowl of pho in his hands.
We're all going to a good place.
As soon as we get done here, we're going to a good place.
Overseer turns to the crowd.
As a matter of fact, if anybody, if any, if anybody wants to go anywhere, that's, we can
just do that, right?
Isn't that right?
I think we can, I think we can just send you back to a better place.
Keith roll unarmed combat.
Oh, what?
64.
Pretty sure that's a fail.
Yeah.
Mildred Mitchell catches you with a sneak attack from behind puts her tiny frail old
lady arms around your neck from the back and she's trying to choke you out.
10 Keith's pop out and gently remove her.
And then until the bee pops up in front of her and they just run to each other and embrace
in this dim, dim light of this world.
And the till they be like looks around at all the other case and does a shrug.
Wait, so it's just, it's just key.
It's just fucking key.
Yeah.
Okay.
So Mildred starts hugging her and is like, are you, are you okay?
Um, I'm super okay.
Grandma role persuade weirdo.
That's a success or the 57 on a 60 and Mildred is so happy and relieved to finally be reunited
with her granddaughter till DB Mitchell.
Keith looks at him.
Hey, you guys have got a place in, uh, at my place.
Same as the overseer.
Same as anybody else here that doesn't want to go back to their, their plane.
I'm going to let that persuade roll over.
Yes, we can be together.
We can be a family again.
Jack Pearlman.
Jack.
Jack Pearlman, Everett pace.
Look at each other and also see Greer Hilfintop Kermunker now and a bartender and a piano
player and a gambler named Thomas.
They're all from the same time period and contention.
They all recognize each other.
You're saying I can go anywhere that I want.
Don't have to be back where I came from.
Yeah, I think that's what we're saying.
I think, I think we can get you, get you set up any way you want.
I used to have a ranch with the, with all these horses and I just love, love just a
big old ranch with a big old herd of horses that need tendon to that I can take care of
surrounded by beautiful nature, lakes, a seller full of good whiskey, couple of dogs to keep
me company, a room devoted to all kinds of good books.
I think that's a life I could love.
Keith speaks up.
What was your name again?
Jack Pearlman.
Jack.
Jack, if you come with me, I can give you, I can give you everything you want.
Everett comes toddling up.
Hey, uh, Jack, uh, that sounds pretty nice.
You think maybe I could have a, have a little shack out there on the edge of your property?
I think that'd do just fine Everett.
Hey Everett, have you ever wanted more than a shack?
Oh, hell no.
I just want my shack.
Duly nobody.
It's what I contend to is what I like.
Oh yes, and I would very much like, uh, some sort of building where I could do my workouts
and squash the watermelons with my thighs.
Come with me.
My name is Greer.
I don't, I didn't ask what your name was, but, uh.
Yeah, he just promised you watermelons, man.
He didn't ask the fuck you were.
Hint up your monger now, and I will, if you are willing to, to furnish watermelons for
me.
As I said, Jack over here, if you come with me, I can give you whatever you want.
Okay.
Everett turns around to the Thomas the gambler and the bartender and piano player.
You guys are welcome to come with us.
You're, you're, you're, you're part of our career as far as I'm concerned.
Oh yeah, I sure, I sure would like to come with y'all if we could get some sort of tavern
set up.
Sir, what's your name?
Oh, my name's Sparkin.
Sparkin?
What do you want?
Oh, you know me?
I just love having a, having a bar to slide glass down, you know?
If you come with me, you can slide glass all day and all night.
Oh, I like the sound of that.
And he slaps the piano player on the back and is like, Hey, does that mean that I, that
it'll be a piano there for me to tickle the fun, tickle the, tickle the operates?
Keith has a, another Keith pop up in front of him and like get down on all fours and
Keith steps up on his back.
Anybody here that wants to come with me, you'll have a place.
Anything you want, I can give to you.
If you come with me, gesture over to Clark.
So, uh, make your decision.
I guess I won't be mad.
He won't be mad.
This is that scene in every dog movie where the bad guy and the main characters stand
on opposite sides and like call the dog for them.
Yeah.
And in this case, we've got a raccoon, a chunk kitty, a distinguished gray dog and old chunky
proud chipmunk.
We've got Tyler, the excitable black lab, a friendly woodpecker, an old gray squirrel,
a golden retriever.
Bean is there as well.
Salem, the cat's body has been mewing constantly at the radio, just pawing at the radio and
mewing over and over Archie and taco joined the group as well.
And that whole mess of fun time, content your contention, create a career coalition
animals all swarm toward Keith Clark.
I stepped down from the Keith that's bent over and motion you toward to like step up
on there.
Please call me, call me overseer.
I'm no, I'm no longer Clark.
Over.
Keith, uh, rolls his eyes a little bit, but he's like, uh, well, I've, I've said my piece,
uh, overseer say what you must.
I'm going to need your help here, Keith.
Yeah.
Everybody ready?
We're going to send you Clara Blankenship and Casey Kristoff.
The only two that I haven't mentioned yet.
Also go and join the group that is standing over by the Keith's who's in a Clark slash
overseers group.
I don't, I don't picture us dividing like that.
Do you?
Uh, no, but that's, what's funny is that Keith is seeing as, as a competition and everyone
goes to Keith side and he just looks at you at this smug face.
Okay.
Yeah, they're all this fucking eyes.
I guess they all, I guess they went with God.
Your wife kissed me on the cheek earlier tonight.
Wait, what is that from?
I think you should leave and look at you now.
Everyone's coming to party in my house.
I will say, uh, I was not picturing it like that at all.
I was thinking like, if you want to go back to your old life, go with him.
If you want to follow a, uh, have you heard of Jesus, a Jesus like character?
Come with me.
Overseer has been in concert with you because I think that the deal is that the overseer
is going to be able to help like create portals, but you're the one who's going to be able
to create realities.
Yeah.
The Clark is staying here to wait his time in the tower.
What's Don doing?
What's John doing?
He's rolling off almost into the sunset on planet juggernaut, but he looks down at
Don as he passes and he says, uncle Don, you've been in this world a lot longer than
me and I plan on bringing some law to it.
You want to ride the juggernaut across these cosmic planes with me?
Don like formally crumpled over hugging the thing.
Did not know that you were John because he thought the John he was with was the John.
Oh, Hey, there were three of us, bud.
Hearing the voice because he's heard it so many times come from the spheres.
Now he's like, you're a hell yeah boy.
Hell yeah.
And he's like, starts like getting super pumped.
He puts the wand into his pants pocket and like runs up to the planet juggernaut and
he's like, let's bring some law to this lawless land.
Yeah, fuck yeah.
And whose arm shoots down from like high atop planet juggernaut and your nephew, your
whose nephew like flings you up on top next to him and together you top planet juggernaut
into the sunset.
Yes.
Oh, I want to read that comic.
Oh my God, brother Nick Nichols is that planet juggernaut about to head the fuck out of here
out into the sunset forever?
My brother, it does appear he's heading off into a sort of sunset if I had to put a word
to it.
Oh my God.
Well, before he quite leaves, let's go ahead and get our question in.
They keep calling him Keith.
What do you think about this fellow so far?
Now, is this the Keith that we like or is this another Keith?
I would say that we definitely like this one because he seems to be granting people's
wishes and my wish to this Keith.
Are you listening Keith?
Hundreds of voices.
I don't know about you Nick, but for me personally, I would love for Richard Dick Nichols to join
us here of this very last treasurable time in our lives.
What do you think about getting them here?
The wildest versions of them that are-
I'd love to get all of the family back together.
As you're talking and looking at each other, you can see on either of your necks, something
start to like kind of start poking out.
Oh my goodness.
Oh, heavens.
Oh, Dick Nichols.
Is that you?
I believe it is, brother.
Haven't seen you in forever, my dear.
Oh, clasp hands with me, brother.
Oh, yes.
And our hands are tiny little hands that are what?
Poking out of skin?
No, your heads just grow like on your neck and shoulder.
So you're like two-headed.
Should we nuzzle our-
Yes.
Oh, nuzzle with me, brother.
Yes, our nipples will touch forever.
You know, when I first heard those characters, I thought they were just, you know, like British
or something, you know, like all the classic movie villains.
But then I realized they were actually queer coded, like all the classic movie villains.
So aren't you the classic movie villains, Zack and Justin?
I would say that we're the heroes of this story, my dear.
Oh, everyone thinks different.
They don't know what they're talking about.
Oh, this simpleton talking to us.
Oh, my goodness.
He knows none of what he speaks.
Well, I personally think it's really nice to have the nickel nickels.
There's all the four nickels, quad nickels, all together here, coming up right now.
We're all walking up here, all playing and jogging on.
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, look at him.
He's round.
He's round, brother.
He's a round bound of something, I tell you.
I want to work.
Wait, what do you want to do?
Well, what are we going to do now?
Should we ask him if we could come with him?
Hold on.
He holds both his microphones out and walks directly towards them.
Nick walks out.
Ting, ting, ting.
Mr. Juggernaut.
So Goo John feels like a tug at his shoulder.
And it's this little tendril from Planet Juggernaut.
And they stopped their dramatic mosey into the sunset.
And John looks down.
And he sees the nickels far below him.
And there's this little Planet Juggernaut tendril right next to him in the shape of
a hand with its finger out, given the just a minute hand gesture.
What do you need, boys?
Ask him, Nick.
I don't know if I can, Nick.
Oh, come on.
I bet you can do it.
Oh, we believe you must do it.
Okay.
Do you think we could...
I'm holding both the microphones up, and I'm pressing them against him.
Can we follow you and, like, you do stuff and we say stuff in the microphone?
Ellie, talk about it.
Follow me, boys.
And then a little, like, vacuum hose comes out.
And the microphones are ripped out of your hands.
And almost the skin is nearly ripped off your hands.
And then you are sucked into Planet Juggernaut.
Okay, Jon, we can go.
But before you really can go, this whole time, Drew Andrews has been making his way
assertively out toward Planet Juggernaut and Jon to say one final farewell.
Jon sees it.
He doesn't need...
He sees Drew strutting out towards him.
Oh, nay.
Whoa.
Horse things.
Hold on, Planet Juggernaut.
Do you have any cool BDSM stuff on Planet Juggernaut to, like, hold on?
Like horses have?
Horses do have cool BDSM stuff on, don't they?
I never thought of it that way.
Horses are rad.
Horses are freaks, yeah.
No.
Asked and answered.
I know.
So there is, like...
It doesn't look like it's even attached.
It's the right size, but it looks so comically small on the top of Planet Juggernaut.
But you just have a perfect just, like, cowboy saddle made out of the shifting, starry,
ethereal, incandescent, iridescent star, like, muck.
Beautiful.
It is beautiful.
From inside you here.
Well, that was wonderful.
So, yeah, he pulls on some, like, imaginary reins.
He's sitting on the saddle, but there are no reins.
He and Planet Juggernaut are pretty much as one.
They're both ball.
You can't see the tendril going from...
Oh, God.
Butthole to butthole.
Like a merry-go-round horse.
But you're the horse.
Um...
Do you like that?
Nope.
No, I was thinking more like some kind of...
So Drew Andrews joins you on the plane.
John, I just wanted to say thank you before you go.
For what, Drew?
Thank you for always being there for us.
You taught me a lot.
You taught me how to shoot a gun and how to be a man.
And also, some of those lessons were, like,
those kinds of lessons where you learn from one another not to do stuff.
But I think that you're, like, a really...
I think you are always trying your best.
And I really...
I think that's cool.
Hey, I think you're pretty cool too, man.
Just remember what I taught you, though.
You remember where the clitoris is, right?
Adios.
Jesus Christ.
A beautiful moment and pretending to be me.
Unless, Drew, would you want to come with me?
Yeah, I think that I have more to learn because I didn't know when you just said that.
I don't know.
You're gonna have to tell me again as we go.
And Agent Trent Catt, the beautiful black cat that was once called Salem,
but now is embodied by the spirit of Agent Trent Chad,
is running around the ankles and rubbing against the ankles of Drew Andrews.
And so Drew picks up this black cat and throws the cat up on his shoulders.
And the cat kind of wraps himself around Drew's shoulders.
And he's like, what do you say, Agent Trent Catt?
No, he can't come.
Oh, okay.
I'm kidding.
Oh, okay.
Oh, every time with this guy.
Yeah, I mean, like, my brothers used to do stuff like that a lot to me.
And I just can't, like, you know, they go out for a cheers with a beer bottle
and they whack the top of real hearts so it flows out the top, you know.
What?
It makes you go out the top?
Well, that's yeah.

Will you do that to me soon?
Okay.
It's sad.
It's sad how we write.
Hold on.
I think that was perfect.
All right, great.
Moving on.
That's a series wrap on Drew Andrews, everybody.
Oh, yeah.
Wow, really good job, Drew.
As Planet Juggernaut and friends write off...
Get as far away from Jesus, Keith, as they can.
Some may ride with that boy.
Yeah, I don't trust this messianic message of his.
As they write off into the mostly pure darkness,
Keith pops the sun up so that they can ride into the sunset.
Oh, fuck yeah.
And as they do, Keith takes special note of Planet Juggernaut's shape.
I like it.
Ominous.
Well, Clark, I think we're about to get out of here.
Are you gonna be okay?
Is there anything you need or want from me?
He's had a grin on this entire time.
This is his own personal wish fulfillment.
He's serving this purpose that he's always wanted to.
I'm good, guys.
I thank you all for your help and I'm gonna thank you 10 times over
because I know how this all ends now, but it's good to know at least.
I'm happy.
I'm good.
Well, I'm happy to hear that.
And then Keith puts his hand on Clark's shoulder and there's like a sudden,
almost like a sound wave or something.
Something kind of pushes coming from the tower that you're going to be residing in.
And Clark won't know it, but every single cabinet drawer filled with microwave dinners.
Yes.
But no microwave.
Or freezer.
So they melt immediately.
It's a horror game.
Hell in the rotten tower.
Keith takes his hand off Clark and gives him, you know, one of those kind of last looks
where we both know, like, it might be a while.
Solid nod shared.
Keith is content knowing Clark's going to find a way to heat these microwave dinners up.
Hey, Clark, if you ever need anything from me, like,
you ever get hungry and need to eat in 30 seconds, let me know.
Clark, if you ever need anything from me, just think it.
I'll feel it.
You, you, you, you gotta, but I mean, I'm going to need a lot from you eventually,
but it's in the past and you've already done it.
So it's all, we're all good.
Thank you.
Keith gives that one last look to Clark and he kind of turns around and looks at the
so many last looks.
Well, I mean, you know, it's a big moment.
It is a, it is a big moment.
It's a big moment, Keith.
I mean, on the horizon, uh, John, Don and Planet Juggernaut take a last look back at
you guys.
And John raises his ooze hat.
And then Keith Keith's returns to his congregation.
Y'all ready?
And then they blip out of this existence and they blip into contention, which at this
point has been just completely destroyed by, can you Zach, can you give us a quick rundown
of why and how contention has been destroyed?
Looking over top at the town of contention.
We're topping contention.
Contention's such a power bottom, guys.
This story ends on an unseasonably cold December 6th in a small town called Contention.
A snow flurry can be seen under the street lights on an empty country road.
I don't want to, I don't want to tell you how to do your job unless it's like super
important that it's snowing.
Wouldn't it be perfect if it's unseasonably warm?
No, I already wrote it all like this.
I like it.
Was it unseasonably warm when we started playing?
Yeah, now it's like I described snow on like half the shit in this.
That's me talking about snow.
Let's just take out the snow stuff though.
Yeah, what if you didn't?
What if it was-
Okay.
Can you rewrite it really quick?
You know what?
Hey, how about this?
Let's try it out.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna say what I prepared.
We'll plug in no snow.
No, I'm gonna, I'm gonna-
Every time I say something about snow, you guys all say no snow.
Okay?
Are you ready?
Yeah.
That's not, that's not ruin what you've written.
Yeah, I want to hear it in its, in its wholeness.
Well, you guys aren't playing along.
Thomas will fucking do it.
I'll play along.
This story ends on an unseasonably Jack Pearlman.
This story ends on an unseasonably cold December 6th in a small town called the Contention.
A snow flurry-
No snow.
Can be seen under the street lights on an empty country road.
A snow flurry is a light snowfall that results in little or no snow accumulation.
He said the thing.
Ahead, there's a blockade made of splintered church pews obstructing the exit
and the sign from Subtropolis has been torn down and spray-painted with instructions.
Says detour, please keep right.
In the quiet parking lot of Hotel Motel, an empty dunking booth sits alone.
The door to Keith's room is open and the door to Keith's safe is open as well,
revealing the empty place where he kept the watch he stole from his brother's cold wrist.
At the corner of a desolate intersection, the burned-out husk of a truck is wrapped
around the base of a billboard for a wild business called Owls, Tires, and Tigers.
But the word tiger and the picture of the tiger have both turned to ash,
making the business look far more mundane.
Out north of town, John Lee Pettymore's house sits abandoned.
Two sizable holes had been dug deep into the property.
Inside, the house is still a mess.
There wasn't much time to clean after Keith turned it inside out,
looking for cocaine that was buried.
And Thomas, what does any Pettymore who knows anything know about what John left here?
Well, John left his millions of dollars.
Fives of millions of dollars.
Five million dollars hidden somewhere on this property.
Across town is a small vacant baseball diamond.
Little bits of snow fall and melt on the metal bleachers,
which are lit by a concession hut neon sign for the contention trucks.
Trucks bring it.
Trucks bring it!
Trucks bring it!
Trucks bring it!
Clark Bishop's parents' house exists, barren as ever.
Light flickers out the open front door in a way which shows the television is still on.
At the twice-forsaken vampire-themed water park, Splashylvania,
the spiraling duet of slides that are the two-fanged plunge
have been stained brown with the blood of Leo Piston and Julie Maxwell.
Curiously, the sign for Klinker's local drinking hole and unrivaled daycare
seems to be missing seven letters from its list of happy hour bottle specials.
Corona is missing an N, so Coroa.
Bush Lite is missing an L, so Bushite.
Past Blue Ribbon, which is missing S-T-U-E-N.
Pab- Pable Ribbo.
Pable Ribbo.
I have one, Pable Ribbo.
Is it perhaps R-S-T-L-N-E?
It is not.
It is N-L-S-T-U-E-N.
The contention woods are silent.
There are no people.
There are no animals.
There's only a slight chilly breeze pushing on the trees gently
as the flurry of snow falls at an angle.
No snow.
Back in the suburbs.
Looking through the busted front window of James the Millworker's house
treats the viewer into an empty grand piano.
Not a string to be hit with a hammer to be found.
However, scratches on the tile leading out the front door
show that something heavy and metal was pulled up from a hiding spot
under the kitchen floor and dragged out of the house.
Over at A Plus Storage, three storage units, G10, G11, and G12
sit unlocked, open, and completely empty.
The halls of the First Church of Contention are flooded by two feet of water
and countless fish swim contentedly from the Sunday School classrooms
to the chapel to the baptism tank, which is still filled with water.
Alternatively, Chief Maggie Cook's home burned to the ground
is just a plot of carbon debris that looks out on a sloppily refilled beans pond
next to which lays the lifeless body of Anne Love
dressed to die in an emerald green suit with a black silk bow tie.
Her face is frozen in a cold, vacant smile
behind icy asymmetrical bangs covering one of her eyes
and a big chonky fluffer of a snowflake floats down
and lands directly on Agent Karen's exposed blood-red eyeball.
The delicate solid slowly dissolves, fills the convex reservoir,
and a single crimson drop pushes over the edge of the eye-skin basin
and runs down the face of the woman who killed Clark Bishop's parents.
As we zoom out, we see the knife he plunged well through the top of her shattered skull.
And we continue to zoom out over the quiet town of Contention
until Keith, he gets everybody that's coming with and just snaps his fingers
and they all show up in the pretty much decimated Contention.
Keith pops back into hundreds of Keiths and shouts
Clean up, clean up, everybody do you share?
A montage of... Hell yes!
Cleaning montage. How does Jack Pearlman clean, Justin?
I mean, handsomely.
We can all agree on that. Whatever he's doing, it looks good.
I picture Everett Pace like fully hunched over but going like a million miles an hour.
Does he have like a little tiny broom with a dust pan?
No, yeah, I was gonna say he's not going 100 miles an hour.
He's actually really focused on like one little patch of dirt that he can handle himself.
Get this right in here, alright?
You literally get one little like intersection median just looking fucking excellent.
You could eat off of this here.
It's grass and dirt and like flowers and shit.
As the sun goes down, Keith pops back into one Keith and
Okay, it's probably about six more days of this and then we'll be set in Keith tension.
Rinse and repeat for six more days and then...
Okay, so during this time a few people have heard tell that you are giving away things.
Your reward, yeah, you're giving away wishes, of course.
Thank you for rebuilding Keith tension.
Exactly. Fucking great.
You've got like a campaign slogan, there's signs up.
Keith Vermeer.
Already?
Well, first off, Gary Daley is going to approach Keith with enormous eyes and a sort of reverence.
He almost bows as he holds up.
Don't be silly.
He holds up this figurine of Harry Klinker that you gave him.
I've been working real hard for the past four days and we only got two more to go and I know
Harry'd be real good at working alongside us and getting Keith tension all up and ready to go.
If you could, if you could do me that favor.
You want me to bring him back?
Well, I want one.
I know that's bad.
I know that that means that I'm taking him from one of me, but I'm me and I want, I want one.
Can I have one?
I don't see how anything could go wrong.
Yeah, no.
Okay.
Keith thinks real hard.
Oh wait, can you give me one that was like really close to like the same kind of world
that I lived in where all this stuff went nutty, but then like at the last minute, maybe he's like
saved and different or maybe one where I'm dead.
Oh, that'd be good.
One where I'm dead.
Keith's like, yeah, sure.
But it's just the first one that opens up.
He gets that, gets that one.
Okay.
So do you want to roll for me?
Yeah.
Okay.
So what is, what would be good for me and what would be numbers?
A one out of 100 shot that this is a good.
You tell me numbers.
Any number or like a range of numbers?
I would say any number will do, but that would mean the range.
Like I roll under a certain thing.
Oh, under 49, under 50 or over 50.
Okay.
So under 50 is good.
Under 50 is good.
Okay.
Fuck.
92.
Okay.
So shitty.
The world that opens up.
This is what it feels like to be a player.
And I hate it.
The world that opens up.
Welcome to hell.
They, they are super close with each other.
Nothing bad has really happened in their lives until one day.
Okay.
Keith just shows up, grabs him off the sofa, blips back and it puts him in key tension.
Harry, Harry.
I miss you so much.
What the oh, oh no.
Oh shit.
I rolled sanity.
11.
Chris success.
Harry clinker completely understands the situation.
God, God, that's you.
Keith.
You can call me Keith.
Oh my God.
Little hot dog boy.
What little hot dog became God.
What kind of sick world you bring me into?
I like this a whole lot.
Hey, Hey.
This worked out so well.
Oh my God.
You rolled bad.
I wrote good.
Hey, I love that.
Can we open up clinkers here?
That way we can get a good time rolling.
I've snapped my fingers in a hundred Keith's instantly rebuild clinker.
Fuck.
Daycare's open.
Mildred Mitchell comes in hot, dragging her Tildy B Mitchell by the ear.
This Tildy B is now wearing a pair of big bull britches.
And Mildred looks at this Keith and is like, you're going to make this right?
How?
I can.
This is you, right?
I can get you.
I can get you your Tildy.
You did what to my daughter?
And then you do this?
Do you know what happened to your daughter?
She starts crying immediately.
Let's go of this fucking Keith, pushes her away, falls to her knees and starts crying
onto the ground.
I saw what happened, what you did to her.
She's okay.
I'll show you.
And he, uh, gets her Tildy.
You fucking piece of shit.
Oh my God.
All right.
Ask and ye shall receive, Mildred.
Oh no.
I love when given the chance to be a good person with godlike powers, Keith is still
like, what could I possibly do to make this person be happier?
I don't understand emotion.
It makes a lot of sense to me that once there were infinite keys, he understood so much
less.
Walking through this portal is a skeletal creature with skin so thin, her bones protrude
into view.
Her nail beds are empty, bruises and lesions cover her body and with pure hatred in her
eyes, Tildy B. Mitchell shrieks.
Okay, I'm gonna try some magic on her.
And he like kind of reaches his hand out and as you reach your hand out, go ahead and roll.
That's a thorny vine.
Yeah, that's a success.
So what happens to her skin and body to make her look normal again?
Fingernails grow back immediately.
It's a great start.
Her skin plumps up, gets some color to it.
Her hair quickly grows out.
It's almost too long now.
You're doing great.
You're doing great.
What else happened to her?
Her scream turns into like a little girl's cry and everything else is better.
The two of them run off in a warm embrace, crying and speaking to each other like they
haven't in days.
You're welcome.
The old west folk get their saloon.
Everett Pace gets his little shack at the edge of a vast tract of land owned and roamed
by one Jack Pearlman.
The sun is hitting the dew on the long grass of this pasture and you see a couple horses
and you see, you see, uh, Oh my God, my brain doesn't work right now.
Are you trying to say Jack Pearlman?
Jack Pearlman.
God.
We're all like sitting here like, is he going to fucking say?
I'm blue.
Teasing you guys.
You see Jack Pearlman riding on his horse past the little shack.
He looks very content.
Shun.
And he's like morning Everett and Everett's out there on, on his, his parcel in the yard
there in his long John's.
And, uh, he's, he, he had just gotten out of a tub of water that he had been bathing
in.
And, uh, the, uh, the top of the long John's is hanging off and he's all skin and hunched
over bones.
And, Oh, Hey, Hey Jackie, you just, you just caught me in the, I was getting out of the
tub.
Thanks again for this plot of land here.
This is, this is, this is what this is all I ever dreamed of.
Anytime Everett.
Anytime.
He gets back to buttoning up his, uh, long John's and he's, he's going to go back inside
and, uh, go and check the stock down in his, uh, his root cellar there.
He's living a simple life out there.
Investing in stocks.
Yeah.
S T A L K S
Nice.
And finally, Luke, tell me what Keith has been up to.
Um, he stands at the, is it pulpit pulpit, pulpit, pulpit.
He's got a choir of Keith's off to the side, kind of singing like that behind him is stained
glass with various depictions of Keith, his dog beans, some other characters.
Oh yeah.
You know, so many other story of Keith in stained glass.
Yeah.
But everybody kind of looks like Keith a little bit.
Yeah.
Even beans kind of looks like a man face dog, man face dog.
That's the villain of the next season.
And yeah, the camera.
Pans, pans, pans, the camera pans to the pews and it's filled with everybody that came
back to contention and a lot of people that kind of look like Keith.
There were a bunch of people from the city too.
So they would all be here from the city and Keith's up there like, yeah.
So that's basically how, um, how this all happened.
Uh, you guys have any questions for me?
Then we pan up and out of the first church of contention and we see the sign that says
welcome to Keith tension.
I've got right here something I'm calling the loose threads montage.
Are you ready for the loose threads montage?
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
You could have called it a cop out.
We didn't have any loose threads, did we?
It's going to be a short segment.
Loose threads montage!
Loose threads in the world's tightest RPG podcast.
Two United States senators stood arms crossed behind a thick pane of glass.
Oh wait, it's threads we never even touched?
This is acts like, Hey idiots, here's the parts of the game you never, you could have
met senators, you fucking morons.
But like, Nope.
He did say every time, you know, he's like, I've got these characters and they're moving
while you're moving.
And if you interact with them, that's what happens.
But otherwise they're still following their own agendas.
We just didn't know it included the fucking president.
Two United States senators.
We could have called the president.
They stood arms crossed behind a thick pane of glass as they watched an entire lab full
of gaunt, tall men in white lab coats over black suits work with unnatural efficiency.
And one said to the other, so that's what I've been trying to convey to you.
I'm not saying you have to vote yes on the bill.
These things are telling you that you have to vote yes on the bill or they'll kill you
and your husband.
You remember that couple, that bar corp guy's parents, they were found at home with their
head smashed in.
That's what William and Lena beans got for having spines.
So now, and he kept talking as all these translucent skinned lab coated creatures, one by one,
began popping and morphing into myriad types of Keiths.
And just as suddenly they each blipped out of existence entirely.
We zoom into the back wall of this now empty lab and focus in on the myriad logo, four
double helices forming a capital M as in myriad.
And the M logo fades and reveals an ink M formed by a typewriter that has also finished
the name that follows, which is Marvin.
We're in a dark smoky room and a shaky pair of hands has just placed a transparency of
this file on the glass family crime boss on a dusty old overhead projector.
A grumbling man says, Marvin Glass is dead.
The other voices in the room, rhubarb, peas and carrots, and someone says, who will take
over the business?
And the same shaky hands replace Marvin Glass's overhead sheet with one that shows a picture
of Keith's genius niece, Francis beans.
This picture of Francis on the wall of this murky room morphs into the bloated lifeless
face of the Francis beans you all left to drown face down in Marvin Glass's fish tank.
But the long wobbly fingers of a strangely shaped woman and wonky goggles slowly tap
against this corpse currently dead face.
With her other hand of equally long wobbly fingers, this mad scientist types out a to
do list in her phone's notes, which is like a notebook, but on your phone.
And she types to do kill Kennedy, kill Harrison, kill McKinley.
Triangle shape screen wipe!
Agent McKinley, the old man with dead eyes, is secured to a chair by his straight jacket
in the middle of a small padded room.
The door opens and agents Kennedy and Harrison on either side make way for Donovan Westhaven
in a new black suit.
Donovan walks up to the room's threshold, raises his pistol, fires, and the three agents
walk away down a hall and into a spacious, well decorated office.
A woman welcomes you into her office.
She has shoulder length, curly hair, and a mouth that not only takes up half of her face,
it is showing an amount of unbridled pleasure you can barely comprehend.
Donovan!
We're almost out of these code names.
So go ahead and choose between Agent Taylor or Agent Garfield.
I guess I'll be Taylor.
Agent Taylor it is!
Okie dokie!
Okie dokie, yeah.
Your next mission is to retrieve a missing person!
Yay!
And she opens up a folder to reveal a picture of the man who disappeared at his daughter's
funeral, Stan Manstein.
Cut to Stan Manstein as he picks up the receiver of a phone and begins talking into it.
Cut to whatever is on the other end of that phone.
That would be the Myriad in Keith's body.
Yes.
That's in a cage.
Yes.
Forced to answer that phone.
Where?
In the contention police department.
The Keith tension?
The Keith tension keith department.
That Myriad that's trapped in Keith's body is in a cage in the Keith tension police department
and it answers the phone.
It writes down notes into a notebook, rips off the page, and hands it, pokes it through
one of the small holes of its cage to the noir overseer here in Keith tension.
What does he look like?
I mean, picture a noir detective.
He's wearing it because that's what he did when he designed it.
I don't know what that means.
That's exactly how he did it when he put together this costume.
It's a long trench coat with a fedora and just a button-down shirt with a tie that's already
haphazardly tied around his neck.
He's already had a day, it looks like.
He's got stubble.
Yeah, this is the overseer as a noir style detective.
Yep, I love it.
You love it.
We're all here for it.
This is his reward.
He takes the piece of paper out of this myriad's hand that's still in the form of Keith for
some fucking reason and in this cage.
No one will ever see him anyway, it doesn't matter.
Blips out to solve his case in a blink of blinding light.
Okay, yeah, so contention is rebuilt.
Everybody is having a great time.
Seemingly happy, yeah.
I've granted wishes to anyone that asked them of me to the best of my ability.
Everybody's having a great time in this weird

Every time the overseer gets back from one of his cases, he describes it to Keith, who
is doing a true crime podcast.
Do you do the podcast live every Sunday from the pulpit?
Yes, yes, it's recorded and mandatory.
In order to be a citizen of Keith Tension, you have to go to story time on Sunday night.
Oh my God.
Um, and after, you know, a few weeks of this, everybody's getting settled in and it's kind
of a Keith-topia, really.
Well, literally, if you know what that means-
Shut up, Thomas!
Appropriate.
Fucking, anyway, yeah, one day Keith is finishing his Sunday morning service and everybody goes
outside the church and there's a big dark something in the sky and everybody's like-
It's a bird, it's a plane, it's a Keith.
As it gets closer, you can tell it's like thousands of Keiths carrying a giant iron
dome and Keith is like waving them in, like they can-
Oh my God.
Yeah, and he gets- make sure it gets centered and they put it over the town of Keith Tension
and so now everybody can enjoy the darkness.
Oh my God.
Luke, that's literally what Mr. Burns did to Springfield in the Simpsons.
And we're from Springfield.
Yeah, but it's an iron dome.
The Simpsons- I'm just saying, the Simpsons predicted-
Oh shit.
Over the centuries, this town develops no eyeballs, but they can, you know-
No more of that, no more of that.
The cave people who keep tension.
I don't want to think of the mole people who love contention.
You don't go to the dome.
You'll not date a dome girl.
She has no eyes.
But father, I love her.
I'll hear no more of this.
She sees more than any other girl I know.
She sees more than you, you blind old fool.
Mary and Caroline, I'm on the borderline.
Leaving my mind at your altar, crossing the double line, doing it every time.
Tell me what kind of world are you living in?
What kind of world are you living in?
And the channel changes, and we see the tops of trees,
thick enough to obscure any view of what is below and covered in a layer of kudzu.
They seem to go on endlessly.
Up and down, over hills and valleys, mountains and gorges,
there is nothing but dense, verdant forest.
A circular, calm lake finds itself somewhere in the midst of this lush wilderness,
and in the middle of that lake, a small island with less than a quarter mile from shore to shore.
Stunningly gorgeous flowers in every shade and shape fill varied gardens and planters
that somehow both overrun the terrain and complement it perfectly.
There's a small welcome sign that reads, welcome to calm, comfy campground.
At the edge of the water, Maggie Cook sits on top of a bulky metal box.
Based on the path left in the wake of this thing,
it took some real elbow grease to drag this hefty container all the way out here.
But Maggie doesn't look tired from hoofing this thing out to the lake.
She looks mentally exhausted, emotionally brutalized.
She looks done.
Her dad is dead, Fergie is dead, Leon is dead, Anne is dead, and Clark isn't coming.
She failed everyone, she failed herself.
Maggie Cook stands up and walks toward the large, equally cute and cozy,
hexagonal building in the middle of this island.
Inside, she finds a thick manila envelope, and her own handwriting is scrawled,
New Maggie in black marker.
She picks up this envelope, holds her new life against her chest, and opens a door
into a room completely filled with stunningly gorgeous flowers in every shade and shape.
Maggie Cook takes a deep breath, and shuts the door behind her.
Welp.
Looks like it's about time for me to leave this newfangled contention.
One Keith was too much for me, much too much.
But more than that, I can smell that I might be needed elsewhere in some dimension.
I've sopped up all the grease a growin' boy like me can round these parts.
It's time to move on to greasier pastures.
Me and my dog, Wolf the dog, will always be there when you need us.
Just look for us to be, uh, grabbin' a bite at your local diner's dumpster.
Remember, y'all, this ain't goodbye, it's smell ya later, my babies.
My children, my most trusted confidants, my mortal enemies.
But before I go, I do have a brand new song here hot off the presses.
Too hot to handle, ouchie ouchie.
It's time to premiere this fresh track, this tasty, toasty sonata of a new release.
You never heard this song before.
It's kudzu with no back bone.
Hot dog.
How am I the only one tryin' to pull over?
How can ya have enough drownin' out of the noise?
With no back bone, no back bone, no back bone.
Fight, fight, street me down, takes me back to where you're from.
Don't stop, a dime of devotion to only one.
With no back bone, no back bone, no back bone, no back bone.
Don't give up, don't give up, don't give up, don't give up.
Don't give up, don't give up, don't give up, don't give up.
Don't give up, don't give up, don't give up, don't give up.
