Garbage in the morning, garbage in the evening, garbage at suppertime.
When garbage is on a bagel, you can eat garbage anytime.
Welcome my trash bags, it's your dumpster diving daddy, Wolf the dog, and we are broadcasting
live from 694.2 PTBP.
And I am here to eat y'all, because that's just what I do.
Feast on dumpster meats.
Heck, it ain't even gotta have meat in it for me to chow down.
You ever had a waffle that's been soaking in that sinful syrup that collects in the
bottom of an industrial trash compactor?
Five star yelp review every time, baby.
Speaking of hot syrupy trash, this week's Howlin' with Wolf comes from Anissa, aka
ripsawunderdashunicorn, who tweeted about this show and tagged at Pretendin' Pod.
They write, Dear Wolf,
The other day I drove by a steakhouse and saw a crow dipping the french fry in the dumpster
juices.
I couldn't help but think of you, a true creature of culinary sophistication.
Also, I'd like to give my best buddy Mandy a shoutout.
Keep on kickin' ass.
Ah, yes, the finest gourmands, my flyin' rat friends.
Fried roots dipped in a dumpster au jus.
I'll have what he's havin'.
I remember my first serving of that at the Outback Steakhouse, which was just a dumpster
outback of a steakhouse.
I also love the bloomin' onion, which is just when an onion has been sittin' around for
way too long and gets real nasty.
Wolf the dog kinda nasty.
You wanna send your old Wolfie or your best buddy Mandy a message here on 694.2?
Talk about pretending to be people on the internet.
At Pretendin' Pod on Instagram and Twitter, a 5-star review on iTunes also totally works.
If you wanna support the show, but you can't stand the thought of other people finding
out you love this trash.
We'll keep your secret over at patreon.com slash pretendin' pod.
When fake cops in city blues with a few screws loose choose to snooze on clues, I can both
amuse and accuse.
It's the news.
Leon's got the numbers in him, and he is dead set on tearin' up the dance floor.
This gave the gang plenty of time to look over everything on the laptop.
Instead, they read a few screenshots that were saved on the desktop and called it good.
The two videos also saved on the desktop, one of which showing a thumbnail of Harriet
Marks, the student who seemingly caused all this?
Nah, they good, no thanks, no need to watch those.
Too busy textin' the same person from two different phones.
Now don't get me wrong, I love these fuckin' dumb-dumbs, but sometimes you just have to
take a deep breath and focus on kudzu with no backbone.
But, like, doesn't that depend on the family member?
Do you have no one in your family, no cousin, like, who's younger than you or something?
Or you could be like, yeah, bukkake, this is what I'm-
Thomas is always trying to get the younger generations hooked on bukkake.
No, no, I'm trying, I'm, uh, opposite, I'm steering them away from bukkake.
If they know what it is, they'll know how to not see it.
I've been burned in the past.
All of my younger cousins are, like, six years old.
Oh, fuck.
Jesus Christ.
So in fact, they grew up in a bad area, so yes.
Are you the youngest, like, youngest period?
That is how it happens, Justin.
Other than me, my sister is the youngest over-
What did you say when your sister said, Luke, what is bukkake?
Well, my sister knows what bukkake is.
Yeah, she does.
Literally, before the sentence even left my mouth, I'm like, oh, goddammit.
Do you care to elaborate on that sentence that came out of your mouth?
One time on this podcast, I said, call my mama bitch, so I understand.
And I kept it, just like I'm keeping all of this.
Well, good thing my sister doesn't listen to this shit.
But we can say hello to Luke's dad, who is up to episode 14 as of recording.
18, I think, right?
Well, yeah, 18, because his theory was that the little girl that died in the fiery car crash was Contingent's savior.
Well said.
Which I thought should be canon.
Yeah, absolutely. But if you make it this far, welcome-
To the lab!
Before we start this episode, I think we should talk out of character.
Luke, say what you said again about bukkake.
I think that it's really helped my skin out.
It would, right?
I haven't had acne in a long time.
Also, I make some extra money on the side, so it's kind of win-win.
Gotta buy a lot of towels.
Because people cum on my face.
Okay, yeah, there it is.
And they pay you for that, seemingly.
Well, I mean, we make royalty money.
Like, from the king and queen, or Prince Andrew specifically?
No, the king of queens.
Hey, Kevin can wait. I just want to think that we should all-
Kevin can wait.
Leah Remini?
Alright, so if we could all go clear for a second here.
She was the real boss on that show.
I got the joke, it was good.
Thank you.
Let's talk out of character about what's happening.
I don't really, honestly, know.
Same.
I know, people, and it-
It feels like deliberately I know what's going on.
Let's take that again.
No, no, no, it feels deliberately humiliating when Zach was like,
yeah, listeners know what's going on.
That was a little deliberate.
And I feel bad, over the past week, obviously,
I've felt pretty bad about doing that.
So this time, I'm just going to say-
That you made it all up and no one knows what's going on?
Not even you?
I know that you-
I know you just make it up.
No, those people who came into the studio last week,
they weren't real.
I know, I played one.
Wait, what?
Afterwards, Joe totally conned one.
He was like, hey, if you give me $50,
I'll give you $200 in three weeks.
Oh, those people.
There was that one guy that talked like an old man,
but he didn't look that old?
There you go, you got me.
Yeah, that was the one that you played.
Right.
How did you play him after he left?
How did you play him?
What do you mean, how did I play him?
Joe played his guy.
How did you play the one dude who walked out,
your dude?
Now I get the joke you're making.
How did you play the old man?
Did you call him acting like his son and say,
hey, I'm in prison.
I need you to wire me money.
Oh, my God.
That's exactly what I did.
That happened to my grandma.
That happened to my grandma.
I was sitting in high school.
What?
This is not a joke.
This is actually a solid story.
I'm sitting in high school English class
and my cell phone is ringing incessantly
and I'm like, what the fuck?
I keep looking.
It's my dad.
The third phone call, I looked at my teacher
and I was like, hey, my dad's calling.
My grandma probably died.
And she was like, hell yeah.
Yes.
Because you just sucked in high school.
Yes, and still.
And so I go out in the hallway
and I answer the phone call
and my dad's like, where are you?
I'm like, I'm at school.
And he's like, don't lie to me, Zach.
Where are you?
I'm in English class.
I can put you on the phone with my teacher
if you want.
And I'm like, I was a good kid.
My parents trusted me.
Where were you actually though?
I was in English class.
I was gone in my grandma in Philadelphia.
Skipping a candlelight vigil
and drinking with a homeless person.
Arrestees.
So he then proceeds to tell me
that my grandma got a phone call
from someone who sounded enough like me
to trick her into almost wiring
$1,000 as my bail.
And he called me thinking that I was in jail.
And I was like, dad, how old were you?
Would they give me my cell phone?
I was a senior in high school.
The same thing happened to my grandma.
Tell the same story.
Well, it's a little different.
Different enough to be interesting.
That's what's important, baby.
I was traveling.
I was in Boston for two weeks
house-sitting for a relative.
My grandma vaguely knew that I was traveling.
But she got a call from somebody who was just like,
hello, grandma?
And she was like, yeah?
And he was like, I'm in Philadelphia
and I need $300 or whatever.
And she was like, oh, okay.
And anyway, she knew it was weird enough
to talk about it.
She called me.
Weird enough to talk about.
Yeah, she knew it was weird enough to talk about.
She was like, if I saw something,
I'm going to say something.
And she did.
Thankfully, my grandma wasn't scammed.
But now I know every time I talk to my grandma
on the phone now, I'm like, grandma, it's me.
You say your middle name?
I say my middle name, which is embarrassing.
And also vagina.
No relation.
No relation.
No what?
Thomas Vagina Cox.
No relation.
Wait, don't dox me.
Fuck you.
Have we said our last names?
Probably.
Yeah.
Okay, I'm Thomas Cox and I'm proud of you.
So outside of me saying that you guys are dumb.
No, no, no.
Don't include my last name in that
in case somebody actually does then try to dox my grandma.
And her name is, what is her full name?
You will obviously bleep that one.
Yeah, but that's it.
Also, if you give me her phone number,
I need to give her a call.
Grandma, it's Luke.
I mean, Thomas.
Thomas Vagina Cox.
Thomas Vagina Cox.
I'm in a lot of trouble.
A lot of relation.
You're my grandma.
Do you know what bukkake is?
She said, she said,
yeah, it saved me a lot of money on facial care.
My grandma knows what bukkake is.
Don't treat her like some kind of ignorant.
How do we recover from that?
Well, I'd just like to shout out my grandfather who
got your grandma into bukkake.
My God.
There's a place to cut in there somewhere.
There's gotta be, right?
Yeah.
It's just gonna be like cut and paste it together words
like a serial killer.
Like, I think that show is good.
Well, I was gonna say I have theories of what is going on.
Oh, how many?
Like two.
Two.
And the more I think about both of them,
I start poking holes in my theories.
You floated one.
So I don't think, but yeah,
we talked about this last week.
We were driving home last week and you floated the idea
that maybe people killing themselves is their goal.
Like us offing people is maybe-
Counter productive.
Counter productive.
That it's helping them achieve whatever goal
that they're trying to.
I think, I don't know if it was on the podcast
or just in conversation with you,
but talking about how when, because like when people chant
in most like Delta green things,
it's typically something bad.
Chant that for the listeners just to get the words out
as broadly as possible, Zach.
Tawil Alakol.
Tawil Alakol.
I punch him.
Yeah, I'm gonna roll.
Yeah, Zach.
40 on a 70, I shoot you in the face.
We rolled unarmed combat against you
and we kicked your ass.
But no, I was saying like,
usually I hear a chant like that and I'm like,
okay, if something's about to be summoned,
it's gonna hurt us, it's gonna be bad.
Let's stop it.
But so far when the chanting has happened,
it's just been people killing themselves.
That's another thing,
is that we haven't actually killed either one.
We've heard two, right?
We've heard the guy in the mall, the Santa mall,
and then we've heard your brother's partner, Bruce Robin.
We killed Santa, right?
We shot him, but he impaled his own head.
I shot him, he didn't die and he killed himself
and then everybody else that we didn't kill
started killing themselves.
Enchanting.
Enchanting, yeah.
Everyone in that room was chanting.
Did they start chanting after he killed himself?
Enchantment, yes they did.
Right around the time that he killed himself.
And Bruce Robin started chanting that
and I think we shot him and beat him up
and then he killed himself.
We didn't get a shot in on him.
He punched him.
Somebody shot him in the gut.
I shot him in the gut.
Oh, did you really?
One of us did.
Somebody did.
Probably Keith.
But yeah, he shot himself.
He killed himself.
In the heat of the moment,
who knows who shot who in the gut.
But yeah, so my theory now is maybe next time
it starts happening,
could it be some sort of protection spell
or I don't know, I don't know if it's like something
that's like, I don't think it's a bad thing.
I think my initial thought is,
oh, it's gonna summon an elder god demon thing,
but I don't think that's the case anymore.
Well, okay, but what we were just saying,
the path we were kind of heading down just now
was that when you do the taui ala coal,
that if you kill yourself then, it then spreads, right?
In that kind of way we just stumbled on
as we were talking.
Or if you're killed maybe.
Well, after Bruce Robin killed himself,
we blacked out, woke up naked writing numbers in blood.
And who's to say that we weren't chanting that
while we did it?
Because we don't know.
I don't remember doing that.
When the audience, when they started chanting,
did they start then doing numbers also
or were they just chanting?
They were just chanting at the end,
but they were like all mumbling to themselves
throughout the process.
And you had the one guy mopping numbers
onto the ground with paint.
And he was naked.
Well, and then you also got to remember
throughout the entire campus of CSU,
numbers everywhere written all over everything.
And why is the fucker who's with us immune to it?
That's a good question.
As we all look at Justin.
I don't know.
He really doesn't.
I don't know.
That'd be fucked up if I was like,
well, Zach told me.
Here's why.
Zach told me not to tell you guys this, but.
It's because, what is your name?
Donovan West Haven.
Haven.
He uses Roman numerals, not Arabic numerals.
And so he's not affected.
That doesn't sound right.
Numerals?
Donovan, yeah.
Numbers?
Roman numerals, right?
Well, but people are.
Roman numbers?
Yeah.
They're Roman numbers?
Luke, they're called Roman numbers.
You idiot.
Did you think it was Roman numerals?
Roman numbers.
You guys can gaslight me way too easily.
Clearly not.
No, we can't.
Luke is like, oh yeah, right, right.
Roman numbers.
Roman numbers, yeah.
I was like, man, I must have made that word up.
I'm like, fuck you.
No, I didn't.
All right.
What else?
Any other theories of what the hell?
Because you guys are so stupid.
What else?
Any other theories of what the hell could be possibly going on?
The other theory that we've been kind of operating under is that it transfers like in a chain-like
fashion.
Right.
I think I said this last episode was my initial thought was, you know, Harriet Marks died
and then Bruce Robin is saying her name and then Bruce Robin dies and we're saying numbers
that translate to his name.
You know what we never looked into is his connection to her.
Do we know that?
I don't think we have, we haven't looked into it.
How did Bruce get infected, yeah?
I don't think we've looked into it, but I also, I couldn't tell you the first step in
doing that.
And the name Bruce Robin was writing was?
Harriet Marks.
But then Leon.
A powerful businessman.
But then Leon was reciting numbers that translate to Ben Smith, who was the muscular manny,
Santa guy, right?
No, well, he was just the one who was doing squats on Santa's throne.
He wasn't one of the like hot Santas.
He was the first person that I shot.
Yes.
That was, uh, started chanting tall will Alec Cole or whatever.
Yeah, there we go.
Do you have a question for me, Zach?
Oh, right.
So you guys were just talking about what, what is the connection between Harriet Marks
and Bruce Robin?
Right.
Well, so in Harriet Marks's desk, um, I found a to do list with two, just only two items
on it.
Investigate the most corrupt.
The first is research research, most unethical corporation in the city in the city to was
who is the overseer?
So Harriet was looking into, was Harriet involved with any, like, uh, was she involved with
the student paper or was she a journalism student?
She was more of a pro union activist.
So she was looking into the overseer, which may, well, she might not have been looking
into it.
She, she stumbled upon something that the overseer.
So she was like, I got to research what this is.
First is research.
The most unethical corporation in the city, which is, I assume surprisingly not unethical.
What is it?
B and R or what was bar Corp bar Corp.
I was thinking beans and Robin, but you got it.
Bar Corp beans and Robin.
I was thinking not a, she might've been killed by Bruce Robin.
If she was poking into, into the corporation, it's definitely how she met Bruce Robin.
I think.
I don't know if she got killed.
She killed herself.
Right.
We knew that too.
Yeah, she did.
Okay.
Which is a common theme of this whole thing.
So could she have, uh, she didn't, we found out she like fell out of a fell out of her
dorm window.
Was that it?
How'd she, how'd she kill herself from the pictures that you saw that were given to you
by Leon Simpson of the crime scene.
It seemed to be a gunshot wound.
Oh really?
There was a blood splatter behind on her a wall of her dorm.
So she, she killed herself by shooting herself.
Well now that's, that's a baby.
Bruce Robin shot himself.
I mean, I don't know if that was, if there's a link there.
Like, I mean, obviously Bruce had a gun on him and was trying to kill himself at it.
I don't know if there's a link there or if it just is circumstantial that they both shot
themselves.
Are we sure they're crime scene photos?
Of Harriet Marks?
We, we looked at, yeah, we, we looked at the crime scene photos.
What if Leon shot her and took photos?
Why would he have us investigated?
Bruce did, you mean?
What would that imply?
I don't know.
Figure it out.
I know.
Tell me.
Let's get into the game.
Yeah.
I think we've covered a lot here and we've got a lot of good things being brought to
the forefront.
I don't feel any more clear.
I'm only maybe a little bit more.
I feel like the listeners are only talking to us even more.
Yeah.
If you are one of the people that supposedly know what's going on, hit me up.
Hit me up.
Tell me what's going on.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Okay.
As you guys come back to this place where you're all standing there, you were standing
around, Clark was looking at his phones and you would all know that the things that you
have not looked at that you've come across since this epidemic has ended are the two
videos on the laptop that Amelia Locke was throwing in the air.
Fuck you guys.
I got it right that time.
Did you?
There are two videos that I honestly don't know.
Did you?
I think you did for the first time.
Think about it.
Really get in your head about it.
What would you like to do?
I want to go to the lab.
I want to go to the lab too.
Yeah.
Wanting that, John head stores the lab.
Donovan, we're going to the lab.
We're going to see if those people are still in there.
Can you lead the way?
I look at John as he's turning down a hallway that is the incorrect direction and just walking
with a lot of confidence.
I'm like, hey, we're going this way.
Life is a garden of forking paths, but they all lead to our ultimate destination.
If you want to go to the lab, though, we got to go this way.
I know, but John picks a beautiful flower out of a little pot that was in the hallway
that he walked down and then he heads back towards you.
Each petal has a different number written on it.
I was going to ask if it had a number on it.
He says, what does this mean?
And he hands it to you.
It's a plastic plant.
It's a fake indoor plant.
It's cheap.
Is it?
What are the numbers?
You have nothing.
It spells out flower.
You cheap.
You have nothing.
You're like, the flower has fucking numbers on it.
Fuck you.
I said, I said my news resolution.
I look at the flower.
I'm like, it's just a flower.
I picked it because it was beautiful.
And because I look at flower and I look at John, I'm like, we're wasting time here.
We there's people that have been in there for days.
Let's go.
John puts the flower in your ear and walks.
I feel a little bit prettier.
Clark is still carrying the laptop and he's holding it up as he walks along.
How are you holding it up?
It's open.
It's open?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's open.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, cool.
When you guys go out into the campus, you hear these screams and noises that you've
heard previously all throughout the campus.
It's college, baby.
Are we cops or are we fucking experts on youth music?
Come on.
If I look over towards the bell tower, is Shamwell Chameleon still up there?
Shamwell Chameleon is on top of the minion.
Shamwell Chameleon is on top of the minion.
The minion was on top of the bell tower?
Uh-huh, yeah.
Yeah.
Dude, hey, good for Shamwell, first of all.
And she's just up there and you can hear her in the distance screaming, I gotta get higher.
Higher.
Higher.
I look at these guys and I'm like, I think we did a good thing while I pointed her.
And you can see behind her in the distance, there are black unmarked helicopters coming
into the city.
Those are probably there for her because it went viral that she wanted to get higher.
I prod Donovan in the back and I'm like, hurry up, let's go.
Okay.
Pick up the pace.
Okay.
Donovan, there are two routes to get to the lab.
Mm-hmm.
One is more direct, but it is not lit and the other one is-
Is totally fucking awesome.
Honestly, this whole situation is not lit right now.
No, yeah.
None of this has been lit, Zach.
The other one is well lit.
The British person would say it's really cool.
It's well lit.
Which one do you want to, which one do you lead them down?
I think I'd lead them down whatever I feel is the safest because Donovan's feeling like
endangered now, especially after seeing the one person be like, turn the lights off.
He's like freaked out about that shit.
Is it the well lit one?
Oh, we're going to go down the proper lit one.
So you guys don't go down the proper lit one.
Well lit.
It's lit by street lights, the tall lights that light paths and he's going to stop under
one and just stare up at it for a minute or two.
How lit is a street light?
That's pretty pedestrian.
Keith comes up next to you and looks up and I'm like, remember Harry Potter?
That thing?
Anyway.
De-luminator?
De-luminator.
That thing's awful.
Good thing we don't have one because I would have clicked it a bunch of times.
Anyway.
That would have been terrible.
It would have been a terrible moment in a podcast for sure.
Got him.
Fucking Ben Dan.
And you hear down this path.
It's channel of the day guys.
And as you guys are walking in that direction, it's getting louder and louder and you can
kind of hear that it's coming from this bench that is just around a corner.
You can only see the edge of the bench.
You can't see the fullness of the bench.
It's like in an enclave of a building that's well lit but you just can't see around the
corner.
It's tight.
But you can't see it.
What do you mean we can't tell what kind of bench it is?
No, I mean the bench is like hidden.
You can see the corner of a bench but you can't see the full bench because you haven't
gotten that far yet.
The cleaning lady comes in on Monday.
Is it around?
How much more bench could there be?
She sweeps.
Is it around the building we're going to?
No, there's just a building on the way.
I prod Donovan in the back.
I'm like, okay, really hurry up.
Let's go.
Donovan starts kind of rearing back a little bit.
Are we like super close to this?
Yeah, you're probably like 20 feet away.
It's coming up hot.
Should someone go ahead and see what this is all about?
Donovan, you've seen, think about what we just left.
Do you really want to go check out that sound?
Okay, it's straight ahead, but you guys, I'll walk behind you guys and guide you.
That doesn't make any sense.
Just go.
Just keep going straight.
I'll be behind you for sure.
I push Donovan along.
While your path may not be apparent.
Clark, I need you to help.
I'm pushing you through this.
Clark, you know me, please.
Don't make me go ahead.
Sure, sure, Donovan.
Of course.
I guess if he nears the bench, he's going to say hello.
And as you near the bench and say hello, turning the corner, you see there's an old man who
is huddled into the corner of this enclave of this building and he's crouched over and
he's got his left hand out and he's holding a citrus peeler in his other hand.
And he's slowly dragging the peeler down each of his fingers and moaning as the skin comes
off like a lime zest.
Fuck off, Zach.
Roll sanity, Joe.
Oh, fuck.
See you, boys.
I fail.
Roll a D4.
Oh my God.
So I had two sanity points and I rolled a one.
So I've got one sanity.
Okay.
You're clinging on.
You're fine.
I join him.
That sounds way more rational than anything.
There is actually a light coming down on him.
I get up real close to him.
He found a nice little spot here, it looks like.
And he's just turning his fingers into those of a skeleton.
I go up and I kick him in the shin.
Okay.
Roll sanity when you turn the corner and see what's happening here.
I pass 24 on 26.
Wow.
Oh no, I have 23.
I fail 24 on 23.
Oh, fuck.
I thought I had 23.
That sucked.
So yeah, I fail.
Okay.
Sounds good.
I need you to leave the room.
Get the fuck out of here.
You're not welcome to hear this next part.
Bye bye.
John Lee Pettymore and Donovan Westhaven, you see Keith Vigna turn the corner where
Clark has disappeared to and then Keith Vigna immediately turns around and comes walking
back and he is repeating the numbers for Bruce Robin.
I grab Donovan by the chest, or by his shoulders, and I'm like, let him go.
There's nothing you can do for him.
For who?
Him.
Okay, I wasn't going to do it.
Don't.
I wasn't going to do anything.
But don't.
What the fuck is happening right now?
Clark is going to yell from the alcove, hey, uh, you fellas, this is, uh, you know, Donovan
especially, you're not going to want to see what's going on over here.
I just, uh, just put up the blinders and keep walking.
Okay.
Okay, Clark.
Thank you.
Do you join them to continue down this path?
No, I'm going to linger here for a second.
And I want to say to the man, why are you, why are you doing that?
Oh yeah, feels good.
Are there any numbers around him?
Oh yeah.
Can I discern any words that I would know?
He's writing in blood.
Clark would see the numbers four, one, one, four, eight, five, one, one, eight, two, zero,
written all around him.
Oh, got to become bone.
Yeah.
Keith's always the one who's good at doing the numbers.
Uh, so if they're just single integers, it doesn't spell anything.
It's D A A D H E A A H B.
And then I don't know what zero is, but then if, hold on, let me see the numbers.
Four eleven, I could be, I guess it's 20.
So it might be four, one, 14, eight, five, 11, eight, 20.
It's my guess.
Let me write down the numbers.
Okay.
We're not recording.
Okay.
We are.
That's fun.
People like this.
Four, one, one, four.
You don't have to say that cause I edit the podcast.
Eight, five.
People like this.
Four, one, one, four, eight, five.
Eleven, eight, two, zero.
Eight, two, zero.
Uh, I figured out the numbers.
Actually, I'm not talking to anybody.
I figured out the numbers.
Uh, it spells Dan Hart.
D A N H E A R T.
I want to say that name to him.
Oh.
Does that mean anything to you, sir?
Co worker.
Oh yeah.
Do you work at a bar corp?
No.
And he's wearing like a CSU janitorial uniform.
Dan Hart was a coworker.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
And he's just like peeling and just the thinnest layer of old man paper thin skin is coming
off each finger as he does it.
Is it dead skin?
No.
Damn it.
Did Dan die?
Yeah.
How'd he die?
Oh God.
Yeah.
And he finishes and it just, the skin hits the ground and he looks up at you and looks
dead in your eyes and he says, hung himself in front of me.
Oh yeah.
How long ago?
Oh no time.
Well that's true.
Agreed.
Oh yeah.
Oh there it is.
That's the good stuff.
Well you have a fun night.
Carry on citizen.
And as you guys move through, Keith Vigna is coming with you if you'd bring him essentially.
This is the first time I think that Clark has been, has witnessed one of the crew doing
this.
So he wants to turn around on Keith.
Keith.
Keith.
Nothing.
He's just mumbling these.
I'm going to smack him.
Doesn't even face him.
John.
Yeah.
Like John moves to stop his hand as he goes to smack him.
He gets through because he already did it.
But John moves to stop it and he's like, do not disturb the traveler in his moment of
passage.
The traveler.
Is he the...
You are the traveler.
I thought he was.
I don't understand, John.
Keith.
Wake up, dammit.
I turned to Donovan, Donovan, is this, is this what we were like?
Leon was on the floor, but yeah, you guys were just mumbling, mumbling numbers.
You're unresponsive.
Do you remember?
Keith tried to shake you and nothing happened.
Do you remember how long we were like that?
Couple minutes maybe.
All right, then I'm just going to have to hope that Keith snaps out of it in a couple
minutes, I suppose.
Yeah.
All right, let's just continue on then if he's going to follow.
Keith, just, just hold onto my shirt.
Does he?
Sure.
Sure.
And as you guys are nearing the glass hall, Keith comes to.
You guys are approaching glass hall and Keith's eyes kind of stop glazing over.
Keith.
Are you, are you with us?
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
Why wouldn't I be?
It was those numbers again.
They got you.
What?
Well, what was I, which numbers?
Which numbers was he doing?
Bruce Robin.
You were doing Bruce Robin's numbers.
Did I, I mean, I've seen you guys do this before.
Was I just saying them or what kind of stuff was I doing?
Like you're in a trance.
You're just saying the numbers and wouldn't respond to anything.
And I slapped Keith and it didn't work.
I rub my face and I think back to just minutes ago when I slapped his face, I'm like, I wouldn't
have done the same thing.
Clark.
I did do the same thing.
Have yourself a merry little Christmas.
Is this the start of Tyler, the creator's, let the needle shine in the light of the moon
until I put them in your eyes.
It is the start of Tyler.
I look at Clark's, what did I miss?
That's new.
And you hear from the entrance to glass hall, seemingly standing like right in front of
the entrance.
There is a college student dude who's dressed in like athletic shorts and slides and a t-shirt
even in all this snow or slides, the slip on slides are like the slip on sandals.
That's such a cool thing to call them.
And that guy is standing completely still in this pose with like his right fist up to
his cheek and then his left hand like flat and up in the air.
What would that pose be called?
It's like the Mr. Alice pose, right?
You're flexing on one side and the other side is a dab.
Yep.
Oh, Joe did it with the little mannequin in here.
We'll put that on Twitter.
He won't bend enough to do it, but dabbing with one arm.
And then, more importantly, there is a young boy in choir robes singing softly and methodically
sticking syringes into this dude who's just standing there.
And as he sings, he's putting a syringe directly into this guy's eye.
Come on, Zach.
You're off the podcast.
Get out of here.
Done.
It's our podcast now.
And it's fucking about just being friends and hanging out and being nice.
It's about being nice.
So get the fuck out of here, Zach.
Zach didn't make it happen.
He's just telling us what happened, guys.
No, no, Justin.
That's just a thing.
He's gaslighted you in the blue.
Zach propaganda.
Yes.
That's Zach-a-ganda.
Zach-a-ganda.
Wait, Zach, go home.
Quick question.
This is just in the lobby of Glass Hall?
This is right in front of the front door of Glass Hall?
Yes.
Outside.
Outside.
I'm imagining the look at me on the captain now, but instead of him pointing at his eyes,
it's just two syringes sticking out of his eyeballs.
You're welcome for that one.
Yeah, Luke should be the DM.
Look at me on the DM now.
I like playing.
I'm going to have everyone roll intelligence because you're all super fucked up right now,
but if you pass an intelligence check, you're going to have to roll sanity.
Hey, I failed.
Yay.
I crit pass with a 22.
Oh my God.
What does that mean?
I crit pass too.
No fucking way.
I got a 66 and yeah, my intelligence is 75.
Hell yeah.
What are the chances?
So you guys auto fail your sanity checks for sure.
My intelligence is not that high, but I...
Go ahead and roll that intelligence for Donovan there, Justin.
48.
I assume a failure.
That is a failure.
Oh really?
I'm dumb and I'm 55.
I'm dumb and I'm 50.
You're not.
You're even lower.
You guys aren't dumb.
Well, you are.
You played dumb.
He's a college student.
Come on.
He is a fifth year senior though.
The standards are higher.
He's a fifth year senior that has only online classes.
No, Donovan is like way too concerned with his own life to pay attention to it.
He like glanced up and was like, ah, it's probably fucked up and immediately went back
to his phone, which is what Justin just did.
Take a note.
So with Luke and Thomas crit succeeding on those intelligence checks, we'll call that
an automatic fail and I need an automatic fail on your sanity check that you would have
had to take.
But what knowledge do we claim?
Well, actually, no, I crit failed.
I'm just kidding.
So I'm going to have the two of you leave the room.
Clark Bishop, Donovan West Haven.
Yes.
Nailed it.
First try.
So proud of you.
The two of you notice as soon as this awful vision is approached.
You see that Keith Vigna and John Lee Pattymore immediately go into themselves and begin chanting
the numbers of Bruce Robin.
God damn it, Donovan, they're gone again.
What's happening?
I don't understand.
Has this always been happening to them lately?
I think it's what's happening to everybody around here.
I mean, you've seen people chanting numbers.
I think I have some connection.
For some reason, we're able to snap out of it appear.
It appears and others aren't.
I don't, I don't know.
I don't either.
I do little snappy fingers in front of Keith and John.
Nothing.
Since I'm not there.
I can't see this building.
Is there, is there an entrance into this building that isn't with these freakos in front of it?
They are far enough away from the entrance that you could go around.
I can skirt around.
That's exactly what I want to do.
Donovan.
I mean, I think we got to keep our eye on the prize.
These guys are going to snap out of it soon.
I got, we just have to wrangle up your three other friends that are all in a trance right
now.
Oh yeah.
Leon's with us still too, isn't he?
No.
Oh yes.
Oh my God.
Why is, why do you think he's not snapping out of it?
That's a goddamn good question, Donovan.
I don't know why he's not snapping out of it.
I do.
I, I go back to Leon again, do a couple of snaps in front of his face.
Leon!
Leon, get back here!
He is just boogying on down.
Can't stop, won't stop.
I don't know, Donovan.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Why is this not happening to me?
I don't understand.
I'm starting to think that you're the key to all this.
I just don't understand what to do with that.
The lights inside glass hall are on.
If you want to go around the back, I know, I know a good way.
I took it because I was always running late.
Whatever it gives us to the lab sooner.
Donovan, I don't even know what we're going to find there, but it is the task we've set
before us and I think we need to just stay the course.
Whatever you say, Clark, I'll follow you.
So do you guys want to skirt around this site and get into these front doors or do you want
to go around the side down an alleyway into the back?
No, the lights are on, right?
Yeah.
I'm going, I'm beelining for the door with the lights on.
I'll lead them to the side entrance.
Okay, and you lead the other three in, wait, what?
Donovan, over here.
These, these here.
These are the doors.
I'm like, I'm slowly walking away.
You were walking with the other three.
Yeah, I have the other three like dog leashes with me.
Clark's like, hey, hey, come back over here.
And as soon as you guys walk into glass hall, you see it's a nice like big entry foyer into
this and there are stairs immediately in front of you that lead down and there's a
sign that says biology lab in the basement.
As that happens, you hear, go ahead and roll alertness, both of you for me.
I pass a 27 on a 70.
I got a 44, so either a crit fail or a crit success.
You guys both hear the slapping of feet coming around the corner and heading down a hallway
toward you on your left side.
And you hear a woman's voice saying two, five, one, four, one, oh, got to get the gifts.
Got to get.
Oh yeah.
And then, uh, and then that's where he just got and just like running while just like
slurring and saying these numbers as they're coming.
Clark is basking in the light.
He's uh, arms outstretched, looking up at the fluorescent lights above him.
Donovan, didn't that just feel good?
Clark, what are you, what's going on?
What are you doing?
Just doesn't it feel good?
What feels good?
The light.
It feels like, it doesn't feel like anything.
It's fluorescent lighting.
It feels bad.
Just stretch them out.
To my eyes.
Just stretch them out, Donnie.
Just stretch out those arms.
Donovan like does like a weird, like very slight stretch.
Clark stands a little straighter, pops his neck.
All right, where's his lab?
Is it back down that way where the voices are?
You do, you see a sign that says biology lab in the basement.
The footsteps and the words mumbling weren't coming from any direction near there.
No, they were coming from a hallway.
Yeah, okay.
I think we should just go down and not engage with this other person.
I'm with you Don, let's go.
And as you guys head down the stairs, you hear the footsteps turn around and head back
the opposite way.
You notice John Lee Pettymore and Keith Vigna snap out of it.
What's up everybody?
Wolf the dog here.
Don't use this.
Every time you're on mic, what you're saying is being recorded.
We know that's not true.
You come to-
Because you leave so much gold on the floor.
You're standing on the stairs of a building that you don't remember walking into and you
look over and you see Donovan Westhaven and Clark Bishop staring at you.
And right behind you is Leon Simpson, still just grooving and grinding and bumping and
dapping.
Are we on the inside of this building or-
You are on the inside of this building and as you all look down, you see that these stairs
are covered in a trail of blood that is leading down into the basement and there are loose
screwdrivers that have been spilled onto these stairs.
So are we on the stairs that we're on are descending?
Yes.
Can we see where they might have been secured before they were strewn across these stairs?
No.
I know.
That's a joke.
Oh, it was good.
It's not.
I'm sorry.
Welcome back, fellas.
See the light in your eyes now.
What?
It happened again.
I know.
I feel every time I wake up from something like that, I don't feel like I've lost anything
but when I look at you and you've got this weird look on your face, I realize that-
You haven't lost anything nor have they gained anything while seemingly you were gone.
Quick question for you, Zach.
Did we gain anything from those intelligence rules?
Nope.
God damn it.
Can we gain any unnatural for being knocked out all these times?
You do lose a D4 of sanity.
So if you want to each roll a D4-
Oh, cool.
I wanted to roll.
I got a four.
Tight.
Me too.
This is fucking crazy.
All right.
So you each lose four sanity.
That brings me down to four sanity.
Where are you at, Luke?
I'm at 19.
My breaking point is 18.
You're the sane one here, man.
I also didn't recalculate my breaking point.
You hit your last breaking point exactly so it's minus your power.
Yeah.
There's no more breaking points for me.
All right.
I tried to write on this soft desk and instead of a nine, I just ripped the paper.
So give me a sec.
Character sheets, baby.
You're insane.
As you guys come to as you're walking down these stairs, you notice that there is a young
small ugly child wearing a backpack that is cleaning the baseboards with the veracity
of the veracity?
What's veracity?
Veracity is truthfulness.
Veracity is speed.
So somewhere in the middle there.
I think veracity is like how- Veracity is how velociraptory you are.
Oh yeah.
No.
The kid has his arms tucked in real tight and is just on his back haunches cleaning
the shit out of these baseboards.
Real velociraptory.
I pull my gun out and shoot him.
I do not do that.
You're the one at 19.
I don't do that.
I'm at four.
But the trail of blood moves past this child and into the floor below that you cannot see
yet.
I look at Clark.
Do you know what this blood is from?
I don't.
There was a sign up at the top up there that the biology lab was down this way.
So we just started moving down this way.
It doesn't look good, but I think, I mean- The trail of blood is leading to the lab?
To or from.
Can we tell?
Yeah.
Can we tell?
He said it was going down there.
It is moving toward.
It's moving from the stairs the way that the blood is tripping and the way that the blood
is like slid.
Are there any footprints?
It's being slid.
No, it seems to have been like, actually, go ahead and roll forensics.
I have a zero.
Do I even need to roll?
No.
I failed.
A 58 on a 50.
I got an 88.
Is that a 50?
I got a 20.
I got a 40.
Okay.
John Lee Pettymore would know that the blood is a person's body that was army crawling.
Away from there or down the stairs?
Someone in great pain crawled this way.
I just look at Clark and Donovan and wait for their next move.
I look at Donovan.
Where's that lab?
It's down here.
It's just to the right.
We're almost there.
Clark, I'm scared.
As I'm walking down the stairs, my pants have become uncuffed, and so they're draping around
my shoes a little bit.
And I slip, and I fall, and I just slide down the rest of the stairs.
And then I need everyone to leave the room real quick, except for Luke.
Luke, due to the sanity mechanics of this arc of the campaign, I need you to roll a
D100 three times for me, and tell me the three numbers that you roll.
A 6, a 52, and a 74.
You are going to choose between three manias, and this mania that you choose is going to
take over your entire personality, who you are, and everything goals-wise, what your
character is oriented towards.
Number 6 is agromania, the intense desire to be in open spaces.
52 is habromania, an abnormal tendency to create pleasant delusions in spite of reality.
So you would see something good, even when it's bad.
Exactly.
And 74 is onomamania, which is an obsession with names, people, places, things.
I'm going to go with the second one.
Yes, 52, which is habromania, which is an abnormal tendency to create pleasant delusions
in spite of reality.
As you're walking down the stairs, you slip and you fall to the bottom.
You see that there is just a trail of money from where you fell further into the basement
level, and there's just a pile of cash sitting there.
As I'm following the trail of money, I'm picking up every dollar, stuffing it into my, as we
know at this point, big britches.
Yo, huge.
Once I get up to the pile of money, I am standing there and I'm just handfuls of cash, shoving
them into my pockets.
Fantastic.
I'm going to get the other boys.
As Donovan Westhaven, Clark Bishop, John Lee Pettymore, and a groovin' Leon Simpson make
their way down the stairs, you see Keith Vigna slips, falls, and at the bottom of the stairs,
he lands in this pile of blood and loose screwdrivers, and he begins grabbing these screwdrivers
and putting them in his pockets, and then he's like grabbing up some of the blood, putting
it in his pockets, and as you guys continue down, I look at Clark, Clark, once this is
all over, I'm going to buy you as many TV dinners as you want, as many as you want.
You're going to buy me, I'll buy them all for you.
And then I continue shoving.
And well, see the thing is that as you continue shoving, they see you approach this flaccid,
bloody pile of an elderly woman's body that has screwdrivers just jutting out of it all
over the place, and Keith Vigna is grabbing these screwdrivers and pulling them out of
this lady and putting them in his giant britches.
Keith, what the fuck are you doing?
Are you kidding?
I mean, how are you guys not excited?
Oh my god!
Excited about...
Keith, stop picking us up!
We're rich!
We're rich!
Rich?
Yeah!
Oh my god!
Don't, don't get excited.
All material gain is merely temporary.
It's impermanent.
Keith, you're-
I'm just a fool.
These, these riches are merely illusory.
I look back at you, I'm like, I don't know why I'm even, I don't need to be here anymore.
I don't, this was my job, but I don't need one anymore.
And I look at Clark and I put my finger in my nose.
We're going to have a hell of a life.
Is that a Kanye reference?
It wasn't, but yeah, now it is, yes.
I need Thomas, Joe, and Justin to roll Sanity for me.
Did you hear me say it's a one?
Oh shit.
Uh, 26 on a one.
70 on a four.
I passed mine.
Okay, cool.
As is tradition.
Good for you.
Good for you, Justin.
Okay, so Clark, you're gonna lose your last Sanity.
Can I play it out, or do you have something else?
Yes, but real quick, John Lee Pettymore, roll a D4 for me.
Please roll a four.
Actually, roll a D6.
No, fuck you.
I've got a D4 in my hands, and I rolled a two.
You can, I'm not taking your shit this year, Zach.
2020.
2020.
2020, lose two Sanity.
I'm at two and I'm doing fine.
Yeah, you are, baby.
You do run the shit.
You do immediately start chanting numbers, however.
Those aren't numbers.
They might as well represent numbers, right?
Joe, if you would like to fully lose your Sanity.
I didn't have a big thing.
I was just gonna wide-eyed look at Keith and say, can I help you carry some of those?
I remove my finger from my nose and I offer it to him.
I don't know what it means, but- I shove it up his nose and I hold my thumb
like I'm shooting a finger gun and I...
And a fat bump of cocaine goes straight up into your dome.
Of real cocaine?
Real cocaine, out of Keith Vigna's finger.
Which the Patreon subscribers paid for.
And in that exact moment, Clark Bishop's eyes go blank and he begins chanting,
Ta-way alico, ta-way alico, ta-way alico, ta-way alico.
He's feeling it.
He's feeling it.
I look over at John and Donovan and I'm like, he's feeling it.
John leans into your finger.
I am the universe experiencing myself.
And I finger gun up into him as well.
What's Donovan doing?
Freaking the fuck out.
Donovan, this is college, baby.
This is college, baby.
How am I the only one trying to pull over?
How can you have enough drowning out of the noise?
How can you have enough drowning out of the noise?
