Welcome my human babies. It's your fur father wolf the dad. I
Mean the dog. I'm here to cuddle and coddle you little beans into the snuggle dimension
That's one of the nicer dimensions. I travel to
Remember to sit up straight eat your damn vegetables and drink a goddamn glass of water
Because I want y'all to be healthy and to thrive as I hit you live from
694.2
PTBP my literal children y'all have raised over
6500 bucks for the bail project and three of you benevolent fools have won free t-shirts
Thank y'all so much. The fourth winner is
Brady
Brewer
Congrats Brady Brewer
Remember every five dollars donated equals an entry into the drawing so keep on dropping those tax
deductible funds y'all and maybe you will win the final
PTBP t-shirt and this here giveaway the link can be found in our delicious show notes
Y'all should really go to those show notes and also check out the dang old
Patreon five bucks a month gets you monthly bonus episodes
They already got 12 cooked up for you
The most recent is real nasty and voted on by some of those nasty
patrons ten bucks lets you name someone and a place that will be used in the show at
Random at 15 bucks y'all can watch them pretending pod folks record the bonus
Episodes live over the interwebs once a month
The next one of those is gonna be on June 30th
so hop aboard tears above that get you access to very special things like
getting one-on-one time with one of the PTBP crew getting the game ran by Zach for you and some of the other
patrons and even getting to play a game with the whole crew check out all that on
patreon.com
slash pretending pod
Y'all ever tasted sour cream and thought to yourself
The amount of sour in this cream is not nearly enough for one such as I so
You let it sit in the jar outside for a few days now
That's some sour shit and a little chunky, you know old wolf loves his crystals
But in the words of the Queen Jada essence hall
Misdirection herself look over there. It's the news
Last time lots of information was shared and then Keith went berserk on little old
Mildred Mitchell John kicked things off by telling the group about his uncle
Don D. Pettymore who could burn folks with his hands
John also recalled being chased by two tall gaunt
Fancy men in suits while being pushed in a wheelchair by Uncle Don Keith also remembered seeing those lemmy
Translucent fellas infiltrate his father's estate the day Ferguson was given the watch
John put the watch on and saw his daddy steal him the vector and adopted baby from the Kane
Family burning down their house
But unaware of Adam Kane's survival Keith slapped the watch on and saw John murder him and
Clark in order to take the watch and walk down into beans pond
But the watch didn't come off his wrist when he came back to reality and he became real
suspicious of John
Shit got heated with Mildred Mitchell blaming the three PCs for her granddaughter Tilly B's
Disappearance showed them a picture of the founders of
contention the face of Silas Cole had settled on the face of Keith Vigna and a
Reflection in the glass looked a whole lot like that miss until DB Keith lost it and Keith did up
Grinding the old stoner into the old stone ground. This was a step too far
Harry and Gary asked them to leave at gunpoint and the three headed south into a tunnel and toward
beanspond
Never mind
They completely ignored the spell that fell out of Mildred Mitchell's back pocket as well as the fact that Casey
Kristoff the longtime janitor of the first Church of contention was clearly
Eavesdropping instead of reading his book. It'd be a shame if old Casey wasn't actually down there in the sewers to avoid
Big Daddy Kane, but rather doing
Reconnaissance for his employer. Well, what do I know? I'm just here to deliver you a brand new song
premiering shit non-stop every week or day or a few hours or like
25 minutes in game time or even sometimes
In the past and hopefully in season 2 or whatever
This one's new when it's just for you. It's kazoo with no backbone
You
Thanks for having me yeah problem Joe, yeah
Thanks for having all of us Luke. I understand you've been playing Crusader Kings. I have
Zach your couch is pretty comfy and Ramona is sleeping on top of the other one and she's very cute
Luke's internet hasn't been working. So we're using lots of hand sanitizer and
Keeping him just in the living room. Yep
I'm here
Ramona likes the smell of the germ X she likes to I was petting her but she kept wanting to lick my hands
Well, don't let my cat lick the poison off of your she does she's not gonna have any germs in her mouth by the end of
the night
Zach the president implied that things like this are not only fine, but beneficial. So oh well
Oh God, he also said if we stop testing the numbers will be very low
Which is true. Yeah, it's been proven, correct
Yep, welcome to hell world fuckheads. Oh
You thought you were gonna get away from the world by listening to a role-playing podcast we've all been touched by the devil hands
Don D. Petty more patient zero
God-dang Don D. Don D. I wonder when he'll show up
Yeah, so much happened last episode that I kind of forgot that that's where we started was a man who could burn other people with
his bare hands I
Thomas and I hadn't talked about the past of that and
Hearing that it was just a staple in their childhood camping trips was pretty horrifying to hear
It's like I'm trying to think of like anything my family or like like a weird trick and uncle can do or something
But nothing really matches. Yeah, my uncle can pull his thumb clean off. He puts it right back
My uncle that's so on multiple occasions has stolen my nose off of my face
Oh shit, but it's he always puts it back sometimes not right away, which is scary, but
He lost it one time we had to look all around it was in the couch
Yeah
uncle
Dave all uncles are Dave all uncles are Dave. I have one uncle Dave. I have an uncle Dave
I have an uncle Dave. Really? I have two uncles named Dave. You got a Jimmy and I got a Jimmy
So maybe they're all Jimmy. Oh, I've got a Jimmy to
Story. Yeah, me too. My uncle Donny's name is Jimmy now. I
Renamed Dave who didn't exist in the first place. Welcome to 84
Pretending to be people where everybody's uncle has a name. Wait, how many uncles do you have just on your dad's side?
Six and how many else
Yeah, I just won wait, but they all live together. Yeah. No, they did it one point
They actually didn't their ages were so like the oldest to the youngest I think is an 18 year difference
So they'd weren't ever in the house all at the same time. I don't think oh
Can you imagine getting rid of one and then there's just a new one all the sudden there about yeah
Their numbers didn't change at all. Definitely after the first one like grew up a little bit
They were like, oh shit. These things are handy if you teach them how to like
18 years of like fresh kids definitely seems like some kind of forced labor program or like
Something they were getting out of it
Not joy or love you can get that one, too
How do ants get made
In pursuit of an ant
Wait wouldn't if your uncle fucked your grandma you would get you get you get a grant grandpa
Well, no, we only discuss you get another you get an aunt you get an aunt
If your uncle fucked your grandpa then you'd get another mom
All right, you you would get another
Grandma, cuz if you fuck your dad you get a mom
So if your uncle fucked your grandpa by the trans you would get a grandma another grandma
I was never good at biology in school. So I don't know if this really checks out. It's like
And recessive jeans and stuff. Yeah, you have to look at the Punnett Square. Yeah
Invented by
Who's who is that guy
Recessive gene and a dominant gene and Taylor has two recessive genes
Then when we have sex, we'll get a great-grandma
correct
What was that now I got to figure out
Who's the guy that figured that out his name was something he was like a monk or a priest or something
I bet Thomas will be upset that you had to google it. What who discovered recessive genes Thomas was it Mendel?
Yep, Gregory. Yeah, Mendel men who actually I don't know if you guys knew this same guy is Rasputin people
Don't know that but he's the same guy. It's the exact same guy
Yeah, he just went by Gregory when he was doing science
Close enough for me. Have you guys been watching the great on Hulu never heard of it? No, I hear it's good though
It's really good. It's it's the guy who did the or the people who did the favorite?
So it's a lot of that movie rule same sense of humor style, and I don't know what the favorite is
Who knows your guys Lanthimos is last movie with oh I did see that that was really good. Yeah, Emma Stone and
Holly Coleman leak Peaky Blinders. Yeah, I'll be sure
Paulie Shore and Nicholas Holt
So Nicholas Holt is that there's one of the main characters in the in the great and he's fucking great in it
It's a really surprisingly. So I was a big skins UK fan when I was it. Oh, is that
What's the code Tony Tony stolen yes season one Tony
Alright, so Clark Bishop and John Lee Pettymore the third they're walking down this tunnel having just been essentially forced out of this room
By the only two people you've been able to trust and contention thus far
Essentially, yeah, that didn't feel too good you catch up and you see Keith Vigna on the right side of this tunnel again
This is an arched
Very Ninja Turtles arched roof above you with a pathway on the right pathway on the left and then sewage sludge
Slowly moving in the middle. You see me on the right side
I'm on my back and I've got my left hand that has the watch on it and I've got both my feet on
my arm just trying to like pry the watch off my wrist and
I'm crying and he's crying because you can see the scrape of skin coming off
and blood and I'm also he's also crying cuz he
Potentially just killed someone Keith Keith Keith Keith calm down buddy. Hold on
No, I got this is just fucking I know we got to get it off, but that's not working. Look at that
That's not like you're hurting yourself there Keith. It hurts. It does. I just we're gonna get it off
We're gonna get it off. Was she was she?
I
Still breathing when we left Keith, okay. Can you are you sure?
Yeah, we're sure
Why?
Why did you do that? I?
Don't know. I thought maybe she had something to do with this being stuck on it
I don't I just don't think straight when shit like this happens anymore. I can understand that
Think things will set us off at the drop of a hat these days. It seems like
We've seen a lot. We've seen a lot in the last few days on are you still gonna shoot us when we get there?
Maybe man, I don't know. I got two guns now, though
Okay, listen, all I'm saying is you you do some crazy shit you attack, you know an old lady that we find there
yeah, maybe I'm gonna have to shoot you but if you fucking just
Okay, well maybe you can you walk in front me and Clark can walk behind you just to make me feel better
Absolutely. Are we I don't even know if we're going the right way. I I get in front of them
But then I turn around with gun strong
Just what just playing just plants that's not very funny John a people
He's got you know, it's a tense situation. Somebody's got to diffuse it a little bit
So I've livened things up get get get a little get a little joy in our heart after you beat that old woman half to
death fucking psychopath
It wasn't really me. It was I don't know something in me. Just I
Didn't I didn't want to do it. I didn't mean to but
Let's just get let's just get to the fucking pond
Gary said we were we were heading in the right direction you that you happen to pick the right tunnel to to crawl
Good it's probably cuz I'm the Savior and I just have that kind of intuition now
Sure, all right, I pet you on the back I roll my eyes at Clark
Yeah, I roll I roll back as I'm patting you on the back. Yeah, that's it
You nailed it
Yes
Would while we're walking there would this be a good time to discuss something?
we haven't really talked a whole lot about we found out that we
You know kind of
Maybe from one point of view
from a certain perspective
Might have let Adam Cain's wife and his children burn to a little crisp in a minivan
I mean we we just ran that help we tried to help
I know but it doesn't seem like people think we did it seems like they really think we just
Let them burn up and then we left town. We can a Adam Cain you what you're technically his
A kind of his brother. Yeah, we've now learned that his entire family was killed and he was a sole survivor
because of Kevin's slobiness
Or perhaps ill ill got it. Sorry Murphy's going crazy. So good. Gotta stop him
You can hear Tyler from back the way you came
yelping out
Tyler did like us Keith hops in the sewage and starts splashing around
Keith roll Constitution
To not get gonorrhea
No, what do you get from from poop? Maybe like E. Coli or pink eye pink eye or
What's something else you can get what happens if you eat poop Thomas? What happens if you eat poop?
I think that depends on the poop a lot of people do ingest other people's poop to improve their gut biome
Oh, I thought they shot it up their butts like a like a like a tall boy. They make little poop pills
No way according to Illinois Poison Center eating poop is minimally toxic
So I think
You should eat poop. That's also is that core prophagia, huh? Is that what it's called?
It was enough syllables to be right co prophagia. Let's get back to the convert
What were we talking about out of character when John you were telling us the story the the canes also adopted you, right?
Like right I had been a yeah, it's so first exactly and Kevin stole me because
He and my my my saintly mother were trying to have a baby and could not conceive
Gotcha, and so God saw fit to put me a child of destiny and ball in front of him
Because I am the Savior we did we did try to save Adams family in that wreck
I obviously didn't go to according to plan but we tried and there was a crowd around there that saw us trying to help
I think John you might have scared him off with a couple gunshots, but they saw that we were helping I
Don't think that's you know
Cuz the the person we've been around who's been close to Adam was was Carrie in the body of Drew and the story
She told us seems like Adam Kane and the town's version of things right now is that we let them die and then left town
Yeah, that's sucks for him that he's lost two families in a horrible horrific fire
accident
Well, maybe not accident for the first it certainly adds a layer of terror to that memories. Yeah
guys, I tried my hardest to keep it from happening, but
Well also so we've
Valiantly if I remember guys, we've also all had have we all had encounters with those crazy
Creatures before I mean Marvin things
I I mean like I told you guys before I got this watch stuck on me that I
Saw three of them at least when I was a kid
In my in my yard before before my dad gave this watch to my brother in my memory
It was a they were chasing the I I would say a rogue figure but these days it's the road figure
I think it's the same one. We've been seeing it might be old me
I think it's old me that people seem to think it's old bar called Clark old and they were chasing you after your after your
Accident John. Well, yeah that the last day of my racing career is kind of one big concussed blur
But as far as I remember it, yeah
They started chasing me and Don D that day these things have known something about us long before we ever did
Yeah, maybe so they were they were targeting each of us and mine was I was only
Forwarded by old me. He put chains around the library door
That's where I was in the library and he put chains around the door and then took maybe he took the heat off of Mary
On the front it says the Mary Cole Public Library
It it seems like the yeah those those men those those those creatures in suits
They were after after each of us and it sounds like I gotta have Justin change the map
Well shit I
How all this is just all the shits happened so fast
I don't know what I don't know what to think about any of it
Don't you done this all like then propose the idea that we're pawns in something else's game
There was a there was some old man that told Gary that gave Gary Daley's grandfather a book and told him to put a spell
on us, I don't know I mean and then these things were chasing us and
Maybe you two are pawns, you know
Gary just showed us that thing that Harold Dorsey wrote and you know
We saw that John Peters thing in Harold's thing. It says that you know, Maggie was trying to tip him off
Do you think you know, maybe she knows more about this than she lets on or oh
Certainly Maggie knows a lot more than she lets on perhaps except maybe to you Clark. I mean, I don't
Whether or not we believe everything she said I think I've told you everything that she told me that there's the possibility now that
It's either not the Maggie that we knew or it's it is a Maggie
We knew and she maybe hurt the one that we didn't know or I don't know. I don't know what's going on now
I think we may need to get a hold of her before we go to
Confront Kane. I don't even know what we're gonna do about that. We've certainly got a lot to think about
Let's just do one thing at a time. There's a giant spider on my keyboard right now
Yeah, John rolls his eyes your keyboard a
Spider on your keyboard. I've never heard of that one before
Well, it's do any of y'all have any money on you right now. I got three dollars
How about we wage your three dollars apiece on what on ourselves being the same
Well, I if I think it might be all three of us or I don't care if it's me or you or Clark or all of
Us but it is me. So sure. I'll bet my three dollars
About it Clark, it's just three dollars. Just a friendly little wager. I mean, I don't want to bet against saving the world
Is that the bet we're making that now now the bet is that you'll save the world, but it's three dollars
It's just you know
It's not gonna feel too bad when you both, you know have given me six dollars
That'll
Be nine dollars. Yeah, I mean sure. Yeah, sure. Oh, I guess I'll bet on it
Hey, I'll race you do to the end of the tunnel. Yeah, I think I see
I don't know what time of day it is, but I think I see the light up there if it is daytime
Bet you can't beat me. I've start sprinting. I don't think Clark is gonna race
John races
All right, roll athletics the two of you
John Lee petty more the third than Keith Vigna are racing down this very narrow pathway. Yeah, which is a
25 as you guys are racing John Lee petty more you are
a little bit behind because as you're saying like let's race keeping it just like took off and started sprinting and you chase after him
And right when you're about to take the lead from him
He trips over his own feet and lands face-first
In the sewage just off to the left of the right side of this path
That was confusing and lands face-first in the sewage in this little
Small pathway that goes down the middle of this tunnel that you're in
John just breezes past and raises both his arms in the air
He just won the fucking Boston Marathon and both of your hands are now lit by sunlight
That is coming in from a drain a storm drain. You're the it now and
As I as I casually walk up to the point that Keith fell in I tried and offer a hand to help him out of
There I stand up just the entire front side of me is covered and just thick
green and brown
Goo and
I open my eyes and like you can just see my eyes are the only thing that aren't just covered in that color and
Clark
What do I do
Grab Clark's hand
And it kind of squids I try to like walk out of the middle and yeah, it's just like squeezing out of my shoes and
Turn around and see this and I have to like suppress a strong Samaritan urge to mercy kill them both
Let's go ahead and get some Constitution rolls for
for how vile this is
Keith you're at a negative 40 on this roll for being the one who fell in I have a plus 10 for my robot abilities
At a negative 40, I would have 30 and I just rolled at 31
Brings me up to 70, but I rolled a 75. Oof. What'd you give me negative 20 for having it all over your hand?
I pass a 72 on a 95
All right, 80 Clark is the only one who is not just like fully
Wretching right now and the other two of you you're gonna take a negative 20 on all rolls until you can
Figure out a way to alleviate this situation. So your abs are just like
overkill working themselves because of how
I like get near the storm drain. I take my shirt off and I try to use the
Backside of it that's not like covered in stuff and try to like wipe my arms off a little bit and wipe my face
and then I walk up to Keith's clean back and
Yeah, so now I'm I'm shirtless my face has less goo my arms have less goo
My hair's like matted on my face because of that and then I've got my big shorts on and you have John's vomit all over
and I as I take a couple more steps, I realize that my
Shoes are just soaked. So I go ahead and take my shoes and socks off to all right going barefoot
That may be an issue if you need to step on stuff on spikes
Role-playing baby
Didn't suspect my knife floor
You wanted to have a race did you
I'm gonna go pee. Okay
The fucking echo and your cavernous living room it that's perfect
Keith vigna as you look up out of this storm drain
You see the neighborhood that surrounds beans pond
You can't quite see into the pond where the water is from this angle, but you know exactly where you are guys
I think we're we're near Maggie's do you see smoldering remains of a house? I
Can only smell one thing
Guys take a look. I think we're here and then I pull my phone out and
Type in something into my phone minimally toxic, okay
Yeah, you probably probably don't want to use that phone again to get around some Clorox whaps though
Yeah, I'll wash off in the pond when you say that you'll wash off in the pond you immediately remember your conversation with Claire
Blankenship. Oh, yeah, there ain't no water in the pond. Do you guys want to crawl out first?
So you don't have to you know, crawl through
All this Clark happily takes him up on that. Yeah, we'll go and we'll go and order of soil
I guess least the most I need everyone to roll to take out their headphones
Power huh
Yeah
Fail 96. Wait, what is it's a negative what for my rules? You're a negative 20. I
pass an 18
60 fail 87 on a 30. Okay Thomas and Luke take off your headphones
Oh
Clark as you crawl out when you stand
you can see that beans pond has been completely emptied of its contents and
There's just this muddy basin there in the middle of this little like
Neighborhood where these streets kind of cross and in the middle of this pond
right next to a mostly buried metal door in the ground you see a
Tank of fish to the brim just teeming and inside
there is a gaunt little boy and he is
Drowning and he is desperately trying to stay afloat
But there's so many fish in this tank that they seem to be keeping him down how far away from all this
Are we?
okay, so literally you're on one side of the street when you when you get up and the pond is on the other side of
the street across from you and
Then the pond starts what like 10 yards past the other side of the street
And so the middle of the pond is probably 15 yards past that
So the middle where this is happening is about 25 yards away, okay, so yeah beans pond is not very big
It's just like a no like a little little water hole, you know here and there it kind of mushrooms
It's bigger at the top than it is at the bottom. Okay, and you can take your headphones off
Cool
Thomas as John Lee Pettymore climbs up out of this you see that across the street from where you are is beans pond and
In the very middle of beans pond, which is now a muddy basin
sans water sans fish
Just mud and in the very center
there is a mostly buried metal door in the ground and
Standing there right next to it is Pastor Adam Kane
Wearing an old motorcycle helmet that seems to have some weird tubes and you can kind of see that the red light is
Lit on it John draws his gun and tells him to take the helmet off
Oh
Luke yes, as you crawl out you're just scraping this
Disgusting refuse on to the side of the concrete as you drag your way out and it's kind of like building up
you know as you pull yourself out and
When you kind of stand up you see that across the street is beans pond, but there's no water
There's no fish just as you expected
But what you didn't really expect is to see you know in the very middle
there's a mostly buried metal door in the ground and
Sitting right next to it is an old motorcycle helmet
With strange tubes and the light on it is green
Oh
And as soon as you're all standing up there John Lee Pettymore the third pulls his gun and hollers take off the helmet
Take it off now. What would help would help with John?
Who's wearing a helmet Adam Pastor Kane? What he's standing on the door? I don't there's no there's nobody there John
There's like there's a kid who's floundering over there in that tank of fish right there. What do you talk?
Well, no fish. There's just the helmets near the door on Adam Kane
What clearly you two are not savior material and I pulled the trigger
roll firearms three you fire and
Joe Luke take your headphones off
Thomas when John Lee Pettymore fires aims true world damage rolled e10 eight
immediately let me roll Constitution
Pastor Adam Kane falls backwards and the helmet flies off of his head into the mud behind him and he lays
Motionless on the ground right next to the metal door that is mostly buried in the ground
I run up to administer first aid. Okay, John begins running into
beans pond
Rolled dexterity for me
43 on a 45. Oh, yeah
so as you kind of like get up to the edge you see it's just mud slide kind of down and
You can put your feet wide enough apart to kind of
balance as you kind of slide down into where the bottom of the pond was and
You run up to administer first aid
Oh
Clark Bishop you see John Lee Pettymore fire his weapon into this tank and
You see a lot less
Movement from inside only the fish are going crazy and you see the water begins turning red
Okay, Clark. What do you do? I'm running up to get a better look at what's what's
Following John I'm following John I think right and he run in in the same direction that I would want to be running
Absolutely, go ahead and roll a dexterity to try to like get into the bottom of the pond without slipping and falling. I
Pass a 25 on a 60. All righty
I
John Lee Pettymore fires his weapon hits one of the tubes on this old motorcycle helmet the tube
explodes just this and
Then he runs into the base and slides down the side and then Clark Bishop follows right behind him. I run after
them
To
Amazing go ahead and roll dexterity as well at a negative 20 as you're sliding down
You can see this mud. It just kind of looks like the refuse that is all over you
I gotta check my decks minus 20 to see if I pass
Shirtless you have these giant. Oh nice. Okay, so I have 50 decks minus 20 is 30 and I rolled
79
I
Had to do some math in my head
But I fail Keith vignette eat shit as he's trying to get into this pond
slips falls face forward into the mud and begins slowly sliding down the
pond wall as
the other two make their way into the very center and
Immediately shots begin firing from either side of you
Keith vignette
You're face down in this mud
You can feel yourself kind of sliding forward and then all of a sudden you feel a bullet
Pierce into your ribs on your left side and you don't know whether it went all the way through but breathing becomes
Extremely difficult as you take seven damage
Shit
Except you can't really breathe in too much because it's just mud all up in your face spot and shit
Clark Bishop, it's your turn. What do you do?
Clark wants to run up to
The tank that I see and try and put myself between it and one of the you said it was coming from both sides
Right the shooters. Yep, put the tank between one and another shooter and try to return fire from where I think it's coming from
Okay roll
search
To see if you can figure out where these shots are coming from not alert news
49 on us 20 for search. What's your alertness 70? Oh, man, your alertness is so much better than your search
No, that'll play that'll play alertness would come in here because you're focused on doing something else and the shots are ringing out
so you can kind of
immediately see that there is a privacy fence and
You see that there's a gun being held just like over the fence. That's just like firing. What do you do?
I would like to try and fire at where I see the hand coming from
I would be aiming for center mass if I could picture a person standing behind it through the fence. Okay, roll firearms. I
Pass 47 on an 80. Okay, then roll a detentive damage. We'll subtract two for fence cover. We'll subtract one
It's just a wooden fence
Three okay minus one is two and you hear a yelp come out from that side a female voice screams out in pain
John Lee Pettymore the third. What are you doing slowly realizing that if Adam Kane was wearing the helmet and
Had already swapped that I might have just shot someone dear to me
What if even he swapped drew out of Carrie Paige's body into his body and he's in Carrie Paige's bodies
Anyway, I'm running up to I'm running up to the person I just shot and you you made it their last round
So what are you doing you your goal was to get first aid on to this person?
But shots began ringing out you can change what you were doing if you want or you can continue trying to do first aid
I don't have a great first aid. Can I try to persuade them to first aid their selves?
Yeah, he is still conscious oh no, he is unconscious he failed his constitution check I'd like to persuade him to become conscious
When
When I see Clark
Shoot the person behind the fence or return fire in that direction
I spin around the other direction and try to see where the other fire is coming from and I've got I've got both John's gun
Man what a episode
Title
90 on a 60
It's not the kind of episode title you typically want but a 90 on a 60 is an equivalent of what you tried to say
With your words and so it's your firing with both John's gun
Neither one hits as your oh as you're trying to figure out where it came from where you fuck. Sorry
You know, I just looking without you're just looking you cannot figure out where this these shots are coming from from the other side
I fire a couple impotent shots into the air just to try to intimidate them
That is the John Lee petty more way Keith Vigna. What are you doing? I want to ask you a question real quick
I'm Zach. You can ask me a question at any time
I guess they already know about that. I'm like part robot or whatever, but
Would that have had any effect on when I got shot or was that I don't remember
well mechanically
Unfortunately, we didn't make that a thing which seems like it should have been it's probably doesn't matter
I could have done better. But here we are. Okay
Okay, so I was shot in the left side, right? Yeah, correct
I like sit up or like sit on my butt. I wipe all the mud off my face and I blow
the mud out of both my nostrils and then I shove my finger up my nose and
get a little bump do you have on your character sheet what the
Improvement is for doing that it has varied. Yeah, it was willpower based, but we weren't we're not really
If you lose 10 luck, then I'll let you go ahead and make an action this turn. How about that? Okay, I'll
Lose my 10 luck that I made the other day
And I just want to sprint back up the wall of the not pool
Absolutely
Since I got shot in the left side. I want to like look over to that direction
Is that where Clark is shooting at?
I was picturing in my head that I was shooting to the right because that was where the tank kind of was
Like I would put myself shooting over it to the right. Yeah, he was shooting the right
So John was shooting up in the air, but he was looking left. I'm gonna draw a quick map real quick
Keith you got hit from the left side, which is the side that
John is kind of looking for someone on that side. So I want to turn around run up the
wall of the pond and
So that at that point I'll be on my right look over to the right and do I see any anybody or any?
first off go ahead and roll a
Dexterity or athletics to get back up without slipping at a negative 20 still fail
So as you're trying to slide back up, you're kind of looking off to the right
But you can't get your grip on this mud for long enough to be able to keep your head straight
especially with this deep pain coming in your side and shots begin firing off once more as
The shots fire off. None of you get hit Clark
One of the bullets flies right by your ear and the other ones are all hitting the mud right next to Keith Vigna
Clark Bishop, it's your turn is the person behind the fence still shooting
Yes, I'm gonna shoot again. I want them to stop shooting
Roll it up, baby
Pass 23 on an 80 roll a d10 a
Two okay fence is still in the way so you kind of aim low and you
There that was a weird noise it wasn't the correct noise, sorry, okay, that was an alarming noise. Yeah
Specifically wasn't Drew's voice, please. No
Okay, John Lee Pettymore, what are you doing since they kept firing on us?
have I now identified where the fire on the left is coming from if you roll a search or an alertness with a
Plus 20 since they've done been firing she haven't teen
Yeah, you actually see that there is someone hiding behind a grill in someone's backyard
There's no privacy fence on this backyard and on their deck
There's a little propane grill and there's someone hiding right behind it and they keep poking up and firing
I'd like to fire back anything cool. This is the end of your stakeout, buddy
Plus 20 on the firearms check 29 roll a d10 for damage 3 I rolled the tens one
Will you give me the 30?
You fire and you hear a man's voice cry out and he's like
Keith Vigna, what are you doing stuff? I'm gonna try to get out of the
Pond again, and yeah, you'll be able to make it out on this turn
Okay, I do that and then when I hear John yell
I want to look over and can I see the guy too or do I need to roll a check?
No
Now the John has shot him and he's kind of shown himself both people have been shot and you guys kind of know where they
At least were last round at the beginning
I'm going to pull my gun out and run towards the grill and I'm gonna fire as I'm running
Go ahead and roll a negative 20 a 9
So yeah, I'd be 10 for damage
6 yeah, I'll do
Cool as you're running you're kind of like slipping on the mud a little bit and you're smelling all of this shit and mud
that's just
Covering you at this point and you fire and you hit this dude as he's like laying on the ground
John hit him
He kind of fell over and you fire you hit him right in the torso and he kind of rolls over and he's facing
you and you see at this point Asher little who is one of the parents of
Aiden and Alice little who went missing a couple days ago and you see that he has
Laser faded jeans that are bedazzled and he's wearing a long-sleeve shirt that is skin tight to his
Crossfit body and the front of the shirt has a picture of his children
Aiden and Alice who are twin nine-year-olds and he is wearing a fair amount of makeup and he is rocking some Yeezys and
he is crying out in pain and
You don't know if he's gonna be able to get back up, but he is not
Unconscious yet. Was he one of the guys in one of the cars or trucks?
That was the Impala that was coming after you guys that had a refrigerator
Yeah, he was driving that longs to the littles and you recognize the two of them from driving it and they are
members of the first Church of contention and now the first
Creek family of contention from behind the fence the gun raises again just fires
Aimlessly hitting the mud around you
but asher little
Mustering all this strength like like the end of that Keanu Reeves Patrick Shweezy movie
But instead of moving to fire up into the air. He just fires directly at Keith Vigna and he hits him
There's seven more damage. Oh
Fuck
Yeah, you're just out in the open yeah, I'm at 10 health at this point you're 24 total
Yep, holy shit when you went from 17 down to 10
he hits you in the hip and you feel it hit the bone and
You think it might have cracked as you begin like limping?
Toward him in that direction and you you're just oh my you
Real crunch, you know, you you don't feel good. It's pain
I've never been shot by a gun, but my drugs helped me any with that pain. No, okay
Okay, and an adrenaline doesn't help them with the pain. Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah sure. Yeah
You've been shot twice once in the ribs once in the hip and you're still standing. So yeah fucking helps
There we go, okay
Again, I'm just gonna continue limping as fast as I can at him Clark Bishop. You're up and as this round begins
Clark Bishop, there is no tank here
There are no fish here and John Lee Pettymore the body that is right next to you not there
the only thing the two of you see on the ground is
Is this metal door that is mostly buried
Looks completely sealed and it says here lies the beans
scientists beyond measure
Saviors of the world god damn it if he's the fucking Savior
Clark Bishop, what do you do seeing the fish tank disappear kind of throws me, but I'm yelling back at Keith Keith
They're shooting at you get down and I would like to try and see if I could pry that door open
Like that's the only thing I could find cover if I could get that door open
I'm trying to write open as you try to find any sort of crease or anything. There's nothing
There's no handle on this door. There's no hinges on this door
It almost doesn't even look like a door other than the fact that that's how I've described it so far
Like
An impassable metal plate
yeah, almost like
Yeah, an impassable metal plate. I couldn't have said it better myself. I'll just edit out you saying it and then I'll say it
perfect
Listeners may not know but I've come up with the entire story and plot of
Podcast as we go and I just generously let Zach edit that out. I
Hope he doesn't accidentally leave this one in this time
He's a promise and he would definitely knows exactly what's going on at all times
100% command of the story the characters the events as they have transpired thus far
I'm all over it, baby
Clark as you're trying to figure out how to open this door you look up and you see that there is no fish tank
Whatsoever in front of you roll sanity
Yeah, baby, it's a 70 that's a fail over my power
Oh my god, Zach on the fucking webcam just started like
Curling his fingers like a super when he heard that Joe had rolled over his power
What do I lose you just lose one sanity, but you also lose your shit
So Clark was going to hit the deck since he doesn't have any cover
But now he's gonna stand up like nothing could hurt him and charge the person behind the fence
Shooting the whole way as he runs so we'll go
negative 20 for blinding anger on the firearms check as you make your way up out of the muddy basin that you have found yourself in a
bowl of slop I pass a
52 on a 60 nice roll a d10
6 you fire in and you actually have knocked away enough of this fence at this point that
You see a woman who is wearing a skin tight t-shirt that has two children's faces
On it and you recognize these two children as Aiden and Alice little gonna sexualize a grieving mother. I
wasn't going to
What just happened skin tight t-shirt, oh, that's all that it takes for you
They do CrossFit man, I don't know what to tell you I am aroused and offended
Typical
And you hit what is very likely in your mind Avery little and she falls backward and
You just hear this moaning. How about that? Do you like that Thomas?
From behind the fence that's been blown away
John Lee Pettymore, it's your turn rule the body that was once there is no longer. I need you to roll sanity
He's gonna freak out but that's also a huge relief to him 13 pass
Okay, you don't need to freak out and you don't need to lose in the sanity you are extremely relieved that you didn't shoot
What might have been a person is Asher still firing?
Yeah, and he's a he's actually he's firing at Keith vignette and he's falling
I fire at Asher go ahead and roll that firearms check
16 well d10 for damage
to mmm
As
You fire it's not enough to take him down as blood splatters on the concrete behind him of this
This little back deck that he's on but his eyes are wide open and his aim is still
Directed at Keith vigna who is slowly trudging toward him and Keith vigna
It is your turn and it is likely an important one
Can I just say something guys say something that you're allowed to it's a podcast
There's only four of us you got no, you know when Joe and I
Farcically disappeared these children, you know a very a very light-hearted
Goofy
Almost whimsical. Yeah cartoonish disappearance Mary Poppins esque. I thought that'd be the last we heard of it. I didn't realize
There would be these kind of consequences
angry citizenry angry parents
Didn't really think anybody would miss the kids while this shit was going down, but I yeah
I just want to say admire here
Just kidding, I'll probably amp it up Keith vigna. What are you doing?
The pain is starting to get to me. So I am gonna like get down on my knees and
Like
Get down on my knees and aim at Asher and fire Adam shirtless he's covered in all sorts of
Hey
Luke yeah, what are you doing, man? I just tell you I'm on oh shit. I
Shot him
Tell you to roll firearms
69
Don't don't touch him. Don't move your hands. Don't move your hands. Don't move your hands put the other one up in the air
Are you gonna run in there and check? Yes, I am
Guys if he if he moves his hands, you tell me we're on him Luke move your hands
Don't need to I did it don't have to lie to us. He's not in the room. Holy fucking shit. It's a goddamn 69
I was about to actually scream, but then I remember my girlfriend went to bed and was like, please don't scream
But it was a 69, honey
She can't argue with that, right
She gets it what are we talking about?
Just how I told my girlfriend I wouldn't scream during this session and I really wanted to win the girl
Would you confirm that?
Taylor's asleep. So I thought you're talking about me running through the house
Saying I could be like, well, it's not as bad as what's act
Exactly. Can you imagine being married to that monster? Okay, so
Keith do you want to shoot this dude dead? Do you want to keep him alive or do you want to hit the propane tank?
Okay. Yeah, I want to kill him. I want to hit him actually fuck it. I want to hit the propane tank
These both have consequences. I'm sure
Yeah, we stopped whose house is this stop getting shot
It's season two you guys are just playing citizens in contention and then all of a sudden
Okay, so I dropped down on my knees and
I like have Asher in my sights
But I just noticed the propane tank that's right next to him under the grill. I aim a little bit left
Fire a couple rounds the propane tank explodes and I say soy beans puto
That's actually dope that means I am beans bitch
It's also a cross-lingual soybeans, but
Okay, that was incredible take ten look back
sweet, thanks
Did you actually roll for any of that that was the 69 that was my 69
That's why he's allowed to do whatever he wants
After it explodes I
Look down into the pond and want to start heading towards those guys. Okay. Yeah for sure
I just assumed that the fiery explosion killed him it did
Tight, I knew that already though. I didn't even have to see it
So Keith you don't even look behind you as this
grill explodes
throwing the body of Asher little through the backsliding glass door of this home as it
glass shatters and
Your eyes are set at the bottom of the pond
but above that Clark Bishop is walking up the other side and
Makes his way to the fence and as you're trying to look through where you've been shooting through the fence and these holes that you've
made
The person you've been aiming at seems to have crawled out of view. What do you do?
Have I got my eyes out? Am I still under that over the power role? Have you got?
Yaws out Thomas you into it
No
Don't like any of you needlessly sexualized sexualized in this
And yes, you are you are done Clark with your yeah. Yes. I kind of want to just yell
Stop stop shooting. I'll stop shooting. Stop shooting and I'll stop shooting. Do I get any you just hear?
Prayer. Yes. Thank you Jesus. Oh god. Yes
no, and there's times like these where retribution is the only necessary thing in the eyes of those who are light in the Lord and
To
pervade the evil of this world
We must desecrate the bodies of those who are succumbing to the pleasures of this earth
Can I strafe left and right around that hole to try and get an angle that I can see?
Yeah, as you strafe through the hole and see her she is on the ground directly aimed up at you
She'd readied in action with a successful firearms check and she fires
Directly through the hole at you and rolled a nine
For
Damage
For damage, yeah, what were you Alan hit point? I'm at 20
Okay, so you go down to a well, I'm sorry. I'm at 26. I was full goodness gracious
So you go down to 15 quick math. That's uh, you do that's 11
yeah, I would be not that you go down to 17 and
That's slow math. Well quick math isn't necessarily good
First math
First math Beth math. Oh, that's
First math best math
hard to say
first math best math
All right, so we've got a new math best math. Yeah, say it faster though first math best math
first math best math
Well, I shouldn't be in radio Clark you got hit
We've it's a wall for the radio
so Clark gets hit directly in the shoulder and you just feel the blow back through and
It's your turn. I want to shoot her a return fire. I want to return fire. She just shot me. I wanna shoot her
roll firearms
I pass a 36 on an 8k roll damage
Fuck a three. Yeah, that'll extinguish her life. So
As you put out this fire of a human being John John Lee Pettymore comes up behind and surveys the scene and says
Ashers to ashers dust to dust
And Avery's to Avery's I think mine was better
Kind of why I think I'm the savior I'm running over to him
And I'm like guys did you hear what I said, did you hear what I said when I shot it I
Got him. Yeah, you were said you were talking about soybeans. Yeah, it's Spanish. Did you hear my thing about Asher's to Asher's?
Yeah, that was really good, too. Thanks
So did you did you destroy the helmet Oh
When you shot it Clark is looking puzzled at you
But I never I'm there was never a helmet guys
Right down there and I point when you look down you see no helmet and I need you to roll a sanity. Oh good
72 so over my power and
Fail and how many and how many do I lose just one? Okay, I hit my breaking point
I
Look go ahead and roll a D 100 and for each time you roll it out of three times
I will tell you what your option of a mania will be from the table 10 from Call of Cthulhu 7th edition called
Sample mania is okay. First roll is a 14
14 is going to be a rhythm a
Rith arith mania obsessive preoccupation with numbers
Okay, second one's 29 29 is going to be color o mania obsession with a specific color and
57 and 57 is icon o mania obsession with icons or portraits. I'll go with that one
Yeah, do you still have that picture? I do indeed. Yep, that'll that'll help. Okay, cool
So
As Keith Vigna looks at the helmet and Clark Bishop's like there's never a helmet there did
One of you took when he took the helmet when he took the helmet who took Keith
There was never a helmet there wouldn't help. I saw I saw John shoot the helmet
Did did you guys take my picture too? Did you did you take that photo and I have to start searching my pockets?
it's in my back pocket and I look at it and I like
Hide it from him Keith. This is mine. This is mine Keith. Who's who's in the picture right now?
It's still me still me milder grave gave us that picture. We couldn't have taken it. No, no
I'm it like took it from me. Oh, I've still got it. What what's what's the door?
Say fucking he's gonna find out just fucking show it says the beans thing. All right, it says the beans thing
Here here lies the beans it's safe saviors plural of the world. I want to run down and read it for myself
everybody roll power
power
Pass 31 on the city. I got another nine. I pass a 45 on a 60
the door failed
Clark Bishop Keith Vigna and John Lee Pettymore you all won the power contest this time
And you each feel a loosening of some external forces grip on your perception
And the scene, you know and a single blink has changed completely
beans pond is encircled entirely by the
Six-story tall wall of water and the three of you on the inside of the foul-smelling
floating moat
Clark and John this unnatural feat of nonsense is right behind you and you can see ice
forming on the water
always broken immediately by one of the many fish hopping out sideways and plopping back in with the force of this
horizontal gravity Keith begins running down into the muddy basin to see the engraving on this
impassable metal plate careful not to slip and fall face first in the mud again
But across the pond on the other bank is a whole situation
Casey Kristoff the mullet rocking janitor of the first Church of contention
holds a pistol to the back of Carrie Paige's head who is
Blindfolded and on her knees and right next to them is Pastor Adam Cain
Wearing the strange-looking motorcycle helmet red light lit and he is driving the four-wheeler
About to drop into this former pond and he's aiming straight for Keith
Strapped to the back of the four-wheeler you found an a-plus storage crashed in the woods and had drew fix up all nice
Strapped in behind Big Daddy Cain is the radio with the odd glass tubes and its green light is lit
And sitting atop this unnatural radio claws holding on for dear life is an extremely
determined black cat
Try
Yeah
