Hello, my talk show audience. It's your host with the most advice, Dr. Wolf the dog.
I always believe in quantity over quality when it comes to talking people through their complex problems.
The more words I say, the more likely you are to believe I know what the hell I'm even talking about.
And I am chatting at you live from 694.2 PTBP as always.
But not as always. We got a different type of episode today.
Well, them boys from pretending to be people ain't seen each other in person in so long.
But today I got a real sweet treat for y'all.
Those five fine fellas use the internet to have a remote conversation with each other.
During this talk, they attempted to answer every single question sent in from y'all.
Our beautiful and charismatic listeners.
I only have remote conversations with everyone.
So I don't know what the big hubbub is over all this stuff.
My voice reaches beyond the stars into other dimensions unknown.
I ain't never had to shake no hands to get my point across.
But I digress. So I can digest.
We here at 694.2 PTBP are proud to present another Q&A for our next episode.
Episode 74 if you're keeping track.
However, this next one will be less focused on the players and more focused on the story and characters.
Wolf knows the expanse of the webs in place from contention to the city,
from the future to the past and all times in between.
Our dear cops are merely cogs wrapped up in something so, so, so much bigger than themselves.
Let's try to take a more objective look at what has unfolded here on 694.2 PTBP
as we head into the final few fables of this, the story of contention.
So head on over to the subreddit at reddit.com slash r slash pretending to be people
and find that Q&A thread to submit your questions.
Understanding the nature of this being a closed game,
we are going to shy away from secrets between players
and focus more on details that have been glossed over or just plain forgotten.
I'm not saying this puzzle doesn't currently have plenty of missing pieces,
just that some of them were forgotten under the table and dragged away by an inquisitive kitty.
Or time.
Or it's just thick fluffy clouds of that good good that are merely fogging some memories.
Either way, now's a good time to get loose, shake it out, maybe do some light stretching
because this next tune, it'll give you the Pringles Tingles.
You will pop.
You will not stop.
Stop me if you've heard this one before, but don't because it is kudzu with no back.
Boom.
Hi, Zach.
What's up, everybody?
What up?
Hello.
I'm in my home and I'm wearing sweatpants.
That's gross.
I'm in my home and I'm wearing jorts.
Ooh, I like that.
And half in for the majority of this ordeal.
Jorts has been the go-to.
Yeah, too hot for sweatpants.
I keep going back and forth between joggers and corduroy short shorts.
Ooh, short shorts.
Short shorts.
How short are these short shorts?
Five inch inseam, baby.
I don't know what that means, but it sounds tight.
It sounds uncomfortable.
It's really nice because you get a breeze.
Oh, under your dong.
Yeah.
Nice.
Yeah, dude.
Yeah.
This is weird breeze.
The recording over the...
I can see all of you.
Windy Wang.
I don't have to side-eye any of you anymore.
I can see you all in one place without really moving my eyes at all.
Stop moving your eyes.
I'm just doing it out of habit.
So today we are taking this experimental trip into remote recording to record a Q&A.
Luke just sent a chat to the group in Zoom.
It says,
My friends, I've missed you terribly over the past few weeks.
It's honestly, I can't read the rest of it because it's going to make me cry.
It doesn't say pee.
Just kidding, it's Luke.
It says pee.
I'm not eloquent enough to write anything more than that.
I knew what you meant.
Yeah, we all remember the vibe.
Hey, this is the wrong time to do it, but I'm going to grab a glass of water and a weed cookie.
All right, bye.
Bye.
And this is the Thomas List Q&A.
He just like doesn't come back for the rest of the time.
He never said he was coming back.
He just said he was going to go grab that stuff.
You know where he's going.
He's going to go sit on his porch.
And talk to his dog.
It's a nice porch to sit on upon.
What else?
Oh, I hope Murphy talks at least once or twice.
Oh, he might.
Thomas is set up in the kitchen.
I can see that because his life-size Ozzy Smith poster is right behind him.
The one that Zach has an intimate relations with.
Oh, look, Thomas is back.
Oh, my God.
Oh, God damn it, Luke.
Luke has the ability to screen share, which is nice.
Yeah, that's good.
I just typed in weed guy and that came up.
It's great.
His fingernails are bad and hurt me to look at.
He's pretty gross.
I'll stop sharing that.
Sorry.
Thanks, dude.
Thank you.
There's definitely won't be the last one though.
Yeah, I still miss you guys.
I do too.
Yeah, I get misty in my downs.
You guys have been watching.
You guys have been watching anything to pass the time.
All the things.
Obviously, Tiger King.
Yeah.
Dude, I just finished it.
I know everyone's talking about it.
It's so crazy.
Yeah, if you haven't watched it yet, you should watch it.
Boy, howdy.
It is so bizarre in a way that I was not even prepared for already knowing how bizarre it was.
Dude, I could not help but laugh out loud when they were showing the pizza that they made at the zoo.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
Imagine if you'd been there and you saw that and you had eaten one of those pizzas.
Right.
So I saw somebody on Facebook was posting about it and one of the comments was like,
dude, you know I got married there, right?
And then he posted a picture and said, Carol Baskins was our officiant.
And it was a picture of them getting married.
No way.
Carol Baskins with the flower crown marrying them.
Yeah, it was wild.
Oh, Chip, I really wish I'd been here for the start of this conversation because
I don't know about you guys personally,
but y'all are fucking wrong about Tiger King and Carol Baskins.
She's the only good one in the whole fucking documentary.
She killed her husband to save those tigers.
And the hero worship of Joe Exotic is really disturbing to me.
Wait, is there hero worship of him?
Oh, yeah, dude.
I agree that that's disturbing to me too.
He's a shithead.
He's a horrible person.
He's a terrible, terrible person.
Watching that fucking wedding scene, I was like,
dude, Danny McBride's whole career was just invalidated by
the most insane piece of nonfiction I've ever seen.
Are the wedding or the funeral?
Sorry, the funeral where he's seen.
He's talking about the kid's balls right in front of his mom,
who was just clearly on so much fucking meth.
Yeah.
Then the wedding immediately afterwards,
where she was one of two people he invited
just so he could post on social media that she was there two months after he died.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, fuck that guy.
I wonder how long until Carol Baskin is in jail.
I think she rubbed him down pretty good and that's sardine oil.
I think the evidence is gone.
Well, guys, we have a crazy amount of questions to get through.
I don't want to do any of these guys.
Let's talk about Tiger King.
This is a Tiger King spoiler cast now.
Exactly.
We're talking Tyg.
Let's do episode by episode.
Honestly, if you can have it spoiled for you by now,
that clearly means that you are not social distancing, you're not staying at home.
Do you like, you've done bad and you deserve to have it spoiled
if you haven't seen it at this point.
Our first question comes from crush36 over on the subreddit.
I think it's K. Ruse36.
It's crush.
K. Cruz.
It's Cruz.
Crux36 is the mod.
He's a dude who started listening a while ago.
He lives on the other side of the country and he is kicking ass modding the subreddit
as well as co-modding the discord for pretending to be people.
Very fun.
Someone changed his name to crush316 in the Google doc.
So crush asks, who would win in a round robin style and championship match thumb wrestling
game you do right after reading this question and then immediately commented, oh fuck, never
mind coronavirus.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
Yeah, we can't do it live, but that's an easy one.
Obviously me.
Yeah.
I was going to say Thomas.
Yeah.
I've seen Thomas's thumbs and they frightened me.
I think I would give you guys a run for the money.
I've got tall thumbs and they're double jointed.
I can pop it.
I've got, I've got kind of short, but like stout boys.
I think, I think we'd be an interesting fight, Joe.
Yeah, for sure.
I think Thomas would play a little dirty though.
I would.
I'd, uh, throw some, oh, I was going to say throw some tickles in.
Okay.
The tenacity of Thomas would really pull through, uh, moving, moving right along.
We got that one answered pretty quickly.
Joe, give up.
Uh, so, uh, Jayhawk asks, let's say your character gets a do over.
What one thing would you change?
And then in parentheses row, you can answer twice.
If for some reason the player and the character would want to change different things.
Bonus points of the GM can give an idea.
The GM just say Zach, come on, man.
Uh, if the GM can get an idea, if the Zach, uh, can give an idea of how things would be
different from that point forward, which I acknowledge could be difficult for the sake
of avoiding campaign spoilers or whatever.
That makes sense.
Let's start with, I've got an answer.
Um, I saw this question earlier today and I realized like I had no, I hadn't ever even
thought of that and I felt a little disappointed because people like go so in depth and do
their notes and shit and we just kind of play it once a week.
So I don't know.
I have no idea what I would change.
I'd have to really like what Thomas would change.
I don't think anything.
Cause that's kind of like antithetical to the, to play in the game.
But John Lee Pettymore, uh, would definitely just have fucking booked it with his $5 million
in Coke money and left town, left the state.
He'd be on a beach somewhere.
Like that's good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's, that's what he would have done differently.
How long would you have been on that beach though?
Before you realized maybe you weren't on a beach all along and you've been trapped.
I don't know.
He wouldn't fucking care.
How long have we been cops in contention?
Like four days, five days, December 1st to December 6th.
And then back again, who's up next?
I got one.
I have to talk about it cryptically because the other guys don't know about this.
But in this very last arc, I would have gone to a different place when I, when it was,
when it was brought up both Joe and Clark, I think, think that.
Oh, not this, not comp camp.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Not comp comfy.
The one, the one at the, uh, the university, there was an opportunity for Clark to maybe
go to city state university.
Yeah.
Go hit Luke.
His name's Luke.
No.
Does anyone remember their mascot?
Was the miners won it, or we, he was a flower to the mascot.
Oh, that was high school.
That was the contention.
High school is the miners.
Oh, was that, was it a poinsettias?
Yeah.
No, it was the, uh, the other ones, right?
It was the, uh, Edie guys.
Venus flytraps?
Venus flytraps?
Perhaps.
The Edie guys.
Doesn't matter.
Feed me Seymour.
I call my dick the Venus flytrap.
Wow.
Why?
Because it's Chris and Vanny and green for some reason.
Green and it eats flies.
I think if, if Keith was going to change anything, he would have really milked the
wheelchair aspect of it more, um, after he got shot in the foot.
Yeah.
Gone full Ray Gillette.
Yeah.
I would have, uh, I don't remember.
I think I got like a drone or something instead of a, like a military wheelchair.
I would have changed that.
The drone worked really well for me, man.
You should have got one.
I don't remember what my thing was, but yeah.
Yeah.
That didn't work out too well for you.
If anybody listening, uh, wants to send us all in quarantine drones and 3d
printers, that would, I would have a lot more fun if I could fuck around with both
those things.
I've followed subreddits for both of them for years.
Oh, wow.
Wait, how much do you know about dude?
Not as much as I know about 3d printers.
What would you print first?
That's my, well, you've got to, you've got to print benchy, which is the little,
uh, it's this little boat model, this adorable little boat that you print to
like, and it it's for troubleshooting like your initial setup and it's really
easy to tell based like it puts it through all the paces, does a bunch of
different things and you can tell really easily what needs to be fixed.
You do know a lot about 3d printing and people print giant benches and shit all
the time.
It's fun.
Here's a benchy that didn't get printed for the audio format.
No more screen sharing.
Boom.
There you can see some fucked up benches too.
So you can see some good benches here.
Yeah.
3d printing's dope.
What if your 3d printer has thalassophobia?
What is that?
The fear of like the ocean loss.
Anyway, thank you for what would you change about howling with Wolf?
Yeah.
Would Wolf the dog change anything?
I think he's perfect the way he is.
And I think he thinks he's perfect the way he is.
I agree.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.
There's there's not much to change about perfection, baby.
All right.
Yeah.
I'm going to say the opposite because if I could change anything about
would have canceled him after the first episode.
No, like as a GM, I constantly look at things and I'm like, Oh, I could have done that better.
But that's just like how you grow.
And like, as the person who actually like is the only one who knows what's going on.
Sometimes, you know, it's like a, it's, it's always like a thought in my mind of like,
Oh, I could have changed that.
Oh, I could have changed that to do the finish of like, what would change in the campaign
if you guys had done the things that you had changed.
Thomas, if you would have left with the money, I definitely would have had someone stop you,
obviously.
And perhaps imprison you likely.
Oh yeah.
I know that's not a, that's not like a real viable option.
That's just what Don Lee anymore would try to do.
Yeah.
And then they would have had to like, uh, you know, uh, come and capture or not capture.
What's the opposite of capturing someone?
What's Mario trying to do for save rescue.
Bounce.
So any of those things, uh, to you, uh, Joe, if you would have gone to a different location,
uh, then yes, a lot would have changed.
The last arc might not have happened the way it happened.
And, uh, I, I actually had completely other plans that I decided to change.
Uh, so that, that entire past arc in 26 years ago at calm, comfy campground,
was going to be something else.
So, um, because Joe went to a different place.
Yeah.
Wow.
Luke, uh, if you would have worked the wheelchair angle more, I would have made sure that
Contingent had ramps.
Contingent had ramps.
Is that what you said?
Yeah.
I would just would have made sure that Contingent was like, uh, compliant.
It is.
It does.
Disability friendly.
Oh yeah.
Of course.
Like all the businesses, they're super chill about that.
So, uh, Jayhawk Inc also asked what made you choose the specifics for this Delta green
game and went on to say, you're playing a group of police officers who are stumbling
into mythos rather than a group of seasoned agents on a sanctioned DG mission or a mix
of seasoned rookie agents or agents based on expertise agents in general, right?
So really there's a broad scale in how much Delta green lore and specifics you use and
how much you deviate and homebrew.
And I'm curious how we ended up in contention PD as opposed to anything else that could
have been, you know?
So why did we start as novices to the mythos, not seasoned professionals like you do in
a lot of Delta green scenarios?
Exactly.
And why are we playing in like a place we made up, I guess maybe in like a sandbox town
instead of like a mission, like where you are sent somewhere?
Well, I'll answer part of it cause I remember you, cause the character stuff obviously I
can't help with, but I remember you saying that the, the idea of the small town thing
was always like really appealing to you.
And we kind of all liked those stories being from the Midwest and having been to some very
small towns in our lifetime where just like weird crap kind of happens all the time, but
taking it to like the super extreme and how would a small town react to like the supernatural
elements and stuff like is just, I think that's just fun.
Yeah.
And I've wanted to run a sandbox for a while, like right, right.
And run a sandbox.
So that definitely had some to do with it, but also we just like, I think we came together
with that idea, right?
Like it was already going to be a small town when we met for the session zero.
I think so.
And I don't know.
I personally think it's a lot more fun this way.
Yeah, I agree.
Delta green missions are great.
They're just not really how we've played campaigns in the past.
And we, so, Oh, that's something we can say that this is pretty much how we did two full
like year long campaigns just around our table and kind of a little bit sandboxy.
Not, we didn't have a whole made up town or anything, but sure.
Yeah.
It was basically just like, I would take pre-written adventures from either call of Cthulhu or
Delta green.
And then I would mess with them and then make little like connecting scenarios to play in
between to kind of make the overall thread of whatever story we were telling connect
to itself, spiderwebs and all that.
I also think having a stumble into mysteries is fun from an audience standpoint that they're
learning and freaking out about things along with us that you maybe not, you maybe wouldn't
get if our characters were so hardened that none of this was new to them.
It's kind of fun that we're freaking out with weird shit in character and out.
Agreed.
I also love introducing the lore of Delta green, like whatever bits I choose to use
from the actual Delta green.
And then the ones that I make up and add, I love like sneaking that in slowly to a story
of people who are relatively normal.
I mean, it's, it's also fun.
This is it's fun as a player because I personally have never done any research about Delta green
lore or it's fun to, I've read a bunch of Lovecraft.
So, you know, I'm obviously familiar with Lovecraftian themes, but I don't own a Delta
green handbook or anything.
Keep it that way.
Have we just been running the default scenario?
Welcome to conviction USA.
A small town like any other.
Everyone on the threads are like, we don't play that one.
It's not very well written.
I actually wanted to say one time I played a Delta green mission and because someone
was like, so up to date with a lot of the Delta green lore, some weird monster of some
kind was spawning somewhere and they were already like, Oh, I know what this thing is.
But it was weird that their character would like, their character shouldn't know that.
And so it became this weird thing of them being like, Oh, I have to like pretend I don't
know this.
I don't know.
It's kind of more interesting to use the rule set, but then kind of be able to insert your
own fiction within it.
And then that way there's not people who are like, Oh, I know what's coming.
Like, yeah.
And I guess it's, that's not really a problem if you're playing somebody who is supposed
to be a seasoned Delta green agent, right?
Yeah, totally.
But their, their character was like just a small town, like park ranger or something.
Which I just, I think it's way more fun to play normal people exposed to this than it
is to.
Yes, I think so too.
One of my favorite ways to play is as a Delta green agent who has gone on one mission before
and has like one experience, but that's the interesting thing about a seasoned quote unquote
Delta green agent means they've probably like been doing it for not that long and not been
on very mission, very many missions, because if they had, they're probably loosey goosey
or a deady wetty.
And so as this virus ravages our nation, a lot more people are going to wind up deady
wetty.
So let's try to be respectful.
We've got another question here from feared reindeer.
It says, if you each had to give one bit of advice to someone, what would it be?
Don't listen to me.
First off, I just want to say, yeah, none of us are in any position to give any advice.
I think I am.
No, just be patient with everyone you meet.
Try to be, if they don't, if they do things that seem irrational or not understandable
to you, just know they're probably coming from a really different place.
And yeah, just don't be a Dick.
Don't, I don't like people who get like angry, like my stepdad perception is reality.
Mark.
I have a good one.
If, if some, unless someone else wants to step up, if you're already talking, just like,
stop interrupting me.
My advice is so like I was saying, yeah, yeah.
That's what I'm saying.
Justin, this is a year.
He's mean.
Hey, do you see what's happened?
You know what?
It's worth it to break free of your oppressive.
My advice.
This is something I said in, in the discord is, uh, is nevermind.
I forgot.
It was a bitches get paid.
He realized that he probably shouldn't say it.
Yeah.
It's not cool.
Cause he doesn't.
Oh my God.
I'm a fucking idiot.
I was really ready for some shit.
Like I was ready to be enlightened.
Luke.
Do you have any advice for the listeners at home?
Find a therapist you like.
Yup.
It helps.
Nice.
Mine's Mark.
Shout out to Mark.
Oh, nice.
Thomas's stepdad is Luke's therapist.
Uh, I yelled marker earlier.
Uh, so my, what's your advice?
My advice.
Oh fuck.
Am I going to Justin it?
I remembered mine.
Perfect timing.
Do you want me to go?
Yes.
Okay.
So mine is a, it's kind of like a mindfulness based thing, which is, uh,
take control of what you can and what you can control, make plans of action,
begrudgingly accept what you can't control and move on and be kind like Thomas said.
Yeah.
Everyone like, just be kind to each other, no matter what the haps are.
Unless someone's being a real big piece of shit, then you can be a dick to them.
But like the average person, you don't know what's, you don't know what's going
on in their life.
Like we do know what's going on with Zach.
He's just mean and malicious.
Yeah.
We met his nice parents.
We know it's just genetic.
Yeah.
I mean, not, we know it's, yeah.
Like you got it from a grandpa or something.
They definitely nurtured you, right?
Oh, my grandpa's a dick.
Yeah.
Like you.
It's good to see you guys.
Yeah.
It's really good to hang out again.
But yeah, I want to amend my answer.
Don't be be patient with everyone except for Zach.
Oh man.
My advice is to, uh, to ask questions.
Good one.
Like, what did you touch?
What's that smell?
I like, uh, what's wrong with you?
When I was in high school, I think like, is your face stuck like that?
When I was in high school, my face was stuck in this really, like I thought
attractive position, but that's just because I looked in the mirror all the
time and they say, the more you see something, the more attractive you
think it is, uh, which I'm finding in marriage, but no, it's, uh, it's,
it's just a, like when someone like talks about a band and asks if you've
heard of them and you like have heard of them, but you haven't listened to
them, like, just ask, I don't know, like, don't act like you know everything.
Okay.
So that's, that's wrong.
That's wrong listeners.
You should, you should be like, oh yeah, I've heard of them.
I've heard of them.
I prefer their earlier stuff.
Just like ask people questions and learn more.
Nice.
I like that.
Good advice.
Or front like, you know,
shut up.
Front it till you crown it.
That was good.
I liked it.
Joe.
Hey Joe.
Yeah.
Hey Joe.
Hi.
Give us some really good advice and don't embarrass yourself.
Like Zach just did.
Fin for yourself.
You heard it here.
Fucking number one, numero uno, baby.
Figure it out for number one.
It's Joe Terry.
I absolutely adore this next question.
We got it on Twitter and it's from at crane song.
And it says, if contention had continued to be boring and normal and the boys had
just kept on their normal person trajectory, what would their future have looked like?
Would they marry, have kids retire early?
And then they also, they said, I humbly offer unto you this blep.
And they had a nice picture of the cat with a little blep and that was very nice.
Cute cat.
Clark would definitely still be at the station and he would be eternally waiting for Maggie
to vacate her position position so that he could take over.
But I foresee it being like a Prince Charles thing that he, she would be there forever
and he would grow old and probably never get his goal.
That sounds right.
That's so sad.
That might be sadder than what actually happens to Clark Bishop.
Oh no, he's definitely living his best life now.
I think also something Clark would be doing in five years is probably arresting John Lee
Pettymore for like either John Lee Pettymore would have devolved into like the same
criminality he got up to in the podcast or he would have really gone hard on the cop
thing, gotten into some pretty questionable Facebook groups.
Oh God.
Yeah.
It's not a, it's not a bright, uh, it doesn't look good.
Let's hope John Lee Pettymore stays the path.
You know those people who are like, who hate AOC, but also clearly are like obsessed with
her?
I don't go to that part of the internet or at least I try to stay away from it.
I go to the parts of the internet that make fun of that part of the internet.
There you go.
Do you think John Lee Pettymore would have like a bunch of kids with multiple women or
is he a little more like, I'm a one woman kind of guy, man?
I really don't know.
I think, I think he, uh, I met a guy once who was, um, extremely just like Missouri
in a lot of ways, this electrician.
And we were talking when I was like 23 and he was like, so you're not going to get like
married or have kids anytime soon.
And I was like, yeah, I never, uh, I never really wanted kids.
And he like stopped and he was like, Oh, huh.
I never even thought about not having kids.
I think John might've been a little bit like that.
He's just like, yeah, it's what you do, right?
Like, sure.
That's good.
What's Keith's story?
Keith, uh, works there for about a year.
Gets fired.
Um, can't, uh, hold down a job eventually becomes homeless until his brother finally
takes pity on him.
Um, lets him live at his house.
And then Keith becomes like a manager of some small part of the beans Corp and probably
kills his brother at some point.
Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if, if, if he like hired you as security or something
and then you accidentally shot him in the head.
I think that's like what happened to John F.
Kennedy.
Yeah.
There's a 30 rock bit where Tracy says he knows his dad is dead because he's a celebrity.
And if his dad wasn't dead, he'd be paying him 250,000 dollars a year to mow his lawn.
That's such a good job.
So yeah, Keith, Keith is, uh, probably better, better off with the shit going down now.
Drew Andrews, I think would eventually.
Okay.
First of all, no one asked Zach.
Oh man, did they not?
That's another question.
Tell us about Drew.
I'm just being a dick.
There's another Drew Andrews question.
No, you're right.
It didn't, it didn't ask.
Yeah, not now.
Wait your turns.
I'm sorry.
Guys, I feel so bad.
Say it like Drew.
Guys, I feel so, I mean, contention police office.
This is Drew speaking.
Oh, I love him.
Yes, that makes me miss that.
I love Drew.
He's dead.
We got another question here.
That dude, no one knows says, is there a PO box?
We can send you beer.
We'll be setting one up shortly.
Yeah, just because you said that.
Hey, shut the fuck up.
And we got another one.
When are you coming out with merch?
Cause I need that shit.
That is also very soon.
We've got some really cool shit lined up and I'm very excited for you all to see it.
Every size of cock ring.
The colostomy bags with, with the logo on them.
Pet caskets.
Dude, pet caskets is so good.
Yeah, I know.
That's why we're going to be shipping them out pretty soon to everybody's who's already
pre-ordered a pet casket.
Which is most of you.
Thank you so much for going to my best friend died.
What do I do now?
Dot com.
Thankfully we were able to get that.
Uh, so yeah, that'll be out soon.
I'm really excited about it.
What is your favorite system for quick one shot slash introducing people to RP?
I mean just right off the bat, Delta green, Delta green, and it's the best one.
And it's, I think the best way to introduce people to role playing.
It's super easy to play.
Super intriguing.
I fucking love it.
I agree.
A hundred percent.
And the one shots are just always a fucking blast and you can get them done in three or
four hours usually.
Yeah.
What about you, Justin?
Uh, don't do what I did, which is try and learn an entire new system you've never played
and then try and run brand new people through it while you're also learning it.
Cause I tried that with dungeon world and it became a mess.
Even though dungeon world seems super dope, having all new people with like a more complex
system than like others, like the dice rolling mechanic was really easy, but like all the
other character building and other stuff was what is dungeon world.
How's it different from like D and D you, uh, gosh, I haven't played it in so long,
but the crux of it is like most roles are accomplished with two D six if I remember
right.
And a third of them are you get to do what you want.
A third are you kind of succeed, but I get, but I get to take something from you.
And then the other third are like you fail, which I thought was really cool, but it can
be a little confusing.
I think Delta green is really good for most people to start on.
It's easy to wrap your head around.
It's just percentages.
So you kind of get an idea right off the bat, how good or bad at a thing you are.
So you can kind of role play that a little easier.
It's easier to build the characters too.
I feel like, Oh, absolutely.
I think Delta green's like awesome.
I'm about to probably run some friends through it.
And I was like, this seems like the way to go.
Yeah.
I also think that the mechanics of a game are always the part I care least about and
the mechanics get in the way as little as possible.
Exactly.
That's my thing too.
I want to tell a cool story with my buds, not play a tactics.
I'm sorry.
You want to tell a cool story with your butt?
Dude, you fucking got me.
Sorry.
I'm real.
I'm real.
COVID caddy.
I'm real.
I'm real quarantine caddy tonight.
Quarantine caddy.
Final question from that dude no one knows is will drew ever get his teeth fixed and
be as successful as his paramedic cousin?
Oh, yes and no.
He's just as successful in our hearts.
I mean, he is not good at what he does, but he's a good friend.
He was always there for me.
He was actually, yeah, he's fantastic.
I made $5 million with that motherfucker.
So he could get his tooth fixed.
That's not an issue.
Our next question is
is from room service nachos.
That's me.
That's like, that sounds familiar.
Yes.
What's in my pocket?
Oh, it's a ring.
I've read that book.
Yeah, it's pretty good.
Harry Potter number three, I think number three, Harry Potter number three, Harry Potter
and Luke.
What's in your pocket right now?
Let's see wallet.
I'm calling wallet.
Like just a bunch of condoms.
Fuck.
If we'd actually been playing, we could have super one.
That would have been really easy.
Yeah, that would have been my passport.
Are you all like ready to evacuate?
Just in case, baby.
Some people have go bags.
He has go pants.
And a salt rifle tweezers tweezers.
Now you take care of that unibrow.
I know I was picking nose hairs out of my nose.
Oh, you pull them.
Yeah, I don't have many.
So I just do it.
It's kind of fun to pull them.
If you're a pervert like me and Luca.
It makes me sneeze.
I know I like it though.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
I can't come unless I sneeze.
Oh, there it is.
Dude, that.
Okay.
There was this dumb ass like book of facts that was given to me for Christmas one year.
This is in there too.
And it's holding up his driver's license.
Go ahead and screen cap that.
Put it on there.
Audio.
Audio medium.
So in this book of facts, it was like your brain can't tell the difference between
sneezing and an orgasm.
And it's like my brain can.
Obviously it can.
Obviously you're never like, oh, I've got to go change my pants when you sneeze.
It was always like a rumor going around when we were kids that a sneeze was an eighth of
an orgasm.
Yeah.
And so if you sneeze twice, you'd be like, oh, a quarter of an orgasm.
Yeah.
And then if you got the elusive eight in a row sneeze, then you had to leave.
You completed.
Yeah.
That's different.
Like eight sneezes in a row sucks.
Oh God.
Can you imagine?
I think the closest thing you can get is like, you can get, I think like a third of an orgasm
is like taking a really long, satisfying piss.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Oh, after a movie or something, maybe a quarter.
What about just, all right.
You got another question here.
Yeah.
If you push your pants twice, you're halfway there.
I'm living on a prayer.
Okay.
Nothing for asks is Alan Grimes based on Walter Mathau.
So here's the thing I really fucked up because Alan Grimes was originally based on Walter
Cronkite and Walter Mathau.
But then like, as Thomas pointed out, definitely turned into, um, Nixon and Nixon and Mathau.
Yeah.
But that is why I kept calling him Walter, even though Luke's character's name was Walter
because I had set him up as a Walter in my head and then made his son or not son's name
Walter.
Yeah.
That was a silly, silly call on my end.
They got another question here.
I liked this one a lot.
Each person name and describe their favorite tourist attraction in or around Springfield,
Missouri difficulty level.
You may not give the same answer as someone else.
Ooh, I'm going to go for the obvious one then.
Cause I think it's legitimately awesome.
The new aquarium in town is legitimately world-class.
It's uh, it's the best pro guy.
Johnny Morris.
Wonders of wildlife aquarium.
Still haven't been.
I've been twice.
It's really cool.
Go to the aquarium.
Don't go to the other part.
Which is animal trophies.
Yeah.
It's like under the guise of conservation.
It's just like, look who all these like rich fucks have shot.
Yeah.
And literally the signs next to the giraffes or the elephants say this animal was taken
by and then the name and then sometimes there's pictures of like Johnny Morris is like shit
eating nephews, like next to dead rhinos and shit.
And it's like, what the fuck?
Yeah.
It's really, it's really creepy.
But the aquarium is great.
The aquarium is super duper dope.
You should go to a Casper's when you, I'll avoid the, the like obvious tour tourist traps,
but you should go to Casper's.
It's this cool old, uh, burger joint in a, uh, in an authentic old Quonset hut.
That's a cool part of like Springfield LGBT history.
And they have dope burgers.
Wait, I didn't know it was, uh, I didn't know it was an ally.
Uh, the guy who ran it forever, uh, from like the seventies until the early two thousands
or even a little later.
Oh, that's sick.
Me and my dad used to go there for lunch every week and get Frito pie.
Yeah.
The chili there was dope.
I do like how they serve the chili in the bowls where it's like totally overflowing.
Yes.
It's completely overflowing.
Like slopped in there.
I have one also food adjacent.
Try some cashew chicken when you come here.
Yeah.
Yeah, we invented it.
Motherfuckers.
It's really good.
If you just want some weird fried chicken breast or thigh or whatever battered and with
just like a salty soy sauce over it, it's decadent and delicious.
If you go to a Chinese place near your place and you ask for cashew chicken, you will not
get what we're talking about.
Hers is very specific to Springfield and it's, yeah, it's like fried chicken and gravy.
It's great.
It's a nap maker.
But you can pretty much go to any good, cheap Chinese place in Springfield and get a pretty
good version of it, which is kind of fun.
For $4.50.
Yeah.
$4.50, a little side of rice and an egg roll.
But there's really good places too if you want to actually get a little more.
It's on the end that had the $4.50 forever.
Yeah.
What's your go-to Chinese place?
I drove by the other day and they're like $5, $5.50 now.
What the fuck?
I know.
Damn it.
What's your go-to Chinese in Springfield?
My favorite tourist attraction in and or around Springfield is not a Chinese food place, but
it is exotic animal paradise.
Oh yeah, dude.
Well, which hasn't been called that for years, right?
And is it even still open?
I don't think so.
Wait, is that the one where you drive through?
It is open and you do drive through it.
I think it's called Wild Animal Safari.
The reason that it's my favorite, besides the animal abuse, is on a real note, it is
probably some fucked up shit going on.
But when I was a kid, I went there a lot and I have a lot of really good memories with
my grandpa who passed away, who is the only grandparent who passed away when I was younger
and therefore holds a really nice memory in my heart because I didn't get to find out
that he was probably racist.
And so all my memories of him are pure and he would always bring leather gloves with
him so that he could unroll the window and pet the ostriches who would then peck at his
hands and grab onto his gloves.
And it was very fun.
One of my favorite memories growing up was driving through there and him rolling the
window all the way down and leaning the seat back in a buffalo put its entire head inside
the minivan and started licking the ceiling and my grandma was just like freaking out.
It was so funny.
That's dope.
Don't go there though if you come to Springfield.
It's not as, well actually I haven't been, I haven't even seen the place in like 15 years
so I can't, I don't know if the new owners are like Joe Exotic bad or not.
They do have two tigers.
Back in the day it was not like Joe Exotic's weird fucking zoo.
They were like roaming around.
There's also a real zoo where you can go and see the animals and they're well taken care of.
Yeah they have like a medical team that takes care of them all at the ad.
And the peacocks running around.
All right we've got, did anyone?
Hold on.
Hold on Luke.
Yeah we've got more.
Fantastic Caverns is pretty cool.
Oh hell yeah.
Silver Dollar City, not really Springfield but close enough.
It's so dope.
Food is great and you gotta ride the rides.
Are you a roller coaster guy?
You gotta ride the rides or they won't let you eat the food.
Yeah you have to throw, do the loops and throw.
It's always fun to throw up on the people behind you as a goof.
As a goof.
As a good goof.
I goofed you.
We went there, Zach and I and our and our partners went there last year on acid and
had a really fun time watching the old-fashioned glass blowers.
That would be incredible.
I was melting alongside the glass.
It was really chill.
I still have a knife that I bought when I was a kid.
Like a pocket knife that was made there.
It's pretty cool.
We then took Thomas on a roller coaster that you sit in and it goes around like a like
a carnival ride does but then it also goes on a roller coaster track so you're going
spinning around while you're going upside down and doing corkscrews.
Right like the car you're in itself like just spins all around on its axis.
Which is my favorite.
Yeah everyone loved it but me.
I don't want to ride a roller coaster on acid again.
Yeah I think that's really fair.
It was scary.
Did everybody say their favorite stuff?
Oh we also have the world's biggest fork in Springfield.
Do we really?
Yeah it's over in Chesterfield village.
What was the restaurant?
I have to pee so I'm gonna ask I'm at my parents house I'm gonna ask them they probably
remember.
If you can pee.
Hey guys would be cool if I did this.
We're gonna we're gonna need to wrap this up because my parents said no.
We have to watch they have to watch me do it.
It's like my mom used to work in prison for a while so I'll be right back.
Luke has a huge urethra so it's easy to smuggle contraband in with.
It's more like splashing a bucket of water on the ground.
No one talk.
I'm also gonna go pee so I'll be right back.
Is this it's pee break time it sounds like.
Sounds like it.
I might as well take advantage.
I don't have to pee.
I don't have to pee either.
I'm just gonna stare down.
Hi Justin.
Hey.
Hey it's just you and me.
It's just us now us two guys.
Two fancy boys.
Your beard looks incredible.
Thank you.
It's doing pretty well.
I'm loving it.
I went I went the opposite direction where I was like I need to change something about
my life and I have control over my hair.
It looks very sharp.
Thank you.
My mom was whenever I first shaved I'd like did like the more clean shaven thing and she
was like she's like you look like you're 18 again and it's weirding me.
It's like I'll take that as a compliment being a 30 year old boy.
There's finally enough years on my face that I don't look like a total child when I shave
but I do still have like weird baby face so it's like man baby.
Have you been playing any dope games or anything or are you just watching a bunch of stuff or.
I've been playing the fuck out of Total War Three Kingdoms.
Oh I'm so jealous.
It's super fun.
My cousin actually bought it like gifted it for me.
Oh wow that's awesome.
Which was super nice.
Yeah I just woke up and like got on my computer and was like your dope ass cousin has sent
you a gift.
Oh that's awesome.
Because she bought her brother like the DLC for it the new DLC and she's like you guys
should play multiplayer together which we haven't I've just we've both racked up like
I can see his play count rising along with mine as we're just like at home alone.
I've heard what game Total War Three Kingdoms the newest Total War game it's a lot of fun
and the setting is really cool like ancient China.
Yeah I love that whole setting I used to play all the Dynasty Warriors games just because
I love that like the idea of that setting yeah and then realizing it was like actually
a thing makes it even more interesting it makes me want to play the Total War stuff because
I feel like they're a little more historical while still making the heroes more hero like
but it's more a little grounded in a lot of other aspects.
So you can play it like two ways which is kind of interesting romance or records is
what they call it.
Oh interesting.
So romance is based more on just like the novels the romance of the three kingdoms yeah
yeah and or just novel but and so it's it's also kind of inspired by the the war hammer
Total War games.
Yes yeah which are fantastical abilities and stuff and and and that your generals are just
like single units who have like superhero level powers yes yeah or you can play it more
old school Total War which is what I do.
Both those sound interesting to me for like different reasons but it's like yeah yeah
that's that that one's on my list for sure once it goes like just enough on sale it's
going to be one of those ones I just like instant buy and probably put like way too
many hours into.
So they asked another question Okay Nothing Four asked are you going to set a new Patreon
goal one million dollars you're the guy you tell us yeah I mean we will when we decide
what we want it to be we'll probably come up with two or three ideas and let the patreons
decide the patrons decide in a poll what the next goal will be so if your patron look out
for that that'll be coming up shortly you will figure it out.
They also asked for the players how much time do you each spend thinking about this campaign
outside of recording sessions it just Thomas don't answer first it'll make it sound bad
it just kind of depends on what you've told us to think about some specific things but
I legitimately think about it a whole lot and sometimes I pull out my notebook and refresh
myself on stuff okay sorry Thomas yeah yeah I mean you're right the answer the answer
is not much I think about the act of I think about us spending time together and stuff
like that but and like look forward to it yeah the act of physical love that we exactly
that we engage in well that makes sense I'll think about like cool stuff we did or like
things I might want to do or try to figure out but I am more with Thomas in this boat than uh
Joe a lot of it is like it I it'll be cool to do this next week also this might suck for like the
DM and like invested listeners to hear but I'm totally just here for the ride I'm have like
it's really fun to experience the mystery like washing over you yeah if we think about it too
much we might figure stuff out my animal yeah exactly how smart can how smart can Zach be
if you actually go back and listen to it um pretty pretty fucking good at this man
we know we know I would say even I think about it a lot while like making music and shit like
I think about like what moments could possibly come up or like what would have been cool for
another moment and also wolf wolf the dog in it every week obviously I'm like always kind of
caught up on what's going on and then being in the show even it was like it's so it's so many like
weird different angles that I feel like I've approached it from which is kind of kind of fun
if I haven't been thinking about it at some point within the week I will start thinking about it
again you know yeah yeah because I leave oh hit me I was gonna say this next question can
lead into whatever your answer is to both this and the next question oh oh bless you Joe that
was such a good transition I fucked it up immediately by thinking about it uh we got
Joe Tapa Joe Tapa Joe Tapa jot a paw anyway asks Zach what does your session slash campaign
preparation look like everyone how much time do you spend playing PTBP are you playing any other
TT RPG real quick I'll just hit the what does my prep look like when I was first writing the
campaign I would go to the public library so I didn't get distracted and I would sit down at a
google doc and I would write out characters who lived in contention and then I like not at the
very beginning like once I already had like the plots kind of slightly like the plot that happened
before the podcast started essentially so I wrote all that out almost like a short story first and
then I created NPCs out of that and then for week to week I do I actually like I write the campaign
week to week now because I have no idea how their actions are gonna affect what we do next so I try
not to plan too far in advance outside of like big moving pieces within the setting that's pretty
much same here nice do you have any do you guys did that make sense to you guys no yeah yeah
uh basically like if I if I have an idea of what their plan is or something I'll try to prep
places people and motivation and that's it and then I've talked about bangs before on the other
Q&A's yeah always having a few of those in back pocket is good so we've got are you guys playing
any other RPGs I guess that question would have been maybe different before I'm still playing
another delta green campaign I'm zooming it in tomorrow but he nobody else had ever played it
and the guy running it is not me so I'm helping him out a little bit
but it's fun it's called we're calling it the moldy worm campaign
gross nice but yeah it's fun but it's no it's no PTBP wow way to downgrade your
yeah that's rough shout out to I assume by everybody that listens to this
so Tyler
um I am actually haven't been playing any others but as I've vocalized a couple times here I've
been wanting to to dip in a little bit with running some stuff and I think I'm going to try
I didn't realize the core rule book of delta green and the one of the missions is free online it's
called need to know and you can download it and it gives you all the information that you need to
play your first game as well as a dope intro scenario exactly one we've ever done uh yes it's
the one with Clyde Bauman I believe Joe is the only one who has not played it so I'm thinking
of running some of my friends through that since uh we were kind of talking about doing it anyway
and a great social distancing thing is a role playing online so I think that's going to be a
big thing for me because I was like man I really would like to do this and it's fairly simple to
set up stuff online especially delta green you don't need a board or anything
to look at you just need your character sheets and your imaginations
why I just think I'm the luckiest role player in the world because PTBP is my weekly game
oh that's just so sweet of you Thomas why it is just so nice I appreciate the words that you say
to me every time yeah I think I definitely got spoiled by this being my first uh roleplay group
yeah like once we clicked and found each other uh especially reading horror stories on the internet
and just like normal stories on the internet I was just like oh fuck we once we finally booted
Alex really came together yeah happy birthday Alex oh no is it his birthday today it is I
meant to call him I didn't fuck I didn't either oh no he's gonna take that very personally let's
all text him right now I'll text him at the same time but how I'm I didn't get on Facebook how
am I supposed to know uh because he's your friend I don't know it's not my fucking calendar
yeah I don't either I said happy birthday cuck I said happy birthday dude exclamation point wow
I said happy birthday my sweet babe oh I'm texting him from an unknown number and saying I'm gonna
find you I have a very particular set of skills you guys like my Irish accent yeah that's really
good I have a daughter oh no I still remember it like an early comedy bang bang where Kevin
Pollock came on he was showing off his bit of like one word impersonations he's like can you
find one word that gets to the uh like absolute essence of the person you're trying to uh
impersonate sure and for Liam Neeson it was banana
oh that's really good he was like a little too proud of himself and he just kept saying it
yeah well that'll happen fun I've been thinking about it for like five years
worth it yeah hypothetically uh Joe Taba also I don't know how Joe Taba also asks
uh hypothetically if a gorilla uses sign language and asks that you eat it does the
gorilla's consent make the meat vegan or are you more worried that the gorilla might have
poisoned itself and is trying to kill you I don't trust anybody who's into vore uh gorilla or not
vore is the sexual fetish of being eaten I don't understand the issue I know you've asked me
several times so you know like you're like just a toe just nibble the toe I just want you to draw
it all right so we already talked about the guy who made tacos out of his foot yeah we did yeah
we did that well is dry uh we got another question here I didn't I I wouldn't eat it and it's not
vegan yeah I don't know if I would eat gorilla um it seems fucked up how tasty is it that's that's
a good question it'd be like eating a really strong man I know oh yeah it'd be sinewy the
closest we can get is to like eat how tasty is it how tasty is the rock I think like a big fat
gorilla would taste better yeah you gotta get some like you're gonna let's move on
you gotta get some you gotta fat that gorilla
feed you and feed you and feed you I want to eat a girl on a diet of like old meat from walmart
that joke wasn't bad it was jane goodall
oh my god yeah when they bust out the walmart truck
oh my god it's so fucking sad all right uh we got uh damn guardian uh dom guardian on reddit asks
how long do you usually play for like how long are sessions two to four hours depending on if we do
one or two yep yeah hour and a half to yeah nailed it moving on j sake or j sake i i don't know uh
so joe faved one of my tweets casting the pt bp tv series good stuff which led me to click on his
twitter profile which leads me to the following question joe why the fuck does obama follow you
on twitter oh and then we had a follow-up of j-hog inc said might as well ask why britney
spears follows him while we're at it is that real that is real the verified accounts i checked it
earlier today because i'd never seen that the verified accounts of both barack obama
and britney spears were two early followers of joe's twitter account yeah so me and barry go way
back uh i introduced him to michelle and brit brit has been a fan of mine forever back when we were
in the tall dark and handsome she was a fan of our band uh great answer moving on wait how did
that actually happen though the real answer is that obama follows i think anybody who follows
him i i haven't checked but that's i think he's probably got a million follows also joe's just
assumes that but really like barack has been for like a decade like well i won't fucking joe like
i just want him to notice me i wish joe would dm me slide into my dms he's got 115 million followers
but only 600 000 follow he's only following i'm in the top 600 000 baby yeah you're a great
american that's pretty good uh this next question is from barry obama
and it's just the complete uh lyrics to stan
i was when i was in a like elementary school maybe middle school i was i had a huge huge
huge crush on britney spears so maybe she sensed that through the net and was like
i'll throw that kid a bone did you ever like retweet something of hers or no i mean i probably
follow her that's probably where the accounts crossed paths but no i don't know why she's
following me there's a really cool dude named joe terry who's friends with both of them
it's his dad to be honest i don't want to meet the kind of person who's friends with both
britney spears and barack obama they've been looking at him they've seen some
dog shit i don't know man those both seem like very uh kind-hearted celebrities to follow yeah
britney's like leading the revolution now so i guess i should get on board uh we've got another
question from jay saki he says now that dennis detwiller has released an entire absolutely
amazing campaign around the king in yellow called impossible landscapes which starts this with the
scenario night floors will you get ross paton to run y'all through the whole thing pretty please
it's a wild fucking ride i think i should be the one that goes on there and none of you guys and
i'm just really combative the entire time with yeah i think that's a good i'd like that i won't
leave until it's finished but i make it as hard as the campaign yeah well frankly this town's not
big enough for uh for both of our podcasts so uh rppr watch your back
i would i would love to do that yeah that would be great i don't sounds fun yeah if ross has the
time that would be a huge commitment yes it would it would be really fun and really nice i absolutely
loved playing in uh night floors and to go back into that world would be a lot of fucking fun i
think that's such a cool weird scenario uh yeah i would love to love to do more of it that would be
super i would too super cool yeah i mean once we get the patreon up there's it's not out of the
realm of possibility if we hit a goal that was high enough to run a second campaign on the patreon
we also have to do get pins uh before we do that to give to him he was kind enough to give us all
enamel pins the rppr logos super cool and we got another question it's from xylopia on reddit said
did they ever finish the road construction work around zach's house parentheses yes we saw you on
the news zach mwahaha which is horrifying docs um i was on the news uh they are doing construction
in front of my house it was uh i got a letter that said it would be done november of 2019
and it just got asphalt two days ago yeah i when i came to get all my stuff from your house i
didn't realize that and i stepped in it and i have tar all over my shoe yeah it is uh yeah did you
drive through it no they had cones up i just literally didn't i didn't think why they would
have put cones up i thought some idiot left cones in the middle of the room i just stepped right in
and i'm like what the fuck luke ginsman valedictorian of ozark high school yeah if you google my
name and go to videos my speech is on there uh nice wow yeah we should maybe we can live stream
and watch along yeah we can do that at the end how how long is it like it's three minutes okay
oh then yeah it's really bad too we got another question here uh colonel damanche colonel
underscore damanche colonel oh that's my bad tylenol i showed taylor clue last night she'd
never seen the movie clue i haven't i haven't either last night it's streaming on netflix and
it's an absolute delight uh this question is what does drew do in his free time he plays minecraft
the mouth harps yeah yeah is he a twitch streamer probably before and after the money
oh yeah yeah he actually what if he was like a legit twitch streamer yeah
he does like how-to videos on minecraft but he's like not good at all
oh i think drew would be really good at people just watch it to hear his voice
uh so maybe he is more successful than what was his uh cousin's name emmit yeah yeah the emt
he also i was looking at his videos the other day and uh he favorited uh he actually has a
secret asmr youtube channel too oh that doesn't surprise me can you give us a little a little
clip into that zack uh hello everybody i just think that um i know it's been a while since
you've come into my salon it's just uh it's a number it's a number one on the
side isn't it um thank you all for coming to uh drew andrew sesame
i hated all that tingles tingles baby tingles get those crinkles get those tingles another
question from that gave me like three sneezes if you know what i'm talking about
oh nearly there baby uh what's everyone's favorite horror movie and this is gonna
lead us into a few questions in a row about media uh so get ready uh what's everyone's favorite
horror movie or the very first very great one that comes to mind my fluctuates all the time
it follows is a great answer uh but i fell in love with the conjuring the very first conjuring
and i still rank it up there as one of my favorite horror movies of all time i think it's
really really well done the witch is up there for me too the witch is amazing which is awesome um i
gotta say my favorite all time is alien oh hell yeah it's such a perfect movie and then uh my
favorite recently is probably uh uncut gems i get a horror i consider it oh yeah man watch it again
like the first reaction you get from the movie is exactly like a great horror movie i saw it
three times and loved it i also before we went and saw it watched good time which is like good
time is awesome even crazier i still haven't seen that one it's really good it's on netflix it's on
my heart attack dude it's stressful he is our greatest working actor though i like honestly
believe that about this better than michael shannon yeah i think he's got more wrench oh
i can't wait for his batman did you see michael shannon play comedy in that christmas movie with
joseph he's really good and seth rogan and anthony mackie no it is it's really delicious uh justin
i saw that one together in theaters justin you got a favorite horror movie i don't i don't do a
lot of horror movies even though i'm always super interested in them uh i have trouble with the the
expectation of jump scares taking all the enjoyment out for me just like being like
there's probably going to be a jump scare because this camera angle is this way and it's edited this
way and then i just like yeah i have a lot of trouble actually getting to just sit there and
like get myself into it i think uh but best like horror like adjacent thing the hannibal tv show is
really fucked up and weird wonderful wonderful answer that's a really good answer that's so
good horror thing and it's really well done yeah it's like it's like is it horror it's like parts
of it are horror and parts are like this there's a lot of drama and it's like it's so also
soundtrack wise some of my favorite weird creepy soundtrack shit ever oh um actually uh i really
liked enemy a lot and a lot of that was soundtrack that was good it follows was like one of those
things though too where i i really liked it like thinking about it but watching it i just was like
always waiting for a jump scare and because of that i feel like it's harder for me to actually
just enjoy it for whatever reason if that makes any sense it's just like i'm waiting for that
noise to fuck me up instead of like focusing on the horror of what's actually happening
so dude i have so many horror movies in my mind i love that genre it's even the shitty ones are
great yeah luke showed me my favorite horror movie is my own mind man that's my favorite
horror picture luke one night we were hanging out and he was like have you seen drag me to hell
and i was like oh that one is really had a blast it was so fun uh it's like my favorite is the
shining like i i don't think i've seen anything that rivals that experience for me because i saw
a little too early and so it it's on like sixth or seventh grade and it it left a real mark
the scariest movie i've ever seen is sixth sense when i was 10 oh holy shit every time i went to
the bathroom at night same dude i was the other thing is i was like really into ghosts at the time
and i never thought about them being scary and like wounded and then i was convinced i was just
gonna see like a bloody fucking ghost like right i was like dude my mom is gonna be uh the bathroom
is at the end of this long ass dark hallway and i would just like sit at my door there was like
a few months when i would just like weigh if i really needed to go when i was in the second
grade i watched the ring and that terrified oh shit the ring is really fucking good yeah did
you just say second grade second grade it came out in 2002 i was in the second grade oh my god
you were probably in the third grade i was a super duper scaredy cat kid and horror movies
freaked me the fuck out to like crying hysterics and we were trying to watch uh the faculty
and john stewart in that movie gets all of his fingers cut off at one point and i ran screaming
out of the room and i was kind of like huddled in a corner and my evil sister comes running in
and going look my fingers are gone and she's holding down her fingers into her
at like she she had to have been you know six years old maybe and she was fucking with me the
older brother it was uh it was horrific that is exactly what i imagine your relationship with
your sister is still like exactly i call her in to kill the spiders for me and she tortures me
about it i got one more before we move on oh hit it okay the house of the devil or anything that
ty west directs all i've heard those are really good he did one of the in that movie vhs he did
one of those oh yeah yeah i would say recently mandy was like mandy's wonderful maybe not horror
like it's a thriller i guess technically oh it's pretty thrillers are definitely my like jam more
than horror same that's if we're doing thrillers i can run there's too many like thrillers are
definitely yeah the way it goes for me gotta say hereditary to hereditary i was just about to bring
up because that is like if we want to talk about like horrific movies yeah that's the scene with
the i'm gonna transition because i haven't seen that one yet just finally oh my god dude it's
gonna fuck you up it's so much let's move on to the next one marie x lupin marie x lupin asks
everyone what is your favorite piece of lovecraftian media books movies comics etc
or is playing tabletops your main slash only exposure to the genre thomas can you please
start since you said that you read lovecraft earlier uh yeah in my early 20s uh i read
uh a lot of the lovecraft stories i don't know if i really had a favorite because they're kind of at
this point just like interesting historical artifacts yeah oh there's one that is not
lovecraft but it's from like the 1890s or something uh the willows 1907 uh by algernon
blackwood um it's just a really name it's just a really creepy story about like these two guys
going down um the daniel river like on a canoe trip anyway it's it's just really it's it was
really influential for like the the tone of a lot of the things we all enjoy so that's my that's my
out of left field answer i don't remember if it really went anywhere i remember kind of being
dissatisfied in the ending maybe but i i did enjoy the ride and it's just like it's got atmosphere
out the fucking ass um and it's not uh racist like all of lovecraft stories so that helps my
answer my answer actually so i haven't read a whole lot of lovecraft i think i've read maybe
three or four of the short stories uh but one of my favorite pieces of media is called the the
ballad of black tom and it's one of his stories it's the uh horror at red hook from the viewpoint
of his black servant in that story whoa oh that's cool i've heard it's really really good it's a
novella you can read it in a night it's really really well done i read really slow uh i've
i've never read anything by hp lovecraft i haven't either uh i know that's kind of like uh
maybe fucked up but uh you should when we when we get off of here you should read like call it
gathulu because it's not that long and it's really cool for just the the world of like
unnatural horrors that it introduces and you'd understand you'd have more context to say
photography all the time which i do so probably my favorite lovecraftian media has got to be
the yellow wallpaper which i just recently brought up during one of the integral scenes
of the last episode of this last arc and what's cool uh for me like that story means a lot to me
personally uh because i once went insane and was trapped inside a room that my husband had locked
me in because i was anxious uh no uh so like i was obsessed with that book ever since i or the
since that short story ever since i read it for the first time when i was in sixth grade and then
i studied english in college the first time and i read it in two other classes actually and it
brought it back for me and then uh turns out that the girl i was dating who then uh was also named
taylor and is also my wife now uh she uh that is actually her favorite short story and so she
teaches it in her english classes i think she finds a way to push it in there and so it's
always on my mind anyway love that short story it's very creepy yeah i've never read lovecraft
but i've seen some like movies based on his stuff um when i was a kid i didn't realize it was
lovecraft but i saw um from beyond it's like a 80s like kind of b movie uh but it was scary when
i was a kid and i remember it being good and then i recently watched color out of space with nick
cage oh hell yeah that was really fun i want to that's on my list of quarantine movies i'm gonna
yeah it's i check out so i enjoyed it a lot um and then i recently played the uh call of cthulhu
game on the switch which was fun but took me like five hours to beat so not really worth the price
so one of my favorite lovecraft adjacent things which actually kind of got me more into it was
like the weird true detective season one shit where they talk about carcosa and the yellow
king and it's like kind of in the weird background and shit that actually was like one of the first
times i was like oh what is all like what's the yellow king what's this what's carco like i don't
i didn't really know anything before watching that and it added this weird like supernatural
tinge to uh what is more kind of grounded in reality and all the cultists and stuff like so
oh shit i'm gonna rewatch that yeah i've been thinking about it a lot lately for some reason
i don't know but that's mine i have actually we have a lot of time on our hands yeah
but yeah that's mine i actually like i'm kind of like some of the other people i haven't read any
lovecraft stuff i've actually been meaning to read the willows also that's on my list so when
thomas brought that up i was like oh someone i know actually has read this i added a bunch
of horror books to my to read list so i'm excited to dive into some it's a it's a good one when i
was i haven't done it in a few years but for a while i was really in the habit of reading like
our no sleep stories before bed and stuff interesting i've been doing that they're
perfect for it because they're like they're short they're spooky and engaging the only problem is
it's it just gets so hard to like find an actually good one for sure and i feel like the writer base
has gotten maybe younger yeah uh so there's just a lot of bad writing mistakes i literally last
night i hadn't been to no sleep in a long time but i just went to top of the year and started
reading that's always good yeah this is something i don't know if you guys have but like i said with
like horror movies specifically it's like prepping for that jump scare is like too much for me
sometimes for whatever reason i don't know if it's because i know video editing and camera work and
other stuff and kind of like the technical details of how they're prepping to do certain
things and horror stuff sometimes it's like oh they're probably going to do a jump scare and
then i get like more psyched out instead of like just kind of like soaking in the the ambiance or
whatever but reading horror does not have that effect on me at all and so i find myself when i
read scary stories or like a comic book or other stuff i really enjoy that and so i think i'm going
to start diving more because i love like the story of horror it's just the way so many horror
movies are shot is so jump scare heavy or you're even if it's not jump scare heavy i've been like
my mind is expecting it constantly so it like takes it it takes me out of it instead of like
just getting to like wallow in the the weirdness or whatever i get really annoyed when non-horror
movies have uh like set up shots over somebody's shoulder in a mirror or something yeah exactly
i was watching walking dead recently uh because my parents watch it and i was just kind of like
i was like i guess i'll hang out and watch it with you guys or whatever and it's like one of
those things where it's like oh there's going to be a jump scare here and almost every time
there is but it's still like it's because they always put like a stinger with audio and the other
stuff it always gets me because it'd be the same as like if someone just yelled at you randomly
out of nowhere in your everyday life you'd be like it's just like that sound and the way it's
usually cut and edited it always like it always works on me like it's really hard to get a good
one a good jump scare yeah i think they have their place for sure had my absolute favorite
jump scare of all time it's so fucking well done yeah everyone talked about that jump scare and i
didn't want to spoil it for myself but i haven't watched the series yet the whole series i loved
but that jump scare was it's an all-time for me it's so well done is it more of a slow burn kind
of horror thing or is it pretty jump scare heavy or uh both it's a slow burn because it's a series
yeah they have to stretch out the horror for yeah episodes or whatever it was but there are some
good jump scares in it but like i said they're well done like it's it's it's i think they're
one of my favorite ones ever yeah it's so well done it made my soul fly out of my body in such
a great way it took me four episodes before i was like oh yeah that's the other thing it's it does
take a few episodes i agree and but then it became one of my favorite it's like a really
good it's like a really good family drama that's also a horror thing like it's not just scary it's
like actually like a well-acted there's also one episode that's all one take and it's really well
done yeah they did a good job on that yeah that's on my list how long is that shot well so i mean
it's there's trickery involved but it's the episode i mean they don't cut for the whole
oh that's right that's right but there is one sequence that is like 12 minutes long wow where
they actually like don't have yeah like oh yeah you're right you're right uh i read that on the
mdb trivia that like that one of their longest not actually it's super long cuts yeah it's
super duper long they they did a whole thing where because that the whole show takes place
between two time periods and they they did a camera transition between sets to do the time
change there's a whole behind the scenes of that episode that's so so freaking cool well and that
leads us into to another question about whether or not clark bishop's character uh is based on
jonas convolt from dark oh yeah i i would never say sure but i've never seen it i know i i didn't
think uh either of you had um it's actually it's pretty good it would be a good quarantine watch
i've heard nothing but good things about that show but the first time that i put it on i was
too high to read it is it is all subtitles um i heard it described as grown-up stranger things
that's a pretty good way to put it actually what about grown-ups too and stranger things
that would be great it is it is like so there's this time travel thing going on in this town and
no spoilers they i'm i won't spoil it but they set it up so it's a certain amount of years between
like time-traveling windows and they just like very like carefully do it so it avoids all of
the unpleasantness that happened in germany during some certain years which is a good call
but it's a little like interesting no nazis in this store no nazis only before and after
millennium hand is who asked that question by the way millennium hand german is like a really uh
funny language to to read the subtitles of and then like hear it
because the subtitles will be like are you all right and they're like das ist in ordinung
uh yeah no i will watch that i'm excited to watch it and then i'll steal all the
ideas to finish up clark's ark all right it's good i think taylor would really like it too
probably uh she's also very into this exact kind of tv we actually watched uh haunted
hill house haunting the heil house uh twice didn't mean to say heil so uh
we got a question from the quiet shouter oh my god thomas has pulled down his shirt
so deeply to reveal all of his chest hair and both of his nipples which he is rubbing vigorously
well the podcast got us these nice webcams and i've got to make a little extra money somehow so
i honestly have been thinking about like would i get kicked off uh
like a porn campsite if i just went on like with my two kittens
oh hey guys look at me not if your dick's out there you go probably even just like one ball
would be fine one ball in it that's like what i'm into just some real lance armstrong hitler shit
don't take it out of context but they both have one testicle all right so uh all right
god well you guys didn't get that from just like the thing i said well i just i don't know you
said heil earlier and i got all confused yeah it was like i'm really sorry zach becoming a nazi
i don't think so uh so quarantine does strange things to us all not that thankfully we've got
a question now is all right uh the fun jojo rabbit nazis dude that movie was incredible
we got a question from the quiet shouter who asks what is each character's favorite musical
drew's is the producers mine is nice wicked i don't know about keith but john lee pettymore's
is uh guys and dolls because it was the one he was in in high school yep clark's is wizard of
us he likes the idea of getting the courage and the brains and the heart
wolf the dogs would be phantom of the opera because he likes how that guy lurks around
in the theater all the time oh my god that's perfect a personal personal yeah he's like he's
like this show needs a name there luke what about keith vigna do you think he's ever seen a musical
probably not i mean he's seen the wizard of oz so he would probably just hop on and say that
i don't know how would keith vigna pronounce lay miserab he would he wouldn't try
less miserables exactly we've got another question from quiet shatter asks what book
recommendations do y'all have for the fine folks in the contention book club uh right now i'm
reading the plague by kamu because it seemed thematically appropriate and it's good i think
i'm an anarcho-syndicalist now so not really so that's nice um i've been reading a book called
why buddhism is true by a behavioral psychology anthropologist that's really cool as i am on my
mindfulness bullshit basically talking about how like the teachings of buddhism are like actually
still ringing true in modern psychology and how they apply to humans as we have evolved from
living in villages and stuff but we still like freak out over the same things that we've always
freaked out over because our brains aren't that much evolved from those past times it is a very
cool book and he's very funny that's he's very funny otherwise it would not be fun to read
i would recommend house of leaves i always loved that and any fan of this podcast would probably
find something to like in it uh and then also the next question is from uh the modest light
who brings up uh john dies at the end which is uh i love that book too and a fan of this podcast
would also find a lot to enjoy in there if you've found that um you don't read as much as you once
did or would like to because of the internet or just the world or whatever i just read uh
kitchen confidential by anthony bordain and it's you know it's a book i'd always heard about
uh but it was really entertaining it's a really quick read and it like really helped put that
reading habit back into my life and it became a lot easier after like having a book that i
could just that was like a page turner that i could just scorch through to like make time to
read each day now that's awesome so so did living in quarantine uh real quick to give a suggestion
for a book uh for the contention book club would just be uh Dianetics the modern science of
it oh no and all your people here you're tremendous except the people in the left
when you're smoking on a big ass i think i'll probably read john dies at the end because
i've seen the movie like five times over the past many years and like the movie it's
did you like it are you so you've seen it many times because you like it yeah so i it it's the
weirdest thing that that movie starts out so perfectly stuck to the book like the first act
is is verbatim from the book and then it goes really wild at the end i wonder if they ran out
of budget or something it it really screws with the story and it leaves out a huge chunk that's
like a whole like arc in the book it's it's really wild how crazy that movie went i'm really glad
that i didn't read it first then yeah because like it was fun i have not seen the movie or read the
book but i should so far in quarantine i went back and read uh cat's cradle again i anything
Vonnegut is always good yes read breakfast of champions and then i read uh the time machine by
hg wells it's really short and fun and then i've been reading a lot of Cormac McCarthy books so i
read uh shit i forgot the name of one of them uh child of god was interesting it's pretty short too
uh and i'm reading blood meridian right now and it's very violent and it's still cool i really
like uh douglas adams i think that's probably i haven't read john dies at the end but i'm guessing
that my favorite book by him uh which is dirk gently's holistic detective agency
probably has a super super fun yeah probably has a similar vibe i don't know also that was a
crazy tv series uh i don't know if you guys saw my list it's on hulu right now what is it
two seasons of very fun television with elijah wood if i'm not mistaken it is elijah wood indeed
uh really fucking silly and very very fun anon a no-no asks okay i've got a real scandalous one
kiss marry kill past present future i love kiss give a little yeah kisses give a little smooch
brother yeah you gotta you gotta kill your past gotta kill your past kill the past kiss the
present marry the future boom yeah that's mine for sure no i think you gotta kiss the future
you gotta marry the present you gotta marry the present you gotta be grounded in that present
baby but but without without completely killing the possibility of the future you want to give
it a smooch you have to look forward to it with a gentle smooch but yeah sometimes a kiss can lead
to the future but uh right now my present is uh is coronavirus lockdown so i would kill it
i would kill it to do anything to the future
whatever you want future i'll do whatever you need baby whatever yeah to ride this wave uh
i've got some great news uh i mentioned last week's uh on last week's episode that my dad
uh went in and got tested for covid and his test came back negative
yeah
two days later his fever broke and he's feeling no symptoms and my mom has not gotten sick or gotten
any symptoms but they're both still doing a full 14-day quarantine to make sure and i am proud of
them both and super happy that they don't hopefully have it because it could be a false negative but
hopefully not yeah so it's wild how much the symptoms mirrored it and then to yeah be negative
that's awesome dude it's also wild some of the like false the like the tests are kind of bad
especially depending on where they came from like some of them fail up to like 30% of the time
so yeah but your mom's fine probably
zach oh he was frozen i see i thought he was oh yeah i did too
did someone say something mean about my dad
nobody said anything about but the truth about your about your shitty fucking dad
denny denny is amazing maybe one of the best people
to have ever existed he's a good one uh hey question joe yo do do we need to wrap this
thing up oh no i can keep going okay i assume everyone else is on a uh similar sleep schedule
to me so let's keep pushing yes yeah yeah okay sorry not asking a question no sorry
when my statements are supposed to be questions um just so forceful we got a question from
at snuggles mcsquigg nice does each cast member have a favorite character they'd
created for a past campaign they wish they could bring into a new one oh yeah
yeah yeah for sure doctor dr denny denison i really hope makes an appearance at some point
dr denny denison was great that was a character he was a cult surgeon yeah he was a doctor surgeon
for a cult uh i think i got kicked out of it you did get kicked out of it uh i don't remember how
he was just nasty and gross he was always trying to collect bodies yeah he developed a poop fetish
at one point he sounds like a joy that was fun that one so yeah luke literally when i gave him
that fetish uh just ran with it he stood up and he said okay i'm gonna play this out i'll be right
back and he walked out of the room and we all sat there and then he walked back in and he set up a
chair as the toilet which is like he got this fetish from like finding a clue inside a toilet
that was filled with shit he found it in a turd right yeah and then like as he found it like a
bunch of the brood worm yeah like yeah like came out of the the the fecal matter as well and so
he acted out like charade style him with this chair as the toilet and then him acting out the
entire scene of pulling out and all the facial expressions to come with it and that's when i knew
that i was in a very good fun role-playing group yeah so that's that's mine miss him forever i
have three actually from like three really different i'm fucking sorry joe but if you
can show the fuck yes joe some of us take role-playing seriously and i know you don't
i've looked at joe's notes and it's just he just writes penis over and over again with diagrams
that's true you're really good at drawing all my plots just spent all his time role-playing
just trying to imagine what each character's penis looks like that's my style baby that's
the most excited thing like he's not listening to anything zach says except except for how it
might inform what like the dude's fucking junk looks like it's like describe this squamous tube
monster how confident is how confident is this guy what's his walk look like
i can tell you very confidently confidence has nothing to do with size
um no uh we talked about the scion campaign before i uh really loved my guy who uh killed
saddam hussein and he was a curt he was a curtish rebel he was really fun to play as because he had
a bunch of like weird skills and was like kind of a weird character to be with all those other
i mean in scion everyone's kind of but he had a lot of guns and knives and swords yeah which
was fun in a weird like magical god thing to be like yeah i have a fucking gun though and then uh
from the patreon episode i really loved my guy who had the little tiny teleporting cat
in his pocket yeah agent wolf i actually really liked him and uh more i just liked that he had
a little teleporting cat that lived in his like dress shirt pocket and then in one of my dnd
campaigns where i first got introduced to role-playing i had a weird minotaur blacksmith
character who had a big hammer and one of my other friends was a dragon person or whatever
i don't there's they're called dragon born is it okay he was a dragonborn or wait is that
no it might be i think it's dragonborn it's both right yeah yeah um but he uh our dm let us do a
combo attack where he would heat up my hammer as though i was gonna do some sick ass blacksmith
shit with it and then like bash people away and he also had a bunch of grappling moves so he's
just like hitting people with this huge hammer that's almost like melted while like suplexing
other dnt characters so that's really fun he was very fun character that you had on the same
patreon episode as agent wolf yeah it's one of my favorite characters that we've had on the show
oh thank you i liked him too he was uh he was uh he was psycho he was unfeeling
clark is definitely my favorite character i've ever played but i also really liked
the first time i ever played with you guys i had a character named stacy bloom
and he was a wide-eyed new kid on in law enforcement let alone delta green so i it was i
was able to play my own real reactions to feeling you guys out about how to play this
new game i've never played before i could do it through the guys of this wide-eyed new character
and to give uh listeners an idea of what stacy bloom walked into uh he joined right after the
other players had just run through last things last into the shotgun scenario metamorphosis
so uh last things last is the one we were talking about earlier and then metamorphosis
is a shotgun scenario for delta green and those two pair very very well and then joe came in and
they were all explaining what happened uh in the last session and his eyes were fucking massive
it was quite the world to be thrown into you yeah thomas thomas i would i would agree with
joe that john lee pettymore is probably the favorite my favorite character i've ever played
um but uh that same scion game justin was talking about uh i played a david bowie inspired superhero
named aladdin sane uh who was like a legitimate pop star and uh in the world so i got to like make
up dumb little songs and stuff can you give us a taste it was so fun yeah the one we all the the
one people seem to remember the best one it was yeah we were playing this game at christmas time
so i was talking about like the profits from my from my numerous christmas albums and i brought
up the song christmas time in london town they're like well how does that go and it goes it's
christmas time in london town the skies are gray and the streets are brown the streets are brown
the streets are brown we all just kind of looked at it
that was a really fun campaign and then my very first dnd character was uh an era kokra which is
a bird person oh yeah i named myself harvey birdman and uh my two uh would be my pathfinder
character and the only game of pathfinder i played uh for like two or three sessions before i bailed
because we started making this podcast and i didn't have time for literally anything else
in my life ever again was his name was alexander iman and he was a bard halfling and his name was
alexander iman and if you shortened it his name was alex seaman yeah uh yep i think that got a
yeah from luke like yeah uh-oh it took andy way longer to realize that i mean as soon as i heard
it i was like yeah that's dope yeah the other players and the gm didn't realize until the
third or fourth session uh after which i andy andy's a sweet boy i stole all their gold and
i left to go try to save my sister and ended up giving a virus like a disease to an entire town
down river so uh yeah the other one was uh i really liked the delta green shotgun scenario
burner uh that ross paton wrote uh i played a brolo named brody and uh there was a fun
scene in that one where i got to um uh you know make a bunch of molotov cocktails and bust open
the doors of a saloon while blasting eye of the tiger and i had taken like the grime from the
floor of the bar and like rubbed it underneath my eyes to to become a warrior and then i died
that uh that is still one of the most fun uh sessions i've ever played in and your actions
in it like opened up the insane possibilities of role-playing for me i'd never played delta green
and you were like so confident as like you're we we played all these people who came together when
like shit hits the fan at this strip mall and i think you were just like the teenager who worked
at a cell phone store right yeah and you were just like really confidently like playing with
the world and what you were allowed to do and i was like oh that's dope thank you i hated a
bathroom and posted on reddit a bunch at the beginning yeah you like it was like what's zach
doing and he's like yeah i'm just on my phone in the bathroom but then you were also like you had
snuck into the bar and you made the molotovs without us like really knowing i was just passing
sam notes and he was having me do like secret checks and then like he basically passed me a
note that was like all right narrate your cool scene of you like coming out of the bar with all
your molotovs and um yeah molotovs didn't help uh the shotgun that i didn't have ammo for didn't
help it was the fact that we all got real shit face didn't help yeah and there were like seven
players at the table and two people were sharing one player yeah that was wild that was wild god
bless sam all right uh very very much so yeah uh anyone else have any players i think that's it
all right cool uh so they actually had another question snuggles mcsquig asked are there any
other systems anyone is interested in trying something like never going home which is a world
war one kathulu rpg with beautiful art well i've never heard of it until now but yeah that sounds
dope as i've said before love to get more into dungeon world and really learn that system a
little bit better i have the book the book is also very cool and fun to read i've been really wanting
to get into uh like super stripped down rpg stuff uh sam actually ran us that weird like homebrew
thing where it was like the most stripped down ever i'd like to go like a couple steps above
that where it's like yeah there's a thing called uh risus or r-i-s-u-s it's free on the internet
uh people said it's a really good introductory way to do role-playing stuff uh just in case
anyone else was looking for that like i was a couple days ago is this the anything rpg
oh risus is latin for laughter it's uh i think it's just like a very like bare bones like you
can kind of apply it to whatever stuff you want it to be which sounds really interesting to me
i kind of like that like zach said i kind of what can i do that like i want to do like cooperative
storytelling more than like gameplay functionality it's like we can play a video game together if we
really want to get down into that stuff but i'd rather have like the just a a loose set of rules
to guide a story it's kind of what i like there's a lot of like single page rpgs that i'd love to
play i'll do whatever zach runs same yeah i've always really wanted to play like a long-term
sci-fi campaign uh same like the star wars one or something no no i really wouldn't want it to be
like in a star wars world just i got you bigs but like yeah having fun in a space opera setting
would be dope this is one that i would be interested in if zach would run it no stop
sharing screenshots and it ruined ugo rpg does what exists anybody has a ugo rpg
boy howdy i've been wanting to play in a deadlands it's the weird west one it sounds like it'd be
super cool super cool dope did you guys uh did you guys listen to dad lands i did adventure time
live episode oh yeah i did yeah it's super funny wait oh gotcha yes that was really adventure zone
none of them yeah so i got super confused oh in adventure time rpg would be fun as fuck i bet
there is one oh i'm a big star trek nerd i'd love to play the star trek role-playing game
apparently it's super cool because you have like your character but also you have like ship traits
that when you're on the ship like you have maneuver it and stuff it looks super cool that's
exactly the kind of thing i want to play where we're like the crew of a spaceship going yeah
different like well instead of that uh what we are probably gonna play soon is someone made a
play set for fiasco based on tiger king
i just sent a message uh there is an adventure time uh tabletop rpg and this is the entire set
of rules and everything so that'd be fun very fun uh we've got another question here from dazed
underscore wanderer asks one what the fuck zach spelled my name wrong so
what the fuck dazed underscore wanderer back at you number two uh was everything
in the storage lockers k-cells hmm
hmm
interesting uh so next week or basically here's what i'm thinking is uh i would like to do another
q a that is a plot q a where we can talk about like things that the characters have learned
and connecting some of those dots together let's give the people what they want more q a's
so i think now is a really good time to uh get the plot like ironed out and have you guys ready
to um head into the next arc of this story uh so we will answer that question on that episode
number three how's ropo they still on that grind to lose weight they are i feed them less than
you're supposed to you're the correct amount for a diet and then they they chase each other around
uh so i'm hoping that's what does it any fitness tips from you guys yeah get ropo hitting the
weights get ropo fucking jack you should start chasing both of them for their food chasing them
yeah you should you should chase them to really get them motivated and you should have taylor
film it and send it to me privately my my personal what do you want me to wear my personal
fitness tip for the uh for the coronavirus apocalypse to everyone out there is to uh get
your yoga mats out of the closet and put them in the living room but then never fucking do shit
with them mine are in the living room but i've been working out almost every day i've been
working out a couple times a day because i'm drinking a lot of beer a couple times a day
yeah nice i've been going on runs i run a small in cave and back yeah nice i've lost uh 15 pounds
in the last uh 24 days thank you that's awesome how much of that was from the haircut
12 our beloved chuckling boy asks if the next campaign you played could not be in the kathulu
family of game systems rude dg csc pulp trail etc what would it be and why is it red markets
i don't know what red markets is but let's do that one yeah red markets is apparently
chuckling boy it's good enough for me i've heard only great things and i know ross paton
is really into it which would make sense because it's written by caleb stokes who lives around here
and is on rpr rppr a fair amount and wrote a really he also wrote a really dope campaign
called god's teeth that he ran on rppr that is being published currently are being worked on
to be published by delta green currently and yeah red markets is basically a survival game
where you are in a zombied world but then your supplies run low and you have to go out on
missions and like the more intense the mission is the better like rewards are available on that you
know and basically you're trying to survive and make a world for yourself so the description is
really interesting online uh red markets a game of economic horror yes uh and red markets characters
risk their lives trading between the massive quarantine zones containing a zombie outbreak
in the remains of civilization that sounds markets uses the traditional uh zombie genre
to tell its story about surviving on the wrong end of the economy weird sounds that sounds really
interesting that sounds close yeah that sounds dope thanks for the tip chuckling boy i hit up
caleb on twitter and asked if he would run god's teeth for us when it and he said when it's
published he will so that's fucking sick uh maybe he'll ride run some red markets for us before then
seeing as how he's the dude who wrote it i've seen him stream shit i bet he can do it remotely
that'd be cool uh he also asked uh chuckling boy asked what is a question that you were surprised
no one has asked i can answer this literally anything about the campaign i don't know why
people don't ask questions about the story stuff it always surprises me it feels like
the people on the subreddit have a much stronger grasp of the campaign than us so
yeah they they don't need any questions yeah they know what's going on i don't understand why you
guys don't can we do a q a where we get the cues you guys ask the questions and then the chat
answers them yeah there you go so sad uh should the should the air uh light be on on my focus
right yeah uh i think joe got you to turn it on before we started he totally pranked you because
now you sound like you've been sucking in helium the entire time oh no great break though uh we
got another question here from gwen egr and they ask how do you like to transition between
campaigns do you prefer to build off an old thread or create something brand new create something
brand new every time i think that especially in delta green most of the games i think all the
campaigns that we've played in end with at least some sort of impact that would leave the globe
reeling and therefore if we were to start another campaign in that same world the impact of the
previous campaign would be evident and therefore i prefer to have a clean slate yeah in the uh
in the two previous like mega campaigns we've done with you uh we did not
save things you put it off you put it off for a long time we tried
we did our best that's all anyone could have expected from us i think we mostly go insane
or die and and then the world ends yeah whose character like got killed and then came back
alive and killed over and over again that was thomas's professor character was trapped in a room
it wasn't that you died though right it was that you had to watch your wife die over and over again
wasn't that the thing yeah he had to watch a film of him performing a spell on his wife who had
cancer trying to cure her and fucking up the spell and killing her and he had to
watch that on repeat infinitely super fun do you remember her name
times elizabeth uh yeah i believe uh the great old lord cthulhu came on up out of the ocean
at the end of that campaign and stared joe's character right in the eyes we blinked at each
other it's cute it's a meet cute
oh you come to this beach too cthulhu dropped something on the beach and you guys bonk heads
for talking you talk funny bud
but i think you're so cute
uh we got another question this is uh oh man ain't on a no-no you've really truly
outdone yourself here if you were stranded on a dessert island what kind of sentient
confectionary treats would you hunt for survival gummy bears oh that'd be a truly horrifying one
they're full they're full-sized like they're bear-sized
yep uh yeah joe took the good animal and i would hunt whatever was brownies
so
and you know if they if they happen to like get like warm by being chased then maybe
chase them around like directly toward the vanilla ice cream fountain or something like
god stop zach and uh and then that's all that's all i need for a perfect dessert uh you know if
you want to drop a double shot of espresso on top of that be it since you're not um stop it
i forgot to have one uh whatever weird critter i want like a turtle made out of chocolate chip
cookies but his body is like a hershey's chocolate turtle body but his shell is a big chocolate chip
cookie yeah i get you cut him i can like split him right down the half in front of his turtle
family crack him open that yeah that's a good answer i want to hunt down uh a moose that is
darker than dark and squeamish like oil and it writhes about in the air and i just like moose
i like moose and pudding a lot i could do something like that uh would be good for me on
an island you're a little pudding boy oh dude when the sun's out i've got to have my pudding
i haven't had a a dessert pizza in like a decade yeah the godfather's m&m pizza is like the
godfather's m&m pizza was so good i want one right now herman cain baby oh i forgot herman
started oh yeah was he the cigarette smoking ad um he was he was the stare and smile uh the stare
and smile he might have also been the cigarette ad i don't remember oh what a character i want
andy's that's andy's uh custard that's my answer just but what animal would it be would you have
brutally kill while you i would be i would be stranded there with andy and
i would force him to make me custard
actually you guys have seen you guys have been to andy's you have to watch the the custard
come the chocolate comes out it looks like and um and that's the joke yeah i get a brownie
that's a fresh idea i get a stolen brownie pecan concrete every time oh no i got an idea you have
to suck the custard out of zach's weird chocolate moose moose out of his bunghole i was thinking
like oh teats no it's out of its butt because we said it looked like poop wow now we agreed to it
all right uh i don't like this island so holy shit a pigeon well yeah fantastic name asks which
player character has the nicest butt i think it's john lee pettymore i think i think canonically it
is i think that in one of the early episodes you said that he has a magnificent ass he's got a
tight ass he wears he wears two tight jeans yeah yeah in a good way to people like it
holy shit a pigeon also asks who would you pick to play your characters and npc's if pt bp
was a live action movie or show we are going to take our time with that question on the next
episode how about that uh it was all a snow globe asks how much of the story right yeah that's fun
uh how much the story writing process is influenced by slash influences the song you've
chosen for the intros do you typically find that music influences you're writing a lot
yes it absolutely does i remember specifically writing the plot for the silver spheres when
i realized that john lee pettymore was the only one who had picked it up and then he put it in
his pocket and i said okay well those balls have to do something weird and then i was like okay
well why is john lee pettymore allowed to touch it if no one else is and no backbone was a part
of that like when i was coming up with like the idea for that i was like oh shit this is this is
perfect uh so literally that song made thomas's character's entire arc essentially nice super
cool the theme song's about me guys uh and then when i was picking out the other songs
yeah i find the lyrics like extremely important especially like uh moon dance i knew i knew what
i was looking for plot wise uh for that arc before i got the song picked out but uh when
that song happened when i came across it i was like oh yes of course this is absolutely perfect
and then the next one this most recent one where we had dream girl uh that actually influenced the
plot as well once i decided on that one uh that actually probably helped change joe's entire plot
uh for that the line uh i swear i knew you before this yep yeah and then she says uh corner room
and it was right so the room has no corners which is an allusion to a circle the hounds of tenderloose
which is some nerd shit and a circle um okay moving on uh so a lot a lot and always and it
always matters so uh ain't on a no-no once again how much filth could have wolf ah fuck i fucked
it up how much felt could a wolf wolf down if a wolf could wolf down filth well done
uh justin why are you asking me and moving on we've got
a question
lord dairy is wrong with you guys uh d-a-r-r-y lord dairy asks is jeremy pettymore still alive
no right like no like no no like no he dead john lee pettymore shot him in the head
yeah i answered uh one of my favorite moments from this podcast that ending to that was so
fucking well done i had not planned that in any way and when thomas and i were role playing it it
just fucking happened and i was on the edge of my seat with what he was going to do next and with
what happened i was just so fucking so that's one of those moments in role playing where you just
it's three eighths of a sneeze three eighths of a sneeze three sneezes
three eighths of a sneeze is so much less
guys sneezing is so much better than role playing i swear uh so at ripsaw underscore unicorn applied
with uh pet pics and a question uh those pets were very adorable and they ask a question that
i cannot answer what anime tropes do y'all feel each player character would fall into you know
how in some anime in some animes uh like they're in a fight and they keep revealing more and more
powers and they're like getting stronger and stronger keith would be like the opposite of
that where he just keeps doing stupider and stupider and stupider so keith keith would be
like the anime character who just like is constantly eating all the time and that's
their only like yeah that's the brad pitt anime john lee pettymore is not an anime trope is is
the best way i can put it everybody who's he's just not serious enough as a person
in the way that everyone in fucking anime is about every little fucking thing they do
whoa wow such harsh language it's just uh it's just a little theatrical for me
that's weird plus like plus i can't uh yeah i don't know i love theater clark bishops would
be having huge titties yeah clark bishop yeah got them anime titties dig it
i i don't watch like any anime so i will defer to you guys on what my trope would be i don't
know what anime tropes there are i feel like a lot of our characters don't obey a lot of traditional
anime tropes generally it's tonally so not that john lee pettymore i feel like is like the badass
character that a lot of animes have yeah but that that badass character is always like has
this dark past that they're like trying to atone for or like get revenge for or something yeah
and john lee pettymore is just here to fucking ride wild yeah pretty much he just wants to now
that he has five million dollars yeah he's just a dude running around in his dad's body
that'll animate i am my dad like john lee pettymore looks down he's looking at a dick
that's fucked his mom that's cool wow nice holy shit clark has the like dead parents anime trope
oh that is true yeah you're the protagonist of every anime he's also the protagonist in this
he's also the protagonist of the story
okay that's my that's if that's true then why do i have the theme song the theme song is about
thomas but the story is about joe and luke is uh keith is there there scraping by you're all
very important i hope you know that uh so we've got another one here from at stories colossal
says if you guys were playing with bonds in the main timeline bonds is a mechanic in delta green
where uh you lose and gain a good relationship with three or four different people two to four
different people in your life and you can like basically your sanity uh is affected
or affects those relationships so who would they be for each of the pcs uh we started to
touch on it i think in one episode and we i decided that clark is a real sad lonely guy
so his bonds would be like the checkout guy at the grocery store who is in a dream of yours yep
and uh probably maggie if if that was a thing that you could do have a bond with somebody who
isn't in the story much totally like that would be definitely one of his bonds when we were thinking
about maybe even having pawns i think as a mechanic i think john lee pettymore was going
to use just the extended pettymore family as a bond and then like as as he called on them to do
different things obviously that relationship would get strained as more of them were like taken by
supernatural horrors but but thinking about it now john lee pettymore definitely has like an
ex-girlfriend who got tired of his shit but still cares for him that like if shit really went down
he could be like shit like fuck and call her but she definitely doesn't want to be a part of his
life on a day-to-day basis anymore oh for keith uh he's never dated anybody he killed his brother
doesn't have much family to speak of so his one and only bond would be no spoilers
i mean if they're listening to this they just listen to everything else i'm kidding
uh so it would be bean my dog uh which leads us into the last question which is a very good
question and it was brought up on the discord uh pretty recently and crush posted in the uh
in the question thread what happened to keith's dog and then uh bx borei 9181 who is currently
doing a re-listen while taking notes and posting the notes in the subreddit which is dope uh very
cool and fun to fun to watch uh i think she might have even been the one who posted it in the
discord but anyway uh she said also if keith was in the city before coming home to contention
how did he miss all those dirty dog grooming locations especially since he had a dog um okay
so what happened to keith's dog he is happily at at home in the motel hotel motel i'm sure
it's only been a couple days he can fend for himself it's been five days yep yeah what if
what if like uh maybe he was running around in the creek bed having fun with all the other dogs
okay so guys he probably tore into that dead in a hotel room no he torn in my big bag of dog food
and then chewed his way out of the hotel room and is swimming with the fishes
and his and his stomach burst because of all the food he ate and now he's dead
no he's alive i would hope we haven't been to contention in a while so i've got to check on
him he should call him come here bean what do you guys think about playing animals in contention
for like uh one hour one shot you guys play animals in contention who have to save bean from
the room that he's locked in in hotel motel the stakes are simply too high uh
the emotional devastation if we didn't like yeah if we didn't save beans and also it's not one hour
it's an entire campaign also we're starting it now and it's as long as the quarantine is
and if you go to sleep i'll come over to your house and kill you
what uh yeah you know you gotta keep playing continually yeah you can never stop oh no
never stop never stopping bro uh so i will come up with a like uh you said you will come
and i only speak the truth uh right and you guys will play different animals who are in contention
and we'll uh we'll see what happened to old bean okay cool i'm warning you now if it's not
if it's not him if it's not alive yeah we will come kill zach yeah six feet
we can shoot you yeah we can kill you from six feet away oh god i don't like that
well yeah you know you best not fuck with the dog now you know where you fucking stand
okay lower than an imaginary dog the mechanics of this game are pretty simple
uh if i ask you to roll you succeed good that's right to answer this question though uh
keith is fucking stupid and he just gave his dog baths in his in his own house yeah i like to think
that keith is such a good dog owner that he didn't need a grooming place my dog is grooms
himself and he proved in the story how good of a dog owner he was yeah i mean i didn't know i was
gonna get shipped off to the city okay so far ahead uh this has been the q and a uh episode
number 73 for pretending to be people here on the main feed and have we really only done 73 q and a
episodes it feels like uh we are going to do another uh plot uh conversation next week and
it will finish you said conversation because you didn't want to say q and a again
we're gonna be having a uh ptvp round table no we're doing another q and a fuck you guys
uh however until then um we hope that you all stay safe stay inside watch your hands if you're
one of the people who are out there on the front lines fighting this thing good luck to you thank
you so much for doing that for us we all really appreciate it and in return we're all gonna stay
the fuck home yeah yep yep big doinks and amish big doings and amish rest in peace young king dave
rip thanks for listening folks yeah thanks guys uh next week we're gonna have some more around
today's name like that and then uh and then this story will pick back up contention campaign not
done i think i mentioned that there are three arcs left that is still true so tell all your friends
to listen they got plenty of time to catch up no fucking joke and uh they deserve us yeah also
i think it's really important right now to keep up with your podcasts i think it's going to be
really miserable and annoying in a few months when you're going through backlogs of podcasts
and everybody's talking about coronavirus good night everybody we we already stopped to record
i mean oh can i hit that should we yeah should we hit everyone everyone hits
me
try to
do
you
