What's everybody do?
Keep going. Oh boy. My name is Zach and this is pretending to be people
We are a role-playing podcast and we are playing the game Delta green, but it's not really Delta green
It's an amalgamation that we have come up with that is a mixture of the role-playing systems Delta green and pulp
Cthulhu with all that nerdy shit out of the way for the rest of you listening
This is a collaborative storytelling experience that you will be listening to over the coming weeks
I am here with Joe. Hey, I'm Joe Luke. I'm Luke and Thomas
I'm Thomas having heard many stories from other DMS GM's out there. I
consider myself to be
Extremely lucky with the group that I have been blessed with as a player same same same
We have been playing together for three years now. This is our third campaign
We ran two ten-month-long Delta green campaigns where we played weekly and we've kept the exact same group ever since I
Am fully in love with this game Thomas. What's your experience with role-playing?
I started with D&D like a lot of people and
Wanted something a little more story based and less mechanics driven
I didn't like sitting around for 30 minutes while the wizard took his turn. So Delta green was perfect for that
It's all about character interaction and like solving this mystery together and combats are very like combat is very simple quick and rare and rare
Yeah, and violently, you know, you're shooting guns at each other. It ends it gets over with quickly
Like you said we've been playing together for the past few years. That's been the highlight of my week that whole time
I'm Luke my role-playing experience in high school. I played Dungeons Dragons twice the group that I played with
Didn't take it very seriously and our DM took it very seriously
So we were not invited back to play
and then after that the next time I played was Delta green with Zach and Thomas and a couple other people and yeah, I
Loved it. I've pretty much constantly been playing it since I
Started playing with this group Thomas actually texted me kind of out of the blue one day about wanting to do
D&D game with some mutual friends of ours and I I think unbeknownst to him
I had already been kind of wanting that I had been listening to podcasts and watching shows on Twitch and things like that
So we did it
It was it was awesome to have that all of a sudden pop up that group didn't last for very long
But pretty quickly after that dissolved Thomas again asked if I wanted to join you guys and I said fuck
Yeah, and you guys seem to like me so I stuck around we were big fans. You brought an element of
seriousness to our table
Much needed that had not existed there before I remember the
Very first time that you role-played with us you were playing Taylor my wife's partner
Yeah, you gave me a couple options for characters and I picked the FBI agent. Yeah, I'd seen X-Files
And then we had one of our best sessions to date right then and there it was amazing
I don't he brought the energy for sure. I'd never met Joe before I played with him now. I see him every week
Hey, baby
I hope that you guys become our best friends the way that I have become best friends with my role-playing group
As we wiggle our way into your ear holes each week, please also invite us into your hearts and to your parties
Yeah, invite us to your parties by a spear. We really like drinking drinking
Marijuana. Yep, if you're offering are you offering are you offering? Hey internet listener?
Are you holding PO box? I think it's worth mentioning that Zach created all of this stuff. We don't know anything that's happening
We try to not talk about it too much outside of the game
We really want to be surprised by each other and by Zach
Yeah, and actually one of my favorite things about this group is as we've come to play together for longer periods of time
We've kind of talked and you guys have given me full reign to fuck over your characters
Which is a very fun thing to give your DM the right to do and I try to take full advantage of that
There are a couple parts per episode where I will have written the description of a character or the description of a place
But outside of that everything is improv. It is also a closed game. Oh, that's a really good point Luke
So we play a closed game
so anytime one of these characters goes off on their own the player also sits in the room with
Just me and we go through what happens that way the players can keep secrets from each other
It's like secrets and lies the name of the game that continues outside the podcast, too
We try not to talk to each other about what's going on in the game too much
It's
Kind of scary. It's kind of violent. Oh, yeah, this is a horror mystery. Yeah, this is a horror mystery graphic content warning
You may see there is an explicit tag on all of our episodes
This isn't just because we use the fuck word
It's also because a lot of the descriptions within the story are going to be gruesome and brutal with
Hopefully a lot of comedy and come for the heart stay for the gore come on the heart stick it to the door
Come on the door come on the heart to in the stink it gets a lot worse than just shooting people
Yeah, it can be pretty icky icky, but don't worry. We bring enough warmth and humanity and humor and humor hopefully humor
We hope you think it's funny
So we got together and we created a small town together that this story would take place in
Contention contention is the name of this fictional town in this fictional universe that is based
Loosely on our own world people could easily relate this to x-files or
Season 1 of true detective pretty much anything that has a creepy supernatural
Ambiance to it, but we're also going to try like to keep it funny
Like that case in point with awesome Twilight jokes just fucking constantly we're on the bleeding edge of cultural relevance
We recorded this in
2011
Basically what we've done is we've set up a
Story in which these three guys are playing police officers of this small town of contention
We did this for a couple reasons
It's an easy way to get them involved in a mystery within their small town and have the power and the free time
To look into said mystery very excited to have our friend Justin involved in this podcast
He will be the first voice that you hear as Justin is playing wolf the dog the a.m
radio DJ in the town of contention who will be our narrator and
Introduce each episode. He is also responsible for creating the original music that you will hear backing this
Podcast Justin did all of our music except for the intro except for the intro which was done by kudzu a band from our
Hometown of Springfield, Missouri kudzu. You look them up on bandcamp. Thank you kudzu. Thank you kudzu
We also record it in the nude. You should know that
Hot room hot room sweaty. That's why we take our covered in molasses for sustenance
But we have a very very specific rule. You're not allowed to eat your own molasses. No only only your friends molasses
Yeah, we eat molasses. So thanks everyone for downloading and listening to our first episode of pretending to be people
We hope that you continue to listen now
Let's get that a.m. Dial in position to six nine four point two and hand it over to wolf the dog
What's up, my babies? It's wolf the dog coming at you from six nine four point two PT BP contentions newest and
Only
Radio station some of you surrounding listeners might not know contention like we all do here
But it's a small quiet town about an hour west of the city
Now the date on this here calendar says it's December 1st. And let me tell you it's a warm one out there
Dogs are barking going crazy and I've been seeing a lot of homeless folks lately
But you know be kind to those throw a little change the way for your buddy wolf the dog
And I want all you listeners out there to wish police chief Maggie cook a very very happy
Birthday, and now we're gonna throw a wild one at you today. It is kudzu with no backbone
Oh
Oh
You heard it here first folks Jim Belushi not a good actor yeah hot takes so let's go ahead and talk
Characters before we begin here Joe you are playing I'm playing Clark Bishop
He's a 17 year vet
It hasn't risen up the ranks kind of cuz there's not a whole lot of rank upping to go
But he's a little bit sad about the fact that he's still where he is in life
But he also takes a lot of pride in his job and he's okay at it Luke what character you playing
I'm playing Keith Vigna. I am a 29 year old police officer. I
grew up in contention and then I had a big aspirations moved to the city where I
Became a police officer was not that great at it and they kind of transferred me back to the town
Just to get rid of me bad cop. I'm not a bad cop. I'm just a
bad cop
So, yeah, I'm bad I'm bad at copping but I'm a I'm not a bad guy you're also kind of freshy too
I'm not yeah, so I probably been on the forest under a year for sure new kid in town
I'm Keith Vigna the new kid in town, but I'm from town, but I act like I'm from the city
I'm a big shot big for your britches big. I'm too my britches are big and that's that's Keith
You got big pants huge pants, they are you a small man everywhere small man huge there's and a belt
That's a lot of that's a lot to hold it hold a narrow those are
That's how big my pants are. Yeah, and how small your waist is at the same time or I think I'm an average-sized person
That's just gives it shows you how huge these pants
Oh
Those are big pants. Yeah, I think like think whatever you want
Can you not afford nicer pants wouldn't I mean if you're big for your britches wouldn't your pants be very small. I
Think yeah, that's what I'm saying. I'm too small. Hey
small for those britches
Hey, man, you should get some self-esteem
You really need to not be so down on yourself fucking fill out your britches, you know, Keith
I'm Keith fucking vigna and I can wear whatever size pants. I want Wow see and that's true confidence
Oh, man, somebody needs to tell Keith those pants stuff
Is he wearing two belts?
two belts three pairs of suspenders and
They're super glued to my body
Thomas what character are you playing and what kind of pants does he wear?
I'm playing John Lee Pettymore. He is from contention. He's a local boy. He wears pants that are a little too tight. Okay
Probably how tight is a little too tight just enough noticeable. Mm-hmm bummer. Yeah
Not for the ladies of contention. Hey, oh some of his extended relatives are kind of nerdy Wells
He might not always see the rules as unbendable
He knows how they do things in contention more importantly in the haulers outside of contention
What do you guys what are you guys wanting to do with this thing? Have fun. You want to have some fun?
I want to have some fun has a phone. I don't want to get a little spooked. I want to get a little spooky
Yeah, I think hopefully it's gonna get spooky. I'm only interested in total iTunes chart domination. I
Want to be so spooked that my huge britches are plenty wet
Some big ol wet britches, I want to fill my coaches you got so much extra fabric
I can have a big ol load
Take a big old dump in my pants if I need to and nobody will know nobody I think of don't know
Oh, well, everybody will know but nobody will tell me pass an alertness check
These britches are ready to go. I'm ready to just jump on ready to jump on in. All right
Well, our story does begin on an unseasonably warm December 1st in a small town called contention
Thin mist can be seen under the street lights on an empty country road
the inside of the contention police department
However is cozy warm and bright a smiling man sits behind a large secretary desk littered with papers and snack wrappers
He has a round baby face and small teeth and he is wearing a sweater vest over a shirt and tie
This man's phone rings this guy by the way, he's the secretary in the office. He's like the office or his gums big or
Small that was an interesting detail. He's got small teeth, but he's got gums that stick out
I kind of picture him as like like small teeth, but very very healthy gums. Oh, those are some real
You can absolutely see a half to three-quarters of an inch of gum in between teeth on top lip
Yes, it's almost as if his top lip is receding. It's to come into the gum. It's a common occurrence exactly
Yeah, he's wearing a sweater vest over a shirt and tie and his phone rings
Which happens often in the office? We cannot be vaping on mic all the time
We're gonna sound like assholes. Yes. I was trying to get out of the range, but you weren't gonna work
Yeah, sorry. Tell me if this works. I
Can't tell how much of that it was ambient now, I don't think it was in the headphones
This will be an edited podcast but not so tightly edited
the juice
Refrain from just going overboard quick technical question. Yeah, do you have each of our mics on a different channel?
I do have all your mics
Absolutely
Every time I vape I'm just gonna do this and then I turn my mic off
He's in the middle of a sudden not only can I but I will do that
Also Luke your your food is at the door. Oh, hell yeah go do that
Check this out. He was like, yeah, what are you guys doing today?
I'm like, oh, yeah, we're just playing some Dungeons & Dragons and he goes, oh, that's cool
Have you ever heard of Delta Green?
Shit you not I'm like, that's actually what we're playing and he's like no way it I'm like, yeah
We're recording the podcast. I didn't tell him that but I you didn't you didn't sell
First fan
Right at the door. Like I he said he said that and I was just like are you no one has ever heard of this game?
What do you look like he just kidding we know what he looks like
Imagine if I had your beard, uh-huh. There you go. Yeah, you guys should have a baby
I think we could make a good I think I need to grow a beard real quick cuz I'm the odd man out here
It's true. Get it going. Okay. Oh
It worked how's it look it's great Burleigh
Okay
So this guy his phone rings and he picks it up like before the first ring is finished the big the big gum guy
Yeah, the big gum small teeth fella. I apologize for the noise. It's about to happen shit. You want to eat your sandwich?
Yeah, we're gonna stop we're gonna stop and let you eat. Okay
Okay, so
So
His phone rings and he picks it up before the first ring is finished drew Andrews
Oh, I mean a contingent PD. What is what is your emergency? Oh
My god. Oh, that is insane. Yeah. Yes, of course and he looks at all of you
This is definitely an emergency this time the dogs over in the old neighborhood have been howling for over an hour straight
Do we need to send out multiple of you or just do you think everything's gonna just send ray? Oh, okay
Okay, I'll get him on the phone. The day is closing up and it's probably around 5 p.m
and drew Andrews this man with the gums and the
Small teeth comes out from the back room and he's got a little cupcake
and it's got one candle in it and the candles lit and he goes over and knocks on the door of the chief of police of
contention chief
Chief we got his fries for you. She comes on out. It's a small little birthday celebration for the chief Maggie cook
She's a strong fit woman with a dark bob and intense eyes
Always in uniform this woman you've never seen her not wearing her uniform
He pulls out this little gift that's wrapped and she opens it and it is a new journal
And you guys would know that she always has a blue journal with her like a notebook everywhere
She goes and it's the specific brand that she likes. And so this one is yellow
Oh, so now you have one of each color, isn't that it's neat. Thank you so much drew
I really appreciate you doing that for me
This is really this is really sweet kind of looks around the office at you guys Clark goes ahead and gets in his desk
Kind of rummages for a second. He pulls out a little box of chocolates with a bow on it. Happy birthday, Maggie
I should have seen this coming Clark. Yep. I know you like them. So I thought I'd do it do it again this year
They're my favorite and she she opens the box immediately and pops one in her mouth. Mmm. Happy birthday to me
Can I can I have one? Oh, yeah. Yeah, of course Clark. I grab one without asking I
Go into my desk and I pull out like two-thirds of a bottle of cheap bourbon. Hey, here you go Maggie
Happy birthday chief. She looks at it and she's kind of like oh, yeah
This will go. No, it's not your brand. This will go nicely
With the the three-quarters of a bottle that I have sitting on my bar cart from last year
Yeah, well, you know, happy birthday, thank you very much John
I appreciate that and then you all kind of look over at Keith who and I'm I'm
Sweating because I had no idea that it was her birthday
This is my I've been here for like like a couple months maybe when you are sweating
She looks and there is a box that's sitting in the room. That's this white box with a black bow on it Oh Keith
You wrap this present beautifully I thank you so much I had no idea that you would have even known it was my birthday
Yeah, I I don't pride myself on giving the best gifts, but I do pride myself on
Wrapping wrapping the best. She grabs it and she starts opening the bow and she opens the top of it. Oh, oh
Oh my god, and she immediately walks back into her office and closes the door behind her
What what did you get her Keith I didn't that was not mine I didn't even know it was her birthday you fucked up who
Was that one of your guys's boxes or drew was that yours?
I go look go over to the bat box and see if there's a tag or anything
So she took the box in with her into the drew the office drew. Did you do you know where that box came from?
No, I didn't see anything come in. That's really strange. It just it was just here
I guess and it was probably right it might have been right and right about at that moment
The chief comes walking out of her office and she is completely broken down
Tears have clearly been streaming down her face. Her face is red. You've never seen her in this emotional state before Keith
What the hell did you get her was not mine. She
Immediately walks from her door out of the office
Chief
Doesn't even pay attention takes off and it's gone. Did she have the box in her hands? No, I
Feel really bad. I'm gonna go into her office and see what was in that box. Yeah, you messed up this gift, buddy
So when you walk into her office, it's neat. It's like a super
office
What a cool place. This is great. She keeps saying I want to be
Very organized and you look inside this white box and there's no like wrapping or anything
Inside of it. There's no paper or anything. I need a tag or anything on it. There's no tag on it
There's just three items inside the box. It is a flower. It's a rose. It's a single rose
There's a hard hat just like a straight-up normal white hard hat and a black silk bowtie. I want to plop that
Hard hat on my head see if it fits it fits cool. I'm gonna put it back on the box
Role-playing
I'm gonna I'll go back out into the main room and tell them what I saw I come back out
I I had the box in my hand
I'm like does any of this mean anything to you and I asked the DM does any of that mean anything to me?
I don't I don't think any of these things would particularly stick out to you as having any
Intrinsical meaning that's a weird collection of things there
The phone rings as you guys are talking and drew picks up in his same like nervous hurried voice again
He's just like drew a contention PD working at me and he's talking in the background as you guys are talking
I wonder what's up with those dogs. I go into the
Her office and look in the box and I pick up the tie and I want to see if there's any like is it monogrammed
In any way, is there anything on the tag any any sign of any no ownership? Nope
Okay, just a very plain black silk bowtie. It's untied drew is on the phone
He hangs up and he looks at you guys and he's like
Um fellas
Somebody found a body out at the junkyard
I
Think this is an actual emergency you guys I
Don't I don't know they hung up immediately
she it was a woman's voice and she said that there was a body at the junkyard and that we needed to come out and
And look at it immediately and she was she's kind of slurring her words
Did you get her name? She just said Julie and then stopped immediately
Talking after that and just hung up
I don't know what happened, but there was like a I heard something kind of not break
But I heard something kind of there was a noise and then she like screamed a little bit after she said her name
And and then and then she hung up immediately and you said this out at the junkyard. Yeah
Go check it out. Okay, so you guys all have
Individual police cars that you can take. Yeah, I can ride together. I think we should all take our own cars
Just in case I'm with you
I take a pull of my bourbon off the Chiefs desk before I go out. Yeah any complaints from the other two officers?
I don't think they see that
You do it sneaky. I don't know petty more well enough to reprimand him
So I just kind of turn a blind eye to that and okay
So the three you'd go ahead and grab that pull off the bottle before you head out and the three of you are going out
It's a dark night. I'd say it's pretty nice
It actually feels more like fall than it does winter at this point in December 1st
But there's like a light mist coming down. So I would say it's real dark out
You got the streetlights guiding your way the junkyard sits on the far
Southeast corner of town and it's where the old mine was
This is an old mining town back in the
1800s and the junkyard is out on top of where the the old mine was throwing junk down the shaft
That's I mean honestly just filling it up
Oh, yeah
Yeah
and so you guys are gonna drive from downtown out on a few country roads to get out there and
So supposed to be anyone
Throwing the junk down the shaft
That's actually their the motto of the junkyard. It says that on the sign
Shaft shaft rowers piston junkyard shaft throwers. We can do better
Let's return to that
So you guys are driving out there it's night as you're going out there
There is a car coming from the other direction that is flying going
Maybe double the speed limit. It's probably 45 out here and this car is going 80 90 miles an hour
What is our order Clark's Clark's very first? Okay
Well, I'll be second because you were busy taking a pull your bourbon before you hopped in the car. So it takes so long
Yeah, drink. Yeah. Yeah, you've savors it
Swash it around
Jim this was a $13
Dollar
B-mate is that the good stuff for John Lee anymore? Appreciate every sit tin high
What's out there but $13 $13, okay
So the three of you are driving down this road in this car flies by you as anyone pulling off
Are you gonna get on the radio and say who's gonna take care of that? Yeah, I'll get that. Okay
I want to see a dead body
Go get him kid, so Keith Vigna and
Clark Bishop
Continue on to the junkyard and John Lee Pettymore
Turns his car around and I immediately if the lights weren't on I assume that they are on now and you're in chase mode
So go ahead and roll me a drive check
Thomas to see if John Lee Pettymore can catch up and successfully pull over this car
All right, John Lee Pettymore. What's your drive in his younger? He's got a pretty good drive 70
Oh nice, he used to drive World of Outlaw sprint cars. Hell yes plays a lot of Forza Oh
20 nice nice. So you just flip it around and immediately are on the tail of this car. It looks pretty cool
It does the car is slightly swerving and also still going probably 80 miles an hour
But she is about to hit more into the town and less of a country road
You're gonna go ahead and want to pull her over as soon as possible. I do that nice
So go ahead and roll luck for me. Yeah, what did I put those dice with?
Let's keep those dice at least those percent. We're playing percentage dies. Oh
Not only okay 55 on a 50. So this is a great way to describe how this game works
So he had a 70% and drive drive being the skill and he rolled a 20 which is a success
So you want to roll underneath your score if he rolled a 22 with the tens dice matching
That would be a critical success
And then if you roll above your skill, which just happened which just happened
It's a failure because your luck is 50, right? Yep, and he rolled a 55 which the dice match and it's above
Which means it is a real fail the car in front of you loses control and immediately
Crashes into a telephone pole
Smashes at 80 miles an hour into it. Oh fuck and you with that drive
Can pull over however you want to so are you going alongside in front of behind like how are you pulling up on this?
Her car just smashed into a telephone smashed into a telephone pole
I pull off right in front of it and I run and make sure she's all right, but the driver is all right
Whoo-hoo-hoo as you get there you see that the windshield is
Completely smashed open and there's no one sitting in the driver's seat. Fuck. All right. Okay, I get out my flashlight
Oh, I don't have to I don't have to have an accent when I'm describing my
Pull out my flashlight I get out my flashlight. Yeah, I immediately start searching the area
I'm looking for you know, it's it's very clear. She is like was she thrown
She was thrown clear of the vehicle and she is alive
You can actually hear her like screaming and moaning about 20 yards away
Woof. Yeah. Yikes
I'm glad I had some bourbon. It honestly sounds like an animal dying
I call the county hospital immediately to get an ambulance out here. You can already hear the ambulance. I rush to
These guys are good. They're very good at their job. I rush over to her and see what I can do
Okay, roll medical check of some sort gonna have to be
I've got no medicine skills and I have 10% first aid. Yeah
That's a fail on the first day. Oh, yeah, she looks great
No, I don't see anything wrong here. Why are you crying?
Ma'am stop resisting
Her
Face is split wide open
And she's bleeding profusely and you have absolutely no idea how to stop bleeding of the face sure as hell
Don't cutting to the two of you who went out to the junkyard
You guys pull up and the headlights are shining through an old rusty chain link fence and through the end of the fence
You see at the end of the lights reach of your headlights
The ground is splattered with blood and a lifeless body is crumpled on the moist dirt about 20 yards past the fence
inside this junkyard is
The gate locked to the gate is locked. Is there barbed wire? There is barbed wire
Oh, I was gonna climb over but I got better since than that plus my big bridges if I get caught on the bar
Bet you guys have some cutters
Yeah, well, hey, shut up Thomas. You're not there. Can we can we get a hold of who owns this place?
The Pistons this is the piston junkyard and the NBA team. Yep, the Detroit pistons. Hey Clark
Junkyard and content. What's big boss pistons name? So you would know it's two brothers who run the piston family
Leo and George and they are the piston brothers
I think that Clark Bishop would know these two from back in the day Clark
You got Leo or George's phone number, uh, you can probably get a hold of Leo sure do
Okay, give him a call come have him unlock this
I don't have to cut through if we don't need to but let him know it's a serious situation
Yeah, I'll give him a call the phone rings like six times before there's a click and then you just hear this
Leo hey Leo. Hey. Hey. Hey, it's it's Clark Clark. Hey
We've got a situation up here at your yard Clark who?
Bishop with the contingent PD, you know me Leo
We've got kind of a thing going on up here at your yard
We need to we need you to come down here and let us in in the pig farm. No your junkyard. Oh
Okay. Well, uh
I'm busy
I'm bit Leah, you know, I wouldn't call you if it wasn't important. There's there's something there's uh, there's something real bad might happen
Okay, I'll get my keys and I'll be down in a second. All right. Thanks, man. Okay
So a old truck pulls up
It's like a beat-to-death old truck probably from like the 50s and it seems like it was taken care of for a long time
But hasn't been taken care of recently
Rust is starting to grow on it
He pulls up and a large man in overalls covered in pig shit gets out
You know kind of
waddling I guess is the right word towards you guys and he's got this big circle ring of
Keys that he's already like in the darkness trying to thumb through trying to find the right one
Clark I was busy, but you know, you're you I like to keep you guys
I'll be down here any time that you need. I'm just like to be a good citizen
We know Leo we know we we're not making fun of this guy's mental health are we no
Definitely. This is what he sounds like
This is a character voice that I have chosen for this man
and just because he's not that smart and has a thick accent doesn't mean that he's not a
fully fleshed out
Character and a human being we love and we love and respect
Hey Leo, do you?
Leo when's the last time you were?
Cut it at Thomas's mic when he's not in the room and Leo when's the last time you were here I had to come by to
sweep up
Two weeks ago, you haven't been here for two weeks. It's George was George here today
Nobody comes out of here ain't nobody jumps anything anymore. Is it just you and your brother who have keys to this here?
Yeah, Kathy, who's Kathy? No, it's a George's wife. You know, do you know? Okay. Oh Kathy, of course, of course
We know okay. I call her Katie
All right. Well if you can go ahead and open up this gate, I I don't know if you can't
I don't know if you've noticed this but if you take a peek over there, I think you can see why it's such a serious situation
Oh
Is that it? Yeah
Well, I didn't this wasn't me like I didn't I don't know you are the prime suspect right now
He's so scared like looking in his eyes he is the scariest boy I
Slap him on the shoulder. I said, I'm just kidding. You haven't been here in two weeks
He drops his keys and he's like picks him back up. He's trying to fumble with him and he's like, okay
It's this one and he goes over and he unlocks the gate. Can I go home now? Yeah, okay
Did he leave the could you leave that key here for us and we can get back to you tomorrow?
Yeah
He's very he's very quick with his fingers and he gets the key off the ring immediately and hands it to you and it's like
Okay, I'm gonna go home now. Yeah, I think we would have I'm not here, but I don't think we would have any further questions
No, yeah, I just have reason to detain this. Yeah. Well, I'm being sarcastic
Yeah, okay, yeah, hey Leo, we'll we'll get that key back to you tomorrow
But we probably will have a few questions once we return that to so just you know, nothing bad
Just be prepared to have a little conversation tomorrow
Okay, I will prepare to have a conversation with you tomorrow. Also don't mention this to George cuz
You know, I want you guys getting any funny ideas. Just kidding
Nervously and leaves
Okay, let's open this and go take a peek at this body
So you guys get your poking sticks
So the the gate opens two of you walk in and you're looking around this junkyard. It is a massive junkyard
We're talking 10 acres of land
I mean this thing is massive and there's junk piled up every which direction right in front
Can I roll to see if I find anything cool? Uh, yeah roll so live in a dead body. What's your search 40?
Okay, that's a 95
95 you see a day is gone
so seriously in front of you, there is a
crumpled up dead body with blood splattered all around it in every direction and it is sitting right in front of
They're basically the only building on this entire land
Mass that is kind of serves as like an office
It's a quickly put up almost like trailer
It's got one door one window kind of place and it's got the sign on it piston junkyard all that jazz
It's sitting the body is like right in front of it. Uh, I look over at Clark
I say I don't think we're gonna need an ambulance for this one
But uh, do you have that the camera equipment lights and stuff in your car? Is that in I do? Okay, you got it
What's that? Let's go ahead and get that set up. We gotta take some pictures of this but you go run into that
I'm gonna take a peek at it. Yeah, okay
So I want to go up and inspect see if I can see if I can see why
This is a dead body. Okay, so
We know one thing I'm gonna interrogate the body
roll human
with your vast
Intelligence that Keith vignette my 50 intelligence you can tell this this body seemed to hit there's blood
splattered in a circular
Range around this body in every direction
So it looks like this body was thrown here or dropped here
Is there any footprints or anything around or does it look like it just became here it?
Looking around though. The ground is wet a little bit. It's like the ground is the ground is moist and
There there are no footprints in the area except for your own
So it is it is since it's like damp or whatever it would I would be able to notice footprints if they yeah
I think so. Okay, I return with the lights on the camera and I go ahead and set up some good floodlights on the area
Yeah, and start just taking. Yeah, let's take some pictures before we move this body for
Posterity isn't in front of the front door of their office. It's just in front
It's like probably 10 yards away from the building and it's not centered on anything in particular
It's just like there do I looking at the building? Do they have any security cameras set up? No
Snap some pics and then I'm gonna is this face down or face up face down. I'm gonna roll him over
That's him. Is it a can I tell or I'm gonna roll the body when you roll the body over cannot see its face
But it does seem to be the body of a woman. Why can I not see its face?
Well, okay, you can see her face, but the face is smashed completely
Beyond recognition beyond all
Recognition this is not a great night for faces. Oh, you know a lot of faces getting messed up in contention
Can I can I see if there does she have teeth or finger fingers?
It looks like she did probably have teeth at one point but not anymore. Nah, all right
Would it would we be able to identify like fingerprints? It's like a black bloody mess and yes, there are fingers
Okay, I go and get out my little 10 in case your 10 fingers in case you were wondering nice
Look at these fingers, dude. These are great
We can well, I don't know how many she started out with
I hope she has committed a crime at some point. That way we can identify her in our database
I do the I just take a my ink pad and grab a few. Yeah fingerprint fingerprints got him
I'm right so other other than her face, which is smashed. Is there any other visible injuries?
Smashing mostly it looks like she took smashing damage from the from all over or just the face
I would say it looks like from where she hit the ground is where like all of
Hit the ground I look at is there anything directly above us when you look up
The sky is above you and that seems to be it. Wow, that's amazing. The sky is up there
I want to go through the pockets when you go through the pockets
There is a small piece of paper that is folded a handful of times and this piece of paper is a thick piece of white
Parchment on it is written in this weird black thick ink and it says
We is striking when the land gets darkness
readying torches hesitate not
You're looking at this body and it is wearing what seems to be really thick hand stitched clothing and leather boots and
Besides that note in the pocket. That seems to be all you can really garner from it
Is there style to the note? Is it written like a poem and does it have funky punctuation?
It has punctuation it is we is striking when the land gets darkness period readying torches period hesitate not period
Okay, but no it's not in stanza form. Yeah, it's not formatted in a weird way
It's just written as it could fit on this piece of paper
So that was folded up a couple times and put stuffed into her pocket
So you're taking pictures that was the only thing in the pocket. That is the only thing in the pockets
How big are the britches fitting nice? I I hike my big old britches up. I'm like man. Those are some nice pants
I want to take a strand or two of hair and put it in an evidence bag. Absolutely cutting back to
John Lee Pettymore is at the scene and the ambulances arrived. They are going to ask you what happened
Well, I was in pursuit of this intoxicated young woman and she fucking smashed her car in that goddamn telephone and ripped her face open
I've not seen that's anything like that in a while. Obviously, you know sprint car race and you see your fair share of smashed faces
Okay, so they're done like as soon as they get that information. They're like, okay
Well, we need to get her to the hospital. And so they start
Yeah, the thing about racecar driving
So they get out nerves a steal they get her on to a gurney of sorts and it's not a gurney barrel and
Bamboo wood and cheesecloth and they get her in the back of this ambulance and falls right through the cheese
She gets up and starts running. Yeah, so immediately draw my side
Zombie
So they take her they take her away and you can probably call Ray and have him take care of the cleanup crew and everything
But what do you what do you do? I'm going to go get my car bourbon
Oh, yeah, take a swig out of that to steady my nerves and then I'm gonna check her car out
I'm gonna do a search probable cause out the ass
Yeah, so yeah
You're good to check the car when you're going through it in the back seat of the car is a it's a Polaroid
Camera and it seems to be from early early Polaroid camera making days. You've never seen a camera like this
It's got the normal like chunkiness to it
But it's got some like weird glass tubes that go around it and on it is a light
that is red and it has a viewfinder and a button to take pictures and
Then a spot for the paper to go in and a spot for the paper to come out and then all these glass tubes
Probably two or three that like loop around from like one into the other and stuff there any Polaroid sitting around other also
Yeah, I forgot to mention there is a Polaroid sitting in the seat of the car
In the shotgun seat. It is a Polaroid. It shows the base of a tall building and a group
Crowding the entrance with fists raised
Everything in the picture is lit by torches in some of the people's hands and the building is a slightly shiny pitch black
The entire picture is not fully like colorized
It almost seems black and white but the the light from the torches is giving off some sort of like a yellowy
Orangish tint would you say maybe perhaps a sepia? Yeah, almost a sepia tone on this picture
Does that strike you as odd that strikes John is very odd and he goes and takes another fortify and swig off his bourbon
Go ahead and roll a sanity check for me
Hard fail, okay
So you're gonna lose one sanity and you're gonna need to take that pull instead of just wanting to
Off of the old whiskey. So yeah, this is really weird. Like you've never seen anything like this
You've probably not messed with Polaroids too much in your life, but you definitely know that if
It shouldn't look like this. Yeah, are there any blank? There's paper in the in the camera, okay
I want to try to take a picture you click on the button and nothing happens
you do notice that on this camera where the red light is coming from there is also a
Unlit green light next to it. So the red light is illuminated. Yes. Gotcha
Okay, do I see and like an attachment or anything?
That's supposed to go into this or a place for that to go somewhere that might activate that green light
No, okay does not look like it. Can I just push it push what the green light?
It's not a button looks like this is not a button
There are two lights side by side one has a red cover
Basically one is colored red and the other one is colored green and the red light is shining
The green light is not just want to move the camera around and point it at different things and see if that changes
What light okay, John Lee Pettymore is standing on the side of the road as a light mist comes down in the darkness
He's all alone and he is standing with a camera that is odd in his hands
Aiming it at different things and looking at nothing in particular
Wow, nothing happened, but it sounded horrifying
Yeah, nothing changes, okay as you go through the rest of the car you get to the trunk and in the trunk are
multiple gas cans and
A bunch of lighters and matches classic firebug. Yes
Oh and also inside the car I make a note of that inside the car was a bottle of
Brandy bottle of cheap brandy about half gone. Do you take a swig?
Not my brand my brand so cutting back to the two of you in the junkyard is special liver
Where did we leave you guys? I guess we found that note and
I got the fingerprints and a piece of her hair that I'm planning on running. What's the coroner's name here? This is the county
Yeah, you can just call the county. Okay, let's give them a call. See if they can figure out
I mean, I think I know what killed this person, but let's see what that what their professional opinion is
What's your theory their faces smashed them to death? How do you think that happened?
That's what that's what I want to find out doesn't sound like you have a theory then or know how this person got killed
Oh, I know that they got killed because their faces smashed
That's that's what I got cause of death being a face smash cause of death smashed face
Yeah, I mean that'll do it for sure. Yeah, I certainly wouldn't want my face smash like this
Yeah, I'm done with that. They call it call the corner in I'm gonna do a little search around like it
And maybe like a 50-foot radius around this body and see if I can find anything of interest. Okay, cool
I want to go into the office. That's right there. Okay, sounds good. First off you give me a
search role I
Do not pass you do not find anything and Joe Clark Bishop is walking up to the
Building the front door of this building and it is unlocked. I go in it is a small room
There's only one room
There's a desk that is like literally covered in papers and garbage and a bunch of shit just everywhere
There's a couple chairs in there that are also covered with shit and there's a bunch of filing cabinets
This place is deeply disorganized and no one has been in here in a while
I'm just looking to are there any
Surveillance anythings any TVs that look like they were at least once surveillance. There is one camera
It is in the corner of the room. Can I follow its cord to see where it goes?
Yeah, and you would also see that it does point at the front door, which looks out the window
Cool, but I mean I want to see where it's Oh where it's hooked up. Yeah. Yeah
So I underneath the desk is like the CCTV I turn on the TV. Mm-hmm. Do I get a picture?
Yes, is there a VCR anywhere nearby? Oh, yeah, it is connected. It's one of those TV VCR combos
So this is Joe doesn't know this would a
Police officer to look at the tape in that VCR. Would he take it back to the shop?
You can do whatever you want. I guess I'll do I'll just leave it there. Whatever you like
I'll look at it there. Okay, I rewind go ahead and roll luck to see if it was recording
Baby it was not recording. Yeah, that would have really helped
I pop in from my search and I say hey have you found where that camera leads to?
Maybe I can do a roll and see if it was
Talks about life in a really weird way
No, that's how that's how life works cool
So you guys at this point could you could have ray come out and watch this scene for the night?
Also, I want to give the chief a ring. Okay. Yeah, you you phone the Chiefs. Do you call her?
I guess her cell phone. Yeah, it goes straight to voicemail. No ring. I want to leave a voicemail. Hey Maggie, it's
It's vigna wake up Maggie, I think I have something to say to you
Yeah
Right after you left we got a call. There's a dead body out at the junkyard
I'd like to have your input on this. Give me a call back. Bye. I think that was good. Love you did great
Thanks
Keith did you just call the chief Maggie?
Yeah, I did I mean it was a day so we were all saying I know I know this is I know work
I know I'm new here. But uh, I don't know I like to have a friendly office space Clark friendly office space
What do you call her chief if we're working well, she's not we're not at work
She left
We called her on her personal cell phone. Yeah, I'll keep a note of that. You just might want to keep that in mind
Yeah, I'm gonna call her back
Hey Keith, it goes straight to voicemail. Okay. Hey, man, I mean, hey chief
Sorry about that last voicemail. Everything I said was true, but I want to
We'll call you chief
Okay
Bye
All right, that's good
Okay, so we haven't seen John in a minute
Let's I'm gonna radio him and see what is what's going on over there
What did that note that you found say again? We is striking when the land?
Sets darkness when the land sets darkness gets darkness
Readings torches hesitate not okay. I want to radio John. Hey
What what happened with that car you is that taken care of her? Oh, man
Her face is all smashed to hell. Wait, this face is smashed to hell too. I think it's what it could be
Well, how did her face get smashed?
Poor driving was she drunk or what was it? Are you drunk? I never know these days vigna
You should have seen this face. This is got me pretty shook. Well, do you need what are you doing right now?
Do you need help? I'm just trying to make this camera work
Okay, let's I'm gonna let's go see what he's up to
So the three of you go back to the office the police department after
Ray is gonna take care of cleaning up the car on the side of the road. That's been smashed
He's gonna call a tow truck and let everybody know what needs to be taken care of there
Well, it's about time he did something. Yeah, he's also gonna
Go out to the junkyard and keep watch over the crime scene for the night, which you put up crime tape and all that
Jazz, I wanted to express to Ray that we do want the coroner to like autopsy won't be one
Of course yeah, and so I you'll get that report back in the morning and the three of you meet back up at the police department
You're probably all out in the parking lot now is about when you would either
I don't know
Do you guys to have personal cars or do you take your your cruisers back to your homes Clark definitely takes his cruiser back?
Yeah, I do. Yeah, so the three of you are all in your cruisers and you pull back into the police department's parking lot
I walk in and talk to drew the
Secretary hey, hey drew. Hey, you see the chief tonight. No, she hasn't come back in since she left abruptly
She she call her anything. She did not call. Hmm. He like looks through his messages. She did not call
All right
Will you give her a ring and if you if you get a hold of her you gotta tell her we got some stuff going on
here absolutely and then Clark goes to his desk and
He starts doing whatever he can in the office with the fingerprints and so you can basically send that stuff in
okay to County and
Get results back later. I'm doing that Clark you you like to take those crime scene photos and things
Mm-hmm. Can you have you ever seen a camera this queer?
I don't think I've ever seen anything like this before it looks kind of old with the glass tubing like that
I know they used to use that some of them old radio. Yeah, but this this ain't a radio Clark. Yeah
This is a weird one this picture mean anything to you I look at the picture you look at the picture
I want to look at the picture. The picture is a Polaroid of a base of a tall building
There's a group of people crowding the entrance their fists are raised
Everything in the picture is lit by torches in some of the people's hands and the building is a slightly shiny pitch black
But the only coloring that you see is from the torches and it's like an orange ish yellowish hue
Everything else is black and white roll sanity
Pass I pass. Okay, you both don't see anything out of the ordinary with from this picture
Do I recognize the building by any chance a place?
All right, where'd you get this picture and honestly you wouldn't be able to recognize the pic the base of the building
anyways, because it's literally just like
Like an out an exterior wall, what was the driver's name? I assume we looked at her wallet and stuff
Yeah, yeah for sure. Her name is Julie Maxwell. She lives in town. I got this
I got this from Julie Maxwell's car. Wait, does that the car you pulled over?
Yeah, Julie was the one that called in about the body. Yeah, she's not gonna be doing many calls with that face anymore
Is she do we know her? Is she at the hospital right now?
She is she stable or she are we gonna be able to talk to her? You don't know I can call up there
Okay. Yeah, let's find out also that note said something about torches. I read the note out loud. That's ominous
Well, I chant the note
This has got to be connected if Julie called in the body. She's got a picture of her
Is she in the picture we found a note mentioning mentoring torches we found a picture of
Torches one woman's face was smashed another woman's face was split entwined. What was Julie wearing?
Did you see the body her not alive? Have you seen her by a live body?
What was her are you asking me?
Looking like
What was her clothing looking like let me stop to recollect
picture a single
Middle-aged woman who is stuck in the 80s
Now you remember your old friend Stacy and her mom. Mm-hmm. Wait. No Stacy's mom has got it going on
Who's the one who still thinks it's 1985?
She reminded me a lot of your friend's mom who still thinks it's 1985. Oh, yeah, Carol
Yeah, she's got Carol hair
Carol hair Carol clothes. All right, cuz our body it looked like homemade stuff. I kind of wondered if they were together
It's got to be connected. Sure
But maybe our Julie's a suspect here. It's getting pretty late at this point
You guys might want to call it for the night and can I can I go ahead and call the hospital though?
Just to see for sure. She's unconscious. Okay, she's but still alive. Yeah, like not gonna die. Hey, let me roll
Oh god
Oh, yeah, no, she's dead Julie Maxwell's
She's a cop to severe blood loss. She's dead. She's just rolled a hundred
She's dead. Hey, remember when you said let me roll. It would have been tight if you
Know Julie Maxwell's dead. There was probably there was probably nothing more to gather from that thread. So yeah, I
Think we can call this one case closed drive safely folks
I'm gonna go home. All right, take it all
Sleeper and think about what I've seen today
This was my first dead body and I'm kind of creeped but also a little bit stoked. Oh, yeah
Hey, go ahead and roll me a sanity for seeing that dead body. I forgot to have you roll that
I got an 87 that should be good right? No, I don't think so. What's your sanity 50?
yeah, so you're gonna want to head and lose one and
Just a quick note for you guys. We're gonna run this as a sanity
We'll run as like a humanity tracker to see how much you care about
Humanity everything that you see that makes you doubt the like goodness and humanity will make you lose
Sanity also anything that makes you think that maybe humanity isn't all that's here will make you lose sanity
So that's how we'll be tracking it. I feel a little less like I give a shit about people. Yeah, I think so
Hey Keith, who do you know in town? Like who are your friends? Who's your family? Do you have anyone?
I've got well my parents. I grew up go ahead and eat that mic. Go ahead and get up on so
Don't eat mine
Yeah, I grew up here, but my parents both passed away. I don't really have
Any like close family? I've only been here a couple months. So I haven't really made friends
I don't hang out with people really the only time I see other people is when I'm at work
What's your dog's name? My dog's name is bean. I
Didn't know if you knew this or not. But uh, it looks like I'm a I'm a distant relative of of those bean boys
What what the bean boys the bean boys bean pond stuff you you have?
Ancestral roots to the the one of the founders of this town, correct Amundo
Cornelius beans Cornelius beans was my
Ancestor grades grandpa is in your blood line. He's in my blood line between two and four grades
Depending on how quickly they fucked more kids out. I named my dog beans. You poop kids out you fuck them in
Oh, that's right. My bad. So your dog's name is beans
What kind of dog is it golden retriever and on a scale of how much you love it? It's a lot probably
It's probably like a 10. So when you get home that night
Being great to at the door. Oh, hell yeah. That's sheen bean. Hey bean
And that is the most genuine role-playing
I'll play I'll be being I he licks my face and I'm like
What's your like what's your nightly thing? Like what do you do when you I'm gonna cook dinner
Eat my dinner while I watch TV. Yeah, probably fall asleep in my lazy boy. Sounds good. What are you doing?
Clark doesn't have a lot in life. Yeah, but he's got his house. Mm-hmm
he comes home and he cooks his TV dinner in the microwave and he sits down with his TV tray and watches Wheel of Fortune and
he
Sometimes gets the puzzle before I was gonna say does he play along or does he just watch it for fun every now?
And then he gets a puzzle right before anybody else does nice
I was kind of thinking this guy's a real lonely sad guy for sure. No, that absolutely makes sense
We can he maybe maybe he has a connection with a checkout counter exactly
Yeah, a guy at the checkout at the grocery store
I love it just kind of they exchange pleasantries does he knows we know each other's names and we kind of know each other's hobbies
Awesome. Awesome. Yeah. No, that's perfect. That's absolutely perfect. So what are you doing with your night?
watching Wheel of Fortune beautiful and
John Lee Pettymore John stays back a little bit and he
Can't really shake this picture. Yeah, he's just kind of looking at it
And he probably stays in the station maybe half an hour 40 minutes after everybody leaves
Just trying to get his thoughts together. Mm-hmm. And then he goes he leaves
He leaves home and he hits up a local bar. Okay, Lee not leaves home leaves the station. Yeah in uniform
No, okay sit in my cities. Okay, he's wearing he's wearing tight wranglers a
Tucked in pearl snap. Yeah, and a pretty fucking sick leather jacket
TBH very cool. I'm not gonna say TBH again. I'll get listeners
So you go to clinkers the local bar
It's a small bar and all the windows on the outside are blacked out
But there are neon lights on the outside with different bush light Miller light Coors light signs neon signage
And on the inside it is a smoky small room
With three tables and a pool table and a bar Harry is behind the bar as per usual
Harry clinker owner of clinkers and
There's a couple regulars in there. Nobody too important to the town couple guys playing pool
I mean his night he's gonna he's gonna get him a little light and a slice of lime and he's gonna play ball by himself
all right, the next day you guys go into the office and
Immediately
Drew has a couple messages for you
One a city council members dog is missing
to there's a house on the south side of the old neighborhood where the doors swinging open and mail is piling up and
Three there is an oil spill out southeast of town on a country road last night
So it's three different calls that came in. Can you can you expand on that oil spill?
Yeah, let's see who called that in. Let me check my notes real quick
Jimmy Sanders called it in and you would know that Jimmy Sanders is an old buddy of yours
maybe even a relative not sure and
He is like kind of an old hippie and he is the manager of Subtropolis the sub shop downtown
Yeah, no Jimmy. Jimmy Sanders called that in at like 4 in the morning last night
And yeah, he said there was an oil spill out out there in the country red. Where's that house at?
What house the house?
It's on the south side of the old neighborhood which is in the southwest part of town
I'm gonna go check out that house anybody want to come with me or should we just all get this all taken care of separately?
Also, I think there were a few things you wanted to check when you when you
So you've got those three things that came in and then you know that Julie
Maxwell is gone. She's no longer with us has a chief come in today. I know she hasn't come in
I tried to call her a couple times. It went straight to voicemail. I think you really got her probably hit her home
Do you do you guys like that? I'm gonna be a constant character in this game and I sound like this
Well, you're better than right
What were you wanting to find out today?
I forgot if we got any hits on the fingerprints of the hair autopsy or anything or the autopsy. Yeah, okay
So we'll do this in order. Nothing came back on the fingerprints. This one is in no zero databases the hair
Also, nothing came back
DNA wise not in any databases the autopsy report came in and
She's dead. She is dead. She died from blunt trauma
Hell yeah, dude
Which is one way? Oh my god
Which is I was gonna say another way to say face smashing do you guys wanna smoke me?
Yes, it was blunt trauma and hell yeah, dude
Blunt trauma would actually be a pretty fucking great like stoner metal or
On the autopsy report. Yeah, she died from blunt trauma. Hell, yeah, but also
She had a brand on her back that her skin was
Branded and it said this is a fool in all capital letters
Clark Clark on the phone is like yikes
And they can see where some pictures if you want yeah, dude, was it a fresh brand it was a
relatively fresh brand like adidas
More fly than fresh so real quick. I'll give you the rundown one more time. Carrie pages called and said that her dog is missing
Mildred Mitchell called and
Said that there was a house on the south side of the old neighborhood where the door is swinging open and mail is piling up
and
Who was the last guy?
John Sullivan, did you say Jimmy Sanders?
So close Jimmy Sanders called about an oil spill out southeast of town on Country Road
I'm gonna I really want to go check this house out
Does anyone want to roll with me or you guys gonna go check out the let's split up here?
Cuz I know I know old Jimmy
Yeah, I'm gonna go check out the house cuz I don't know the councilwoman or or Jimmy
So I'm gonna go to the it would it would be best if we sent someone's pretty senior to the councilwoman
The only thing I was gonna say is that I think Clark would feel like a missing dog is way beneath him
I well that depends like in this town. Do we get a call from like a council member and like yeah, that's true
That's true. All right. Yeah, I'll go to carries. Okay, I'm going in the house. Okay drew what kind of damn
dimensions what oil spill he just he called it he called at 4 in the morning and he said there there is an
Oil spill. What time is it now?
It is 8 30 in the morning. Were you here all night drew?
I I always have my phone on and I take all the messages. You're a good man, buddy. Not like Ray
Thank you lazy son of a bitch
It's getting a little weird I feel like we might be dealing with some sort of cult here
It seems like we've got a hillbilly murder cult
Something's driving the dogs crazy and faces are hurt
No face is safe whose dog got stolen or whose dog is missing its carry pages carry pages of pages fame
She's the owner of pages. Which one the restaurant
Who was the bookstore Steven pages? Are they related cousins? Okay, cool
Hell yeah
Oh
Oh
Strew me down takes me back
Don't stop
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
What's up my sugar babies
It's your sugar daddy wolf the dog and I'm here to let y'all know that you can support this show and help it grow
With some of that hard-earned dough over at patreon.com slash pretending pod links in the show notes
Thanks for listening my sugary sweet babies
