Greetings, my chubby babies.
It's your thick fat daddy Wolf the dog,
here to slap, lap, and crap
right into your chunky little ear holes.
I, of course, am emanating from the basement.
694.2 PTBP, from the future to the past.
But the past is your present?
I don't know, time travel confuses me,
but I still do it constantly
because it makes my innards feel frisky.
Speaking of frisky business,
this week's Howlin' with Wolf is from
at Shemelan Shmusk, who tweeted about the show
and tagged that pretending pod.
It's that easy, y'all.
They right, hell yeah.
From Adam to Eric,
thank you for letting me know about this podcast.
It made the first few months
of baby Aurelia's life even better.
Recently, I took her to her six month checkup,
and after they gave her her shots, they cut my dick off.
Turns out it's actually pretty common.
We love you all the way from DC, DTF.
Well, Adam and Eric, I hope y'all have fun
running around dickless or whatever.
Do y'all know how they dispose of discarded dongs?
I sure do, and I'll never tell how or why I know
or what kind of wine goes best with a wok-fried wang.
Remember, if you think we deserve it,
spread around some internet love
by tagging at PretendingPod on Twitter and Instagram.
Write a five-star review on Apple Podcasts
or pledge to help keep this show going
at patreon.com slash PretendingPod.
Also, my producer says the current plan
is to record another Q&A episode for this here main feed
that will be released quite soon,
like maybe next Friday soon.
So head on over to the subreddit
at reddit.com r slash PretendingToBePeople
and find the Q&A thread to submit your questions.
Also, feel free to send those questions
to at PretendingPod on Twitter as well.
Me, I'm tired of the past.
It's given me them blues.
Thank fuck this is the last broadcast
I'm blasting out old news.
Last episode, the PCs all signed some sort of paperwork
to partner with the calm, comfy campground
on something called Operation Hole Puncher
in a room filled with the flowers found all over the island.
The memories continued to bounce around,
from a cottage filled with security equipment
to the rounded-off meeting room
dealing with a broad woman and a scrawny man
who were attempting to spray them
with some sort of spray made from the flowers on the island.
Angela, when cornered and confused
by the actions of the group,
began chanting something strange and lost in translation.
With time being all finicky,
I'm assuming this may perhaps be the last time
I'm asked to choose a brand new track
to premiere on this audio cast.
And I've been saving this one for this perfect moment.
I have the distinct pleasure to present to each of you
for the very first time, Dream Girl with Pretty Sexual.
["Pretty Sexual"]
[" Working For You"]
["
Mr. Zach's Wild Bone."
Mr. Zach's Wild Bone.
Is that why...
Even though it won't be in the video.
People are like, what the fuck is this dialogue?
I want to get off Mr. Bone's wild ride.
Hi, Zach.
Hey, Joe.
Hey, Justin.
Go fuck yourself up.
That's nice.
Good burp, Luke.
You're being mean to me, Zach.
Oh, I don't think so, personally.
I personally do think so.
Oh, okay.
Personally.
Could you just give me a rundown of how I've been mean to you?
That way I can better myself?
No.
You called him ugly.
You called him stupid.
You hurt me emotionally.
You have been hitting him a lot.
Yeah, you just punch him in the shoulder like really hard all the time.
These are all fair, but do you have any real ones?
I like when you sit on my chest.
I don't like when you hurt me the other way.
Well, you should say the safe word, which is...
Papa Zechariah.
Oh, that's when I stopped.
Anything referring to me being a father?
No, I'm out.
Dad.
Dad.
Oh, no, dad.
Finish it.
Say daddy.
No, daddy is hot.
Dad is disturbing.
Yeah, that's why I want you to finish it so I can finish.
All right, so...
You're my male father figure.
Oh, okay.
We need to take this all out.
All of it?
Yeah.
Some of it.
Okay, let's start now.
Hey, Zech.
Hey, Joe.
Would you fuck, Justin?
Would I?
Have I?
Did I?
You had a rough middle school, didn't you?
Doesn't everybody have a rough middle school?
Nah.
Okay, well...
Nah, we're all super cool in middle school.
That's why we have a role-playing podcast.
Well, I'm glad you guys let me join you.
How's everyone's week going?
Better than middle school.
About the same as middle school.
It's a real middle school kind of week.
I get teased a lot by my peers.
Shut up, Justin.
I'm about to start spring break and then not have to go back to class afterwards, so that's
nice.
That's wild.
Pretty much.
Aren't you a little old to be in college?
Shouldn't you just quit like the rest of us?
Nah.
I like them young.
Oh, no.
My teacher's younger than me.
Oh, yeah.
You just like to learn from the people who are like the newest to the technology.
There's a creepy Tony LaRosa bobblehead licking down approvingly at Luke.
Hey, Tony.
I love the things you do.
Holy shit.
This is for five people in our listening audience, but have you guys seen the video of Tony LaRosa?
The DUI thing?
The DUI in Florida in the early 2000s.
No.
It's pretty good.
It's amazing.
I haven't.
Okay, Tony LaRosa, former manager of the St. Louis Cardinals.
Rip.
Rip.
Good team.
Yeah.
Anyway, he-
The MLB.
Oh, yeah.
He fell asleep at a stoplight in Florida during spring training.
What?
Just fell asleep, stopped in his car.
There's an interview with him at the police station where he's just wasted, and he's like,
do you know what I do?
I'm in professional baseball.
Oh, no.
Anyway, it's good shit.
That's super cool of him.
Well, God damn it.
He also took Albert Pools to that fucking Glenn Beck rally for America.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
How did Albert feel about that?
No, that he was super into it because they're all rich, Christian.
The two sometimes go hand in hand, other times not, and today we're playing a role playing
game.
Are you sure?
Any of you who are just now joining us here on Pretending to Be People, let's give them
a quick rundown.
So on December 1st-
Bold of you to assume we remember the stories.
No, let's just do it real quick from start to finish.
I show up every day just like blank.
End of sentence.
I was curious.
All right, well, start blank today.
This is not a good start.
Walter and Alan Grimes in the lead, Charles Digby and Roger Fairfield in the middle, Bradley
Cooper and Jack Russell in the back.
You are all paddling for your lives.
I need everyone to roll a sanity.
I pass.
Failed, 94.
I pass.
On a-
Oh, no.
49.
Oh, shit.
99.
Yes.
That's a great success, right?
Almost 100.
Joe and Luke, if you guys could leave the room real quick.
Oh, no.
Don't leave.
He'll do bad things.
Luke, no.
Goodbye forever.
We're about to drown in this lake.
Oh, no.
No, we're about to get eaten by a big thing.
Or fully absorbed into the system.
Oh.
We'll start working against them.
You guys failed sanity, which means that you turn around now.
Sometimes it's a good thing.
That Martin Cupertino, you're actually in the same canoe as Jack Russell.
In the next canoe forward, we've got Charles Digby, who looks back just in time to see
an unspeakable worm-like abomination erupts above the surface of the water.
This thing rises 10 feet up out of the black inky darkness.
It is tube-like, covered in a squamous black partially translucent membrane.
Its body is segmented, and toxically green pulsating arteries and veins can be seen through
its thin-looking exterior.
It has no identifiable eyes or nose.
Its cavernous, circular mouths, one sitting just inside the other, are lined with hooked
teeth, and it spits out a saliva that is somehow darker than black.
From this maw, a sharp stylet protrudes, like something between a tongue and a noodle-like
needle.
It plunges down and attaches to the top of Jack Russell's head.
And then it rips him out of the back of the canoe, sucking the short, portly man up into
its round, teeth-encircled mouth, before slipping quickly and quietly back into the pitch-black
water of Lake Calm.
I need you both to roll a d8.
One.
Yeah.
Oh, what was that?
Squamous.
What was that?
Squamous.
Squamous.
Did I say it right?
I think you did.
I thought it was squamous.
I rolled a five.
Okay, so you lose five sanity.
Cool.
Martin Cupertino loses five sanity, and Charles Digby just loses one sanity.
You know, this can't be real.
Martin Cupertino, I need you to put in order fight, flight, and freeze from most likely
to least likely.
Flight, fight, and freeze.
Well, yeah, if he thinks he can't match it, flight.
If he has no choice, fight.
I think the last thing he would do is freeze.
Okay, sounds good.
So if you roll a one, you'll freeze.
If you roll a two or a three, you'll fight.
And if you roll a four, five, six.
On a d6?
You will flight.
Three, which is fight.
Fight.
This thing is all the way back down in the water, so you are now alone in your canoe,
ready to fight.
What do I have on me?
Do I have a syringe?
Do I have anything else?
You've got the map, and the syringe, and the cassettes.
Nice.
I unspool the cassettes and aim to choke the sea creature.
No, I think I get the syringe out, pokey, and in one hand, and he's ready.
This guy sucks, but he does know martial arts.
He knows it.
He can do it.
I don't like to say that he can, because he sucks, but he can do it.
He can do it.
He's pretty good at it.
So he's ready.
He's in the canoe.
Oh, my God.
He's just like, fuck you.
Fuck you, you worm piece of shit.
And if it's him or the worm, it's going to be him and the worm.
Okay.
Yeah, fuck yeah.
Then you'll get a bonus if it comes for you next.
Joe, Luke.
Fuck.
Joe, a microphone?
Do we say it in the mic?
Joe.
I'm sorry.
We're both sorry.
Walter Grimes.
You're still rowing and rowing, and Alan is like, we got to keep rowing.
We got to keep rowing.
So I need you to roll a strength or an athletics or swimming.
Walter succeeds on his check and does some good rows.
Walter does?
Or Alan does.
Sorry.
Walter fails.
Walter fails.
Okay, so you guys keep rowing.
You're getting almost to the shore on the opposite side.
You're very, very near the shore on the opposite side.
Roger Fairfield, you're in a canoe with Charles Digby who...
Roger, uh, uh, uh, uh.
We got to row.
We got to row.
We got to row.
He looks, I'm frozen staring behind us.
Oh shit.
I'll look behind me.
You look behind you just in time to see the water just kind of like, and there's nothing
there, including the nothingness that used to be Jack Russell, who is no longer in the
back of the canoe.
You just see Martin Cupertino by himself now.
And what is he doing?
Was he in front or back?
He was in back.
Let me just say that.
Sure.
Like he took time when they were fleeing at the start of this to say to Jack Russell,
like, no, I'm in back.
I steer.
It's the power position of a canoe.
So yeah, I mean like who was in back?
Me.
Okay.
So Jack Russell gets eaten and uh, I guess I've got to do everything myself and he paddles
that much harder.
So I need you all to roll, uh, Justin and Thomas, Martin Cupertino and Charles Digby
will be at a negative 20% for failing their sanity checks.
Okay.
I, I fail.
I would have passed except for that negative 20.
Yep.
What was I rolling?
Athletics?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I passed.
Oh wait.
Athletics.
I thought sanity.
No athletics.
Negative 25 minus 20 is 45 I pass 39.
I failed.
Am I just like, let's get the fuck out of here, Roger.
I don't like his little chart that I see over there.
I've got a little chart that they can see, so I'll just show it off.
But basically there are four blank boxes for each canoe and the Grimes have three boxes
marked off because they are the closest to the shore.
And then Fairfield and Digby in a canoe have two out of the four boxes checked.
Oh no.
I thought most boxes was worse.
Turns out it's good.
The least boxes checked.
Martin Cupertino just has one box checked out of four to get to the other side.
Well, that makes sense.
At this point, I'm going to roll a D six to decide as the water around all of you begins
to move and something massive underneath is choosing its next target.
We're going to say a Cooper Martin Cupertino.
You're one.
Uh, we got, you're rolling a D six.
I'm rolling a D six.
Roger Fairfield is two.
Charles Digby is three.
Walter Grimes is four.
Alan Grimes is five, six re-roll miss.
It stays dormant.
How about that?
A good option.
I'm, I'm four.
I don't know.
Which dice did you just roll?
It's a one.
Martin.
That's Martin Cupertino.
So the water around you.
Shit.
Wow.
Jack just built a whole cocktail.
Hey, it looks okay.
We were in a real tense moment.
There's another ice cube.
We got him a sippy cup.
I got a closed lid on that there, bud.
Have you been recording our casual conversation this whole time?
No, he just, that is, that is from the country.
That is from the country.
Praise.
No, I'm back.
So that noise that you just heard was me spilling my drink all over myself and over a lot of
XLR cables.
That's what he calls simultaneously coming pissing and shitting his pants.
Typical Zach.
Spilled my drink.
My cochlea just exploded everywhere.
That's what it's called, right?
No, you're close.
You're very close.
It's Ploweka.
That's what it's called, right?
So, implant.
So it's not often that, all right, so piss, shit, and jizz just spewed out of Zach's ears.
All right, shit.
Okay, so it's not often that I would do this, but it makes sense that in that moment I'm
going to use my actual actions instead of my dice roll.
I had just rolled a one on your actual, I don't know what you mean, this giant abomination
coming for Martin Cupertino, but I was reaching for my dice to roll that attack.
So instead of that attack roll, I'm going to use the fumble because Zach fumbled my
attempt to grab the dice.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
You blundered.
I blundered and therefore- Our actions in this world affect their world.
Oh my God.
That's too much responsibility.
If we kill Zach, he can't do any bad stuff to us anymore.
Oh no.
He couldn't do any good stuff either.
Oh.
That's true.
When has he?
Aw.
Aw.
Not true.
He flosses before every session.
Like a big old silk pillow.
So basically you all- Body pillow.
Turn around just in time to see this absolute tube-like creature comes 10 feet out of the
water- And spills its drink.
And spills its drink all over, so actually- Shit.
So what happens is the Grimes and Roger Fairfield haven't seen this yet, so I'll describe it
once again, but it rises 10 feet out of the water.
It is an unspeakable worm-like abomination, tube-like, covered in squamous black partially
translucent membrane.
Its body is segmented and toxically green pulsating arteries and veins can be seen through
its thin looking exterior.
It has no identifiable eyes or nose.
Its cavernous circular mouths, one sitting just inside the other, are lined with hooked
teeth and it spits out a saliva that is somehow darker than black.
And actually, instead of going for an attack on Martin Cupertino, all of this spit comes
out and just lands all over the canoe.
You can roll a dodge or a dexterity to try to avoid this goop getting all over you.
Didn't you say it already failed?
Yeah, it failed- But it vomited.
Literally grabbing you and- Doing a bad.
Pulling you in.
It just gaks.
It does what Zach did.
Okay, I got a 61.
Roll athletics since that's a 65.
There you go.
So you swiftly move in this canoe from the back up to the front real quick.
As the back gets completely drenched in this goop that is blacker than the water of Lake
Calm, which you thought was already so dark that it basically pulled light away from the
viewer's eyes and you guys can roll again to try to paddle away.
Roger, pull it together.
Athletics or what?
Anything that'll work.
So swimming, athletics.
Pass.
42.
I was hoping I could say, you got it, bud, but I failed again.
As I'm telling him to pull it together, I also failed more.
I'm like, oh, cramp.
So you guys both failed?
Yeah.
So as this goop just gets all over the back of Martin Cupertino's canoe, he jumps back
and keeps paddling from the front with such a swiftness that he pulls up even with Roger
Fairfield and Charles Digby.
Just huge plunging drives into the water as he's fucking crewing it.
Swiftly moving, yeah.
Swiftly through the water in perfect, literally-
Stroke.
Stroke.
Stroke.
Stroke.
He's saying that.
We got to do it like that.
My arms hurt.
He's going to hear sticks.
So the Grimes actually reach the shore on the other side and immediately Alan's like,
we got to get up onto the shore.
And he's trying to pull the canoe up onto the-
I'll grab underneath where I was sitting and just, yeah, sprint, bringing it up on shore.
And you guys are up on the shore.
Now we've got three people in the water, so I'm going to roll another D6.
Oh God, I'm so nervous to like move.
Need a cup holder for you.
All right, so one and two are going to be Martin Cupertino, three and four is Roger
Fairfield, and five and six is Charles Digby.
Cocked.
Crack die.
That's a two.
Two correct die.
Who is two?
Martin Cupertino.
This thing hates him.
Quit being mean to Tommy.
I mean, Martin is the one who should be.
Yeah.
This thing's coming for you.
Just jump, like comes out of the water, almost like a proboscis, but like something from
inside its maw is coming toward you and is trying to attach to the top of your head.
How are you going to try to dissuade it from taking you into itself?
I reach back behind me and grab the now departed Jack Russell's paddle.
Actually, it would be right next to me because he was in front.
Exactly.
I grab that and I just try to shove it up the maw instead of my head.
Absolutely.
Okay.
So go ahead and roll melee weapons or karate.
I think I actually do have a martial arts skill.
Where is it?
If you wrote it in, it'd be on the left.
Was it just your unarmed combat?
It is my unarmed combat.
Can I roll athletics or actually no, melee is better.
Melee.
Melee.
Meal worm weapons.
Yes.
50 on a 50.
I rolled a 10.
So you win.
Yeah.
So as this thing comes down, this like noodle like needle coming out of the middle of its
circular vast mouth is like trying to fight its way through.
So Martin Cupertino with his left hand is still plunging his paddle into the water.
Left.
Right.
Left.
Right.
And he reaches behind him for the paddle of the departed Jack Russell.
And he just like jams it straight into the air behind him at where he thinks the mouth
is.
And it just happened to be the moment where this proboscis was coming in straight at your
head.
You knock it back and as the maw like gets pulled down with this weird style that's protruding
from its mouth.
You like jam the or in sideways like in star Wars when Luke gets the in the compactor.
Yes.
No.
In the mouth.
The rain core.
The rain core.
Yeah.
I keep its jaws open.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it lets it lets out this.
That might be a really cool OS startup sound.
But he's now he's now he's paddling with both hands.
All right.
Everybody roll athletics except for Luke.
You're good.
You're safe.
Can I pass 16?
Yeah, absolutely.
As they're rowing and rowing, what are the Grimes doing?
I pick up.
I want to find a medium sized rock that's like kind of sharp and I'm going to skip it
at the monster.
Fantastic.
So you'll do that to help aid if it's coming at someone on the next attack.
Roger fails again.
For every one of these, I rolled a 92, a 93, and a 96.
Oh my God.
Roger Fairfield can't canoe to save his God damn life.
I mean, literally.
He really can't.
He rolled a 92, 93, and 94.
I know.
I know.
Why didn't you lie?
I should have lied.
I should have lied.
I passed.
Hang on.
Let's go back.
It was a 92, a 93, and a 94.
Roll again.
We'll do everything for you.
I passed as well.
All right.
So Fairfield Digby and Martin Cupertino, the canoes are side by side at this point and
you guys are one success away from being safe on the shore on the other side as this water
moves and you feel the canoes, both of your canoes just kind of like lift up a little
bit as you're rowing.
One two for Martin Cupertino, three four for Roger Fairfield, five six for Charles Digby.
That's a four.
That's Roger Fairfield.
You deserve it.
Okay.
So first, as this thing is coming, as this thing is coming up out of the water, I want
to roll from Walter Grimes for skipping a rock.
Whatever it is.
It's a 98, so I fail.
The rock is too big and it skips twice and then it flunks.
You just drop it.
My wrist.
Ow, my hand.
Yeah, no.
Alan will take a page out of your book and try to do the same thing.
And he too fails, so there will be no assist on this, Joe.
So as this thing is coming up out of the water, emitting this weird, almost green, almost
dark, just like liquid that is all over its body.
It's actually like an oil now that is covering the top of Lake Calm surrounding you.
And it is coming down straight for your head.
What are you doing?
Having seen Martin just handle it with his oar, I'm going to try and if it's coming straight
down at me, I want to knock it like a baseball bat would be knocking a ball out of the air.
Absolutely.
Go ahead and roll.
Is that melee or unarmed?
That'll be melee.
You mean that thing I don't have?
A ninety-two.
I'm going to use, this is the third set of dice I've used, but I'm going to change the
dice again.
Let him re-roll.
Let him re-roll.
I rolled an eighty-four, so I failed.
And so as this water beast rises up and comes down toward you, you bat away just enough,
kind of throws it off its trajectory, and the proboscis goes right into the canoe in
between you and Charles Digby, and it actually punctures into the canoe, so you'll both take
a negative twenty percent on your next athletics checks to try to get to the safety of the
shore.
Wonderful.
Now you're taking me down with you hun.
But it is now back under the water, and you guys are rowing for your lives.
I finally pass one.
I get a forty-three.
But wait, with your minus twenty percent?
I don't pass.
Fuck!
Well, me neither.
Shit.
It doesn't really matter.
Wait, is this good or bad?
This is bad.
You know it's terrible.
You rolled a one hundred.
Yeah, I rolled a one hundred.
I rolled a one hundred.
A one zero zero.
Yep, that's a hundred.
Aw.
Wait, did you say you rolled a ninety-six?
Okay.
Earlier?
Earlier, yeah.
A one zero zero.
That should have been a crit fail.
A one zero zero is a no.
Did we make that rule?
I forgot about that.
Yeah, it's the opposite of sixty-nine.
Martin Cupertino will actually lose one of his successes on that, so Fairfield and Digby
take the, uh, we're going into, like, percentiles of how much land is left between you and the
shore, and you guys still have one success left, but now Martin Cupertino needs two or
one critical success in order to make it to the shore as the water around you begins to
bubble.
I don't like this new mechanic, because it's scary.
This chase, this water monster chase mechanic?
Yeah.
Well, tough shit, because it's going to come up in every situation from now on.
That's a five.
That's Charles Digby is getting it this time.
No.
Like, good getting it, or?
No.
Charles Digby's getting it.
Getting it.
Charles Digby can get it.
Let's see if Charles Digby can get it.
What do I need to roll?
You need to roll whatever you're going to do to try to avoid getting sucked up into
the worm.
The water worm.
Can I just, like, aggressively paddle forward?
The thickest can beat the worm.
It would freak out and be, like, to try and get out of its, like, path or-
Yeah, you would have to-
Would I still get my decrease, though?
Yes, you would.
Okay, then I won't do that, because that will be hard.
I mean, I'm not going to talk into my mic anymore.
I'm just going to move all the way over here.
A sharp tongue is coming at you currently.
What are you doing?
I think I'd probably want to do, like, a similar thing, where, like, I want to bat it away
with the paddle.
Are they, like, big, sturdy paddles I'm assuming?
Yeah, I mean, it's not original, but it has worked, so let's give it a go.
I don't have any fucking other stuff to use.
I know.
I was trying to come up with something original, too, and I couldn't-
You're stuck up on the water.
It doesn't lend itself, so give it a go.
Okay.
I rolled a 4.
I rolled a 22.
I rolled a 29 for my rocks skipping.
Oh, nice.
Unfortunately-
This is a very loyal little robot boy.
That won't be able to help as-
So it skips over and hits the worm, and nothing happens.
Yeah, it actually hits the worm, and it's got a really thin exterior, and so you see
one of the arteries of this thing just, like, flops out of the skin, and this toxically
green, like, liquid begins pouring on top of Lake Calm.
Can I roll damage?
Sure.
What'd I roll?
A rock.
D4.
D4.
A tiny boy.
2.
Fuck you, worm.
And it lets out a little, like, little one.
Just a little guy.
Just a little guy.
Just a little guy.
However-
Can Alan help, too?
Help me throw every rock he can find.
He failed.
Oh.
Fuck you, Alan.
As Charles Digby just yells, fuck you, Alan, this sharp stylet protrudes, and it's this
tongue, noodle-like needle plunges down and attaches to the top of Charles Digby's head,
and it is ripping you up into its maw currently.
You guys have one action to try to fix this, otherwise he's going into this creature.
Well, Roger's gonna try and pull him down.
All right.
And what is Martin Cupertino doing?
What is Walter Grimes doing?
Growing, for sure.
I just threw the rock, and I'm picking another one up.
I'd like to use this opportunity to get another box checked on them.
Okay, yeah, you can.
So go ahead and roll.
97.
97.
The roll.
He's rolling backwards, because he's too shocked to think.
I'm gonna roll strength.
And I will roll strength against you, which is an 80.
Well, that's a five.
Oh my God, he rolled a three.
That's a three.
Yeah.
Incredible.
Holy shit.
Absolutely incredible.
Holy shit.
Charles Digby, as this thing has you by the top of the head, it's literally pulling you
up and you're five feet off the ground.
The only thing keeping you connected to this canoe is Roger Fairfield, who has hands on
both of your feet and is just in a tug of war with a giant Xenonema toad.
And he's just pulling and pulling, and this thing's pulling at your head.
I need you to roll a constitution.
I also like to think I'm trying to punch it in the head.
Yes.
I'm just like, fuck off.
Constitution.
Oh, good.
That's not super high.
I pass.
53 on a 55.
You feel your spine literally is trying to disconnect itself as this thing is pulling
you apart and you reach up and grab onto this thing's tongue just in time before it snapped
your spinal cord and ripped your head off of the rest of your body.
You and Roger Fairfield together just like snap this thing off your head.
You are now, what was your hair situation like before?
It was, I'm just, you know, short brown hair.
You know that sketch from I Think You Should Leave where you can hire someone dressed in
a gorilla costume to come rip your toupee off?
Well that happens and you get scalped.
You hired a nematode.
Your head is bleeding to the point to where your eyes are having trouble seeing through
the Goldeneye style blood rushing down your face, but your back just popped in the best
way.
You decompressed my spine, bro.
Thanks dude.
And as it pops off, it flings itself backward.
It was putting so much into it that it just rips backward into the water as it falls backwards
and you fall onto Roger Fairfield in the canoe safe for now but bleeding all over everything.
Is it like if George Costanza got like a head wound right on top?
Yes.
Like they have the little sides?
Yeah.
You're Costanz-ing.
However, where the bald spot is is just raw blood and like skin that is like three layers
less than it was epithelially speaking.
I got to piss.
Oh, thank you, Joe.
I got you, man.
Thank you, Joe.
I love you.
Dude, speaking of Costanza.
For just imminent consumption, dirty Hershey's.
Dirty Hershey's.
Y'all heard about that dirty Hershey's?
Those Hershey's clerks.
Dude, dirty Hershey's is my favorite rapper and it's also me.
I'm dirty Hershey's.
Yeah, I'm definitely going to call every bout of diarrhea from now on.
Dirty Hershey's.
Dirty Hershey's.
That's what I call other Eagles fans who are from Hershey, Pennsylvania.
It was too far.
I got it.
It was too far.
Elbow bump.
Elbow bump.
I mean, you can get it but it doesn't make it good.
Thank you.
Did you hit record?
Yes, I did.
Are you sure?
You want to try again after that Hershey, Pennsylvania joke?
Yeah, I don't want to miss out on dirty Hersh.
As this thing flops back and just lands in the water.
How dong-like is this thing?
That's what I was thinking.
It's pretty dong-like.
Just the dong flapping around.
Have you ever opened your penis hole and it looks like weird little lips?
Is that what its mouth looks like?
Ow.
It's like a urethra with multiple circular teeth all inside of it.
Do you guys have dick teeth?
How do you forget?
Do you guys have tails?
How do you process the urine crystals if you don't have dick teeth?
Bradley Cooper, Charles Digby, Walter and Alan Grimes, and Roger Fairfield, you are
all standing in the room where you met for orientation and two steps forward, three steps
backward.
Oh, wait.
How are we supposed to feel motivated to escape this creature on the lake, Zach?
You don't know how to feel about anything currently because your mind is being moved
from place to place so constantly.
Where's everyone at mentally?
Which room are we in?
I'm on the lake.
I'm still on the lake.
And yet you're standing in this room and you have this spray bottle in your hand.
Which room are we in again?
The meeting room.
And did Angela just close the door on us?
Well, Angela's not in here.
I know, but does it feel like the time when she just closed the door on us?
I don't know.
I think the whole point is to determine that sort of thing.
Do you?
Okay.
Well, okay.
I've got the spray bottle in my hand.
I'm kicking open the outside door and I'm looking for any motherfucker who works here
to spray.
As you kick out the outside door, you guys all look out and you see that it is completely
empty.
You see that there is the desk on your left and there's the water cooler with the coffee
machine on your right and it is dead silent and there's no one around.
I want to look at Charles.
Is he scalped?
No.
Do I remember that I got scalped?
Yes.
I'm like...
Oh, sorry.
As you poke at your head, you feel just immense pain rushing through like the back, your back.
Like it's just like...
The memory of pain or...
Like yeah, it's like an idea of pain that is just like streaming down your back and
yet you feel hair.
And I look at Roger and I'm like, am I...
No, you're fine.
You're fine.
You're fine.
You're fine.
And then I'm like...
I can like feel my fucking back just rushing with pain.
I'm like, oh, my fucking back.
And I'm like, look, look, look at it.
Look at it.
And I like lift the back...
My back shirt up.
I look at it.
It's fine.
You're fine.
You're fine.
You're fine.
You're fine.
Calm down.
Calm down.
You're fine.
Oh, God.
As you lift it up though, you do notice that you have the little mark on the inside of
your elbow pit.
Oh, fuck.
Do you...
Do you...
Do you have this?
I...
I...
I still do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We tried.
We...
Walter and I, we were throwing rocks.
We were trying to...
I think we're saved.
I don't...
Alan, do you have a mark?
And he holds up his arm and pulls up his shirt and there's a mark on the inside, little blood
dried up.
I want to run behind the desk and see if there's a gun underneath.
Roll search.
Fail.
You do not find a gun.
There's no gun there, so you do find a gun.
This game's wild.
I have a question to ask Zach that they shouldn't listen to.
Oh, okay.
Take your headphones off, I guess.
Thomas.
Why don't you just ask him?
Is it my first time again or is that...
No.
You remember everything.
You're back.
What did you touch?
And that echoes in your ear of Jack Russell saying, what did...
What did you touch?
What did you touch?
There you go.
That was nice.
What did you touch?
Just echo, echo, echo.
Is he in the room?
Nope.
Is there any kind of...
Can I roll some kind of...
Why, just spill your beans.
Can I roll some kind of search to see if there's been a trace of someone in here or does it
look totally untouched?
It's not that it's abandoned, but there's just no one in here right now.
It's as if when you first came in to a calm, comfy campground, there was no one in the
lobby.
It's exactly like that.
Is there any other kind of search role I can also do for anything?
Well, if you're wanting to find something, you could roll search if you'd tell me what
you're trying to find.
Oh, then no.
I'm searching the secret places for something interesting.
Oh, can I search for the McGuffin to solve all those problems?
I'd like to find the Maltese Falcon, please.
Oh, I didn't...
Oh, no, I got a 69, which does that a crit success?
That is a crit success.
Crit success.
Whatever this is.
Okay, yeah.
So Charles Digby is looking all around, and he finds a tape with James saying, here's
what's going on.
Well, distraught, you put your hand up against the wall, and you feel the wall begin to give
way a little bit as you found this secret door.
And as you push into it, this room opens up, and looking into it, it is a long, long room.
You can't see the end of it, and it is lit by the floor, and the darkness is coming from
above, and there's these shadows of all these metal shelves, and you have opened up a secret
door into the room with all the tapes.
Geographically, where is this room?
It's just around the corner from the meeting room.
It was down a slight hallway from where you guys were.
Sure, but if the island is the face of the clock, what time is it at?
We're in the center.
Two o'clock.
Aren't we?
What?
It's at two o'clock from the center?
It doesn't matter.
Then why is the island the face of the clock?
This is all you've given us.
Can I roll to see if I have my tape player on me?
Yeah.
Luck?
Yeah, 50-50.
I don't.
What?
Aww.
This is that room.
This is that room.
We were in here before.
Do you guys remember that?
Do you remember the room with all the tapes?
I remember.
We should find a way to play one.
Yeah, I want to go further in.
Are you guys all going further in?
Can I search for a tape player, like, in the office or something?
We're not, because Martin Cupertino has continued to run out the front door, and he's running
towards the boat docks.
What are the rest of you doing?
Searching for a tape player.
As you look around, it's just shelves, shelves, shelves, shelves.
I don't know.
I want to try and find our shelves again.
Yeah, I'll go with it.
Or is it so gargantuan?
I mean, looking into it, it is infinite and vast.
Oh, okay.
But you can try if you want.
Roger Fairfield, what are you doing?
I don't know.
I don't know what Roger would do right now.
He's freaked out, but he doesn't...
I don't think he would run for the boats.
I think the boats are the last thing he wants to be on.
Yeah, I mean, especially with what happened to my head.
I'm like, I don't want to even try to go back there.
He's going to yell for Angela and then maybe go into that back office that we saw James
in previously.
As you're hollering for Angela, can you do it for me real quick?
Angela!
Angie!
Angie!
That begins to echo out and just reverberate and repeat.
Walter and Alan Grimes, Charles Digby, Roger Fairfield, and Martin Cupertino, you are all
walking through the woods.
You're surrounded by trees.
You're running through the woods.
You're running through the woods.
Martin Cupertino, you have the map out, and you're leading the group through this jungle
trying to find the door.
Charles Digby, you feel blood rushing down your face.
I need you to roll a D6 and half it for damage.
Two.
All right, lose two hit points.
He rolled a four.
Made a two in his mind.
Quick math.
The fuck up, John.
Give away the secrets.
I'm not good at math, but I think we all assumed he rolled a four when he got to it.
Okay, so who is helping Martin Cupertino with the map, or are you guys allowing Martin Cupertino
to just lead you with his skills?
Before that, I assume I'm wearing an over shirt or something.
Can I tear it up to make a weird little bandage for my head, like a little hat for my head?
Yes, absolutely you can.
I want to cover up my sad head.
Can I use intelligence to read the map?
It'll be survival.
Does anybody have a good survival?
Nope.
I do.
I feel like there's other ways to read a map, but I think if maybe you were smart enough,
you could figure out what it was telling you.
You could do intelligence at a negative 40.
That's still better than survival.
What's your survival?
I'm actually pretty good at maps.
It's part of my job.
It's part of what I do.
I can read it for you.
I can navigate it.
But you also think your fake wife is real, so...
My wife-wife is my wife.
Can we trust you?
It's my wife.
I don't know where she is.
Hey, ease up on him.
He can still read the fucking map.
I need to ask Zach something without you guys hearing.
Tough shit.
What the fuck is wrong with Tom and us?
Hey, Joe.
So, Joe remembers that when I was in the office with James, he asked if I was single.
You gave me a not yes.
Does that come back to Roger at any point?
Yeah, let's say that it comes back to you right now as he's asking about your wife.
Okay.
All right, let's do it.
Everybody back.
So, Martin Cupertino is pressing Roger Fairfield about his wife.
Press me.
Press him, baby.
Hey, why don't we have your fake wife read this map?
My wife is real.
We've been together for...
We've been together for...
I met her.
I don't...
I was...
I was talking to James and he asked if I was single.
I said yes.
I said yes.
I said yes.
I don't...
Who's...
I don't...
I don't...
I don't have a wife.
I don't have a wife!
Hey, buddy.
I feel like all the answers are on the other side of this door.
Can you help us get there?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We gotta get out of here.
We gotta get out of here.
That's where...
Hey, maybe Angie's on the other side of the door.
I don't...
I don't know who she is.
I don't know who she is.
Okay.
Just calm down.
Just calm down.
The answers are on the other side of the door on this map.
Okay.
Now, here's the thing.
So, when you guys roll, who is reading the map?
Are both of you reading the map?
I think...
Yeah, I think both of us.
I need you both to roll into my little box that I'm holding.
It's Joe's dice rolling box.
And I need you guys to roll into it and not see the result.
Oh, shit.
Because...
Because you're gonna lie?
Like, what?
So...
Because...
Because I'd like the game to go a certain way, but...
Depending on whether or not you succeed or fail, I will tell you which way you think
you should go.
I don't want you to know whether you've read the map successfully or not, so I want you
both to roll into this.
Okay.
Cool excuse, but...
Joe, look at it.
Check it out.
Check it out.
He's busy counting.
Look.
Okay.
What do you have for intelligence minus 40?
30.
Okay.
And what do you have for survival?
40.
Okay.
So, as you guys are approaching, you're following the line on the map to the door.
And you notice directly across from you on the line where you are heading from off the
trail toward the door, you're about 20 yards away from where you think the door is, there's
a cave opening.
And then above that, there's a slight opening in the trees that leads above the cave.
I'd like to roll to double check.
We've got to be really careful about how we read this map.
Martin Cupertino, you are positive that you should go above the cave and about.
Roger Fairfield, you're pretty positive that this map is leading you into the cave and
then out through the door.
Fuck, and this is based on how we rolled?
Yep.
And we don't know how we rolled.
We don't know.
But we don't know.
Okay, so how do we feel about how we did it?
I will tell you, one of you succeeded and the other one critically failed.
We got that.
One of them critically failed.
Oh no.
Listen.
We need to go through those trees.
I mean, I read the map, I work with, I'm an archaeologist, I follow maps to places all
the time.
It's through the cave.
Everybody follows maps to things as much as an archaeologist does.
We all drive somewhere.
It's not like you're a fucking mapologist.
I have to decipher strange maps sometimes and this is a strange map and I feel confident
it's through the cave.
I think your result is pretty strange.
Why the fuck would we get out of the forest through a cave instead of going through the
clearing in the forest?
Why is it called a door on the map?
There's no door here.
It's all symbolic.
There's got to be another entry on the other side of the cave.
It's our way out.
Everyone, you go your own ways.
You figure it out for yourselves.
I'm going through the tree.
Who's following Martin Cupertino?
Don't go into the caves, you fucking idiot.
Don't go into the caves?
Come on.
We could split into two groups and check both of them.
That's what we're demanding happens here.
You need to figure out which group you're in.
If you want to die or go into the dark cave, I guess I don't know if it's death.
If you, if you want to get out of here, you go through the caves.
If you, if you just want to explore the forest more, go up there, I guess.
I'm going to go with Roger because I've been with him through so much already.
You fucking idiot.
I was like, I don't know what I rolled.
I know what I think is happening.
Walter, honestly, you're, I don't know what happened before this.
Look at me.
I don't know what we were before this.
Do you have the memory of us in the flower room?
I think that we should split up.
It's time for me to go on my own.
And you see Alan Grimes face just drops literally of sadness.
It doesn't fall off.
No, it doesn't fall on his face.
There's no fake faces.
In this one, there will be in the next one.
I know you don't like dark places and I start walking towards Roger.
Why are all the player characters going to die?
All right.
I walk off through the light in the woods.
Alan Grimes looks back at you, Walter, as you're walking away from him.
If you turn back, you see a single tear is falling from his eye.
I honestly, I don't know that you were my son.
But I thought of you as my son.
I'll see you at the end, dad.
I don't want that loser going with me.
Why don't you go into the caves and Alan Grimes just stands there and kind of shook, not wanting
to offend anyone, but clearly not wanted by either group.
Yeah.
Go into the caves, you feckless, perhaps sunless piece of shit.
Jesus Christ.
Well, I've got a cube to launch.
I can't deal with this shit any longer and I certainly can't deal with you.
I don't know, but based on my memories, I am not, I don't think I am a good person and
I don't know if I deserve to leave.
All right.
Well, why don't you go fight that worm monster single-handedly and let the rest of us get
the fuck out of there.
As you're saying that to each other, he is walking back down the trail away from you
all back toward like calm.
That affects Martin in no way.
Walter feels really, really sad for the first time ever.
It fills you.
These emotions are running wild within you.
I like get down, like drop to my knees and I actually start to cry.
And actual tears are pouring from your eyes.
Watch your electronics.
Walter, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's okay.
He wasn't, it sounds like he wasn't really your dad or something.
He, I don't, I just, I don't know what to think.
I, there's just so much going on.
I just can't compute it all.
It's...
Roger's going to try and comfort you.
I mean, there's this kid crying in front of him.
Charles Digby only knows how to comfort things in one way, which is patted on the head.
Like his pet cat.
He's like, it'll be okay, but he does like a pat on the head and he's like, Hey, Hey,
Hey, it'll be okay.
I've got a little bit of persuade.
Is there a role that I would do to like comfort somebody?
So psychotherapy would be comfort.
I don't have any of that.
You got 10%.
I got 10%.
Let's fucking do this.
Okay.
I quit.
Smack him on top of the head.
Bad.
I failed.
Also.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Slap yourself together.
Yeah.
He like hits me in the head and I just get down.
I pat you too hard where it's like not comfortable.
I'm just like completely prone facing the crook of my elbow crying.
Pooper Tino, fuck that guy fart and pooper Tino fucking got him.
We fucking got him guys.
What's going to work teamwork.
That's from the wonder pets.
That's cool.
I need to hear stuff in the room that I know I'm going to edit out later.
Who's leading the charge into this cave.
I assume it's Roger Fairfield.
It's gotta be Roger.
He's a he meant about this game.
So Walter, you've just been consoled very poorly by two grown men.
When I was a scalped man, when I hear them walking towards the cave, I kind of just like
look over and for a split second I try to decide if I'm going to the cave or running
after my dad, but I realized I've made that decision.
I get up and there's like dirt and mud all over my face and I start following them into
the cave.
The cave opening is large enough for two or three people to go in at a time.
It's not too small.
There are a lot of caves around here in Missouri that the entrance to the cave is literally
like you dive in head first and your feet go in the air.
It's not one of those.
It's like the smallest cave.
Exactly.
Like the largest cave opening in the world.
This one, you can, you can easily like kind of a crab crawl on your, on your hands and
the palms behind you kind of into it and scooch on your butt into a pretty large opening immediately
where you hear the drops of water and the distance.
And besides that, you hear nothing.
This cave system is moist.
Do we have mites and tights?
It is much colder here.
You got mites and tights for days.
Far more tights than mites at this first opening area.
So you're kind of dodging them with your mouth and making sure that no of the drip drops
get in your grill as you, as you scooch down in.
But then you can kind of stand up and you're standing on this.
It kind of looks like a tongue almost the way that it is like going in texture or shape.
It's both, I would say it's both, it's smooth and wet and there's a line down the middle
and you can kind of like put one foot on each side as you move forward.
And the light behind you is the only thing guiding you for now.
Do you guys have any lighters or anything on you?
I'd assume Charles Digby might be a smoker, but that's just an assumption.
Yeah.
Because he went to be incognito.
Exactly.
He smokes a lot.
I put my arm out like this.
Like what?
Forearm phasing up, palm up.
And I like touch in the crook of my elbow and my eyes light up a little bit and it projects
some light.
Uh, that doesn't happen, but you think it does as you put your finger there, then let
me do something else.
Do I notice?
You guys look over and is he like holding still and he's like doing it.
You guys look over and Walter is holding his thumb over the crook of his elbow and he's
like blinking really intensely and he's confused.
Hey bud.
What?
What?
Are you, what are you doing there?
This should be working, but what should be working?
Never mind.
I look at Roger and I was like, this kid's got some fucking screws loose.
There's something wrong that's certain.
We gotta take care of him.
You guys have like a flashlight or a lighter or anything?
I whip out a little Zippo.
Yeah and the Zippo is enough in this like pitch darkness to expose a large opening ahead
of you and there it, it gets smaller and smaller and the distance about 25 yards away.
And then there's another opening down there and you, uh, you see there seems to be a path
laid out from here to there.
Almost like people have been through here before.
I'll lead the way and I hold the lighter kind of in front while guiding them.
I'll follow.
Same.
And as you're going forward, you notice that you're now only lit by the slider.
When you turn back around, you see no natural light coming from behind you.
Guys, there's, didn't we just come from that direction?
I don't, I don't see, I don't see the, is there wind kicking in that's making the flame
go a certain way or is it still air?
It is still air.
Some of the stalactites must be in the, blocking the light.
Let's just forge on.
Yeah, let's press on I guess.
Yeah.
I think Roger right now is a little bit maybe wondering if he read the map right, but he's
still going.
So you guys go into this next little opening and there is a slide down.
It's a, there's a bunch of different rocks and stuff, but it's been smoothed out over
time.
There seems to be water trickling in this area just to your left and just to your right,
but there's a rock kind of stairway leading down a little bit and you notice that you're
now in a room that is probably 40 yards by 40 yards and at least 40 yards high as well.
And you're like up at the top currently looking down into it.
And earlier you said that there are signs that this is a used pathway.
People have been here, yeah, for sure.
I say, I'm, I think, I think we're going the right way guys.
There's, there's, there's signs that people have been through here.
Everyone has to be down here.
Let's, let's keep going.
Let's go.
Do you guys think Rollo will recognize me?
Without your hair.
Without the hair.
Oh yeah.
How's that?
How's that feeling?
Feels bad.
There's not a lot of skin up there.
So you guys make your way down into making our way down to making your way down into
this part of the cave in your home now forever.
So you guys get down this little like rock kind of stairwell and you realize your clothes
are getting muddier and muddier.
It's much cooler now than it was when you were out back in the woods.
Obviously you're in a fucking cave, roughly 52 degrees is what I'm thinking Fahrenheit.
I was just watching a formula, it doesn't matter, but I was watching drive to survive
the formula one Netflix show and they were like, yeah, it's fucking hot.
It's 32 degrees.
And I was like, ah, Americans, we're idiots.
Whoops.
Anyway, so you guys make it down and it is for our international listeners.
That's 11.1 degrees.
Yeah, it's like 11.1 degrees Celsius and thank you, Luke.
As we're wandering around and passing the time, I'm like, Hey bud, why do you, do you
think you're a robot?
Cause no, no, no.
We need to, if he's going to be with us, we got to know what's happening upstairs with
him.
He's right.
Were you trying to do something?
Were you pressing into your arm?
What were you doing?
I'm not supposed to say, I think you should say, I saw whenever we were in that meeting
room together, you like shut down when someone touched under your chin.
What was that?
I, my dad, he's your, he's your not dad.
My dad made me, are you talking about Alan made you?
Yeah.
I am.
We're pretty sure now that he isn't your dad.
Is that, isn't that right?
I mean, in a way he is, but I'm, I was never born.
When you said he made you, did you mean that in the way that you mean that he made you?
You think he made you?
I know that he did.
He built you.
He built me.
But I don't, I don't think that's, I don't think that's right.
I don't think he built you.
I don't think a robot could cry like you did back there.
Well, I came to this Island to see if I could pass as real.
So I guess one good thing out of this is that it worked, but you are, you are, you are real
Walter.
You're, you're not a maid thing.
You you're cyborgs aren't real, but then I'm not real, but you are real.
And I, uh, I want to pinch his arm.
You can feel that, right?
I was programmed to feel, oh boy.
When you got touched under the chin and you shut down, what did that feel like to you?
I just black out or sleep, I guess.
And sometimes I just can't move well from our perspective.
You just closed your eyes, but what did you think happened?
I shut down.
I, my dad made me and there's, there's more of me.
He was going to sell me.
And you get hit with a memory from before you were at calm, comfy campground.
You're in a cage and you're in a warehouse and it smells, it's fucking musty.
Like a junior high locker room that was abandoned over summer break.
This warehouse is filled with these cages, cramped, rusty, covered in a layer of condensation
due to the humidity.
And each cage has a kid in it, roughly your age.
And there must be hundreds of you all stacked three cages high, separated just enough to
limit physical contact and walking through the maze of cages and this vile warehouse
is Alan Grimes, followed by a few men who are hanging on his every word.
Some are orphans, some were collected from the streets.
Others had parents who were more than willing to trade them for drugs.
And that's where the learning center comes in.
These kids have no place in this world.
They do not exist.
And they could, therefore, be extremely useful to each of your organizations.
Uh.
You all right, Walter?
Is he like completely dazed out right now?
It feels like my mind is broken for a second and then I have to get back to Alan.
And I start like clawing at the wall, like jumping and clawing at the wall.
And the camera zooms out as we see Walter Grimes just clawing, mud, pulling up in his
nail beds as he's trying to get through this wall.
And we see Charles Digby and Roger Fairfield just take a step back and watch.
And you are now in this even larger room.
You can roll search if you want.
I do.
Search or survival?
Search.
I'm gonna do search.
Success.
Uh, success.
I success.
With all of you succeeding, you each look around and the stairs that you just took down
here that kind of like carved out stairs that made you think that this has been traveled
before are no longer there.
And it is just a smooth slide that goes at like an 11 degree angle straight up and then
surrounding you on the other side are equally tall walls about 40 yards high and you are
lit only by this very still flame that is casting each of your shadows onto these walls
surrounding you.
But is there no, no break in the walls anymore?
Roll Sanity.
Uh oh.
Uh oh.
Seven.
This seems fine.
Uh, 14.
I'm fine too.
Yeah, you guys just can't see it.
Oh shit.
Then yeah, you guys are fine.
You just can't, you just can't see it right now, but you just haven't found it yet.
It's no big deal.
Oh.
Uh, yeah.
Roger is going to start running his hand on the nearest wall and going in a perimeter.
Yeah, it won't take long.
We'll find, I'll find it eventually.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
We're kind of like, Oh, I feel like since it's so, is it just like pitch black except
the lighter?
Exactly.
Have you guys read yellow wallpaper?
The short story?
A long time ago.
Yeah.
This is reminding me very much of this.
So I will just cut to a scene where the three of you are all like conga line style basically
with the lighter in front, holding your hands up to the wall.
Exactly.
And as we pan out, we see that the handprints that have been going around this room have
been going time and time and time and time in memoriam and you've made smooth hand prints
all across this wall repeatedly for who knows how long.
Holy fucking shit.
Fuck.
What's Martin Cupertino thinking as he leaves these three, four even, and heads above the
cave off through the opening in the trees?
Nothing in particular.
He's just completely, he doesn't have a single doubt about his own rightness.
And then all of a sudden, as you're walking, you just stop because you run into a wall.
Literally.
It's like there's a wall in reality.
Yeah.
I can see like forest through the other side, but I bulk it.
Yeah.
And then as you like reach out for it, you can tell that it is this like energy that
you can't quite move through.
Okay.
I would like to meditate and get in tune with this energy.
Full power.
23 on a 50.
After a short period of meditation, you open your eyes back up and you can very clearly
see where this wall goes up and looking up behind you, you see that it creates a dome
over the sky above you and you're on the very edge of it now.
And just to your right, there's a little opening where there is no energy.
I'd like to walk through that.
As you walk through the opening, this headache that you didn't even realize that you necessarily
had just dissipates and you feel free for the first time and you don't know how long.
And you do exactly what Thomas just did, which was exhale and like roll your eyes back in
the head.
Pleasure.
Okay.
Martin immediately takes out his 90s cell phone and he calls the secretary.
Bring bring bring bring Cupertino's office.
Why do you sound like Jack Russell?
Cupertino's office.
Cupertino's office.
You know who the fuck this is?
What fucking year is it?
Oh my God.
Martin.
What year is it?
It's 26 years ago.
Everyone knows that.
He takes a deep sigh of relief.
Perfect.
I'm still 26 years in the future.
Well, 26.3.
That's what I've calculated.
It's cube about to launch.
It hasn't been postponed yet, but is it ready?
Yes, it's it's going to launch cube and send me a fucking helicopter.
Hey, you won.
Yeah, I've never done that in a dream.
Roger Fairfield, Charles Digby, Alan Grimes and Walter Grimes, you're all sitting in a
half circle in the meeting room about to have orientation and a man walks in wearing a white
button down shirt, gray slacks and black dress shoes and he sits at the chair in front of
you and he says, hello there everyone.
My name is James and I am the executive director here.
Welcome to calm, comfy campground.
Oh, what the fuck?
Fuck you, Zach.
What the fuck?
I don't understand.
I feel like Clark could benefit a lot from this, but he doesn't know it.
What's up everybody?
It's Zach.
So the world is pretty wild right now.
Before I address how we're handling it here at pretending to be people, I just want to
say we wish you all the best during these unprecedented times for me personally, yesterday
COVID-19 hit a bit closer to home than I'd have liked.
My dad had just finished a 14 day quarantine after coming into contact with someone who
is Corona positive and the symptoms hit him like a truck on day 15.
This thing is real and it fucking sucks.
Please stay home, wash your hands and if you're young and staying safe, please offer to make
grocery and pharmacy runs for the older and immunocompromised in your lives.
We can make it through this mess together.
I know it's hard to stop touching your face, so maybe wear gloves that you've dipped into
spoiled milk and let dry in the sun.
Maybe that.
So we are currently waiting on the rest of our equipment to come in the mail so we can
begin recording remotely.
We've never done this before, so we might be taking a week off to figure out the logistics,
but my hope is to put out this Q and A episode Friday, April 3rd.
So post those questions on the thread in the subreddit ASAP and as for our patrons
over on Patreon, I will make an announcement once all our equipment is in and we have everything
set up and we know what we're actually doing, but we are so looking forward to making your
patronage really worth its belt size.
For those of you who don't know, I work as the director of human resources and community
outreach for a small business that owns five bars and I bartend a couple nights a week
as well for extra money.
The main thing I did was plan big events.
But even with all this shit, I'm not as worried as I probably should be.
These moments of crisis bring out a compassion and empathy in people that is so heartening.
So if you have the ability, please take this time.
Reach out to an elderly neighbor, Venmo a friend who's in the service industry, Zoom
with your family and friends and let them know how much you love them.
There are three more story arcs left in this campaign, and I am so absolutely fucking stoked
to see what happens.
I love you all, thank you so much for listening and supporting the show.
Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.
