Yesterday, I ate a whole bucket of long-deceased crab.
Now y'all know I like to dive right into a slop bucket, putrid or otherwise, but something
about these weird ocean spiders got me feeling nasty.
But not Wolf the dog nasty, just regular diarrhea nasty.
What does not make me feel nasty is broadcasting live from 694.2 PTBP, the only radio station
that is also in the past and the present and the future at all times, but also sometimes
none of them.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Daisy.
If you want to write up something for y'all wolfy to howl, tag the show at Pretending
Pod on Instagram or Twitter, or write up a 5-star review on Apple Podcasts and email
us at PretendingPod at Gmail dot com.
That way you can be like Daisy here.
They write, Hello to everyone in contention and beyond.
Thanks to the weird time stuff going on in contention, Texas has gotten a signal to y'all's
best and only radio station, 694.2 PTBP.
I've been listening for a month or has it only been a few days?
Contention is so weird with its time.
Well, I would just like to take this time to say thank you to Wolf the dog, his producer
and all the people who make this radio segment possible.
Sincerely, Daisy, sending all the love and trash in Texas.
Well, damn, thanks Daisy.
Well, uh, you can keep the love, but I will gladly take your trash offering with glee.
Also remember, we've got a new project for our citizens of contention over on the subreddit.
We are going to write a Delta Green scenario as a community.
Over the next few months, we'll be having prompted writing contests to find the best
meaty chunks y'all can muster.
We'll use each round's winner to inform the next prompt until we have enough juicy morsels
to make ourselves a narrative feast.
To get in on this tub of greasy love, head on down to reddit.com all slash pretending
to be people.
The deadline for submissions here in round one is August 22nd.
Show us what you've got and vote for your favorites to help us choose the winners.
Hey lovers, did you enjoy that bonus episode we released a couple weeks ago?
The one where the boys played Lover in the Ice, the infamously mad fucked up Delta Green
scenario written by Caleb Stokes?
Well, that was just part one of a three part series.
You can find parts two and three over at patreon.com slash pretending pod.
There's a link in the show notes.
As you become a Splashylvania Fastpass holder, you'll have access to our entire playthrough
of Lover in the Ice as well as 10 other bonus episodes.
Wherein we play everyone is John the End of the World, Magnum Vice, Fury Force, more Delta
Green, and Kala Cthulhu's original scenario, The Haunting.
You can also listen to the session zero for season one, during which the boys create the
town of contention and discuss character ideas.
And uh, next up on the Patreon docket, some fucking human named Justin is running roll
for shoes in the Den of Sin, August 29th at 7pm central time.
Again, hit that link in the damn show notes, why don't ya?
Speaking of notes, mine here in front of me are all dusty, but I'm pretty sure they say
it's time for the news.
Last time we learned a little about all the good Silas and Mary Cole are doing as the
head honchos here in contention in 1880 something, and then we met four fresh faces of four fine
folks whose lives are about to be turned completely upside down.
Everett Pace, a wily old coot, was lurking around his homestead when he heard a noise
out by his late wife's grave.
Hollering, he ran off the missing Miss Kitty, who was digging with her hands over the burial
site while mumbling to herself.
Jack Pearlman, oh, after overhearing some folks at the saloon spilling tea about Silas
having a teenage girl out on the property of the new mine, trotted home to find one
of his steeds on the edge of the river Styx while a slight humanoid figure bolted toward
the tree line like a wild animal.
Professor Horace Green tried to get some shut eye, but the drunken miner's conversation
next door bled through the walls like lace.
He couldn't help but overhear the slurring about the missing gambler being last seen
having a bit of a shouting match with Silas Cole after finding something unusual down
in the mine which he referred to as living oil.
And finally, Judge Ephraim Courtland, after finally spilling out into the world, recalled
a peculiar statement made by a recent inmate wherein the madman claimed Mary Cole to be
inhuman.
Judge Courtland then headed to the courthouse, which had been stripped of its copper wire
in the night, leaving the building without electricity to the judge's bewilderment.
Tartally, he loped to the church for the town hall meeting about the recent disappearances.
But staying right here forever is my ungodly ability to keep bringing the heat week after
week until you're weak from these sweet, sweet elite beats.
It's the Creek Rocks with Can't You Hear Them Wolves Howlin'
Can't you hear them wolves howlin' All around my poor little darlin'
All around my poor little darlin' I'm afraid they'll get my darlin'
Can't you hear them wolves howlin' All around my poor little darlin'
All around my poor little darlin' I'm afraid they'll get my darlin'
Can't you hear them wolves howlin' All around my poor little darlin'
All around my poor little darlin' I'm afraid they'll get my darlin'
Justin, what do you think you would do for money if you existed before 1900?
Oh, before 1900?
Yeah, like roughly in the 1880s somethings.
Shit.
Shovel up shit I guess.
Because I'd be worthless.
Aww.
I don't know, I'm a big dude. I guess I'd be like some kind of manual laborer or something.
Yeah, we would be in charge.
Oh yeah, I'm strong so I'd beat people into submission.
You could do like bare knuckle boxing.
Yeah, we'd box.
I would be the foreman and Luke would be the person I am mean to all the time.
I would be the boss because I can't do manual labor.
Is that how that works immediately?
No, I'd be a grifter for sure.
Just like flouting from town to town, changing your name.
Quick, what's your name?
John.
Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt.
Wait wait wait, what is it now though?
That guy's like holy shit, that name is my name too.
Oh, nice to meet you Casey.
Luke Shelton here, nice to meet you.
Ooh, no, can I change my answer?
I can't, can I? It's too late.
Too late?
Never mind, go on, go on.
Terrible, man.
Joe, what would you do before 1900?
Would you be a barber?
Oh, could you be a barber?
No, I don't know how to cut hair.
I mean, I could.
I don't know how to be a foreman, but I'm going to.
It's the 1900s, dog.
There's no rules.
It's the 1800s.
The 1800s.
I could learn how to cut hair.
I was going to say, I mean, like a bartender or like a...
Well, the three of us would literally be giants.
Because we're tall?
They weren't, they were short back then?
Yeah.
They were, they were like four foot tall back then.
Hobbits.
I'm almost positive.
When was football invented?
Would we all just be on a football team and like decimate everyone in our pads?
Ooh, can I change my answer?
I want to play baseball in the late 1800s.
I'll teach them how to play if it's...
Oh, nice.
Was it 1870 something?
We're going to teach them how to play baseball.
And it's called Joe ball.
Yep, Joe ball.
After Joe mama.
Are you a first Joe's man or a second Joe's man?
Or do you play third?
Third.
Joe.
I'm a Joe stop.
Home Joe.
Home Joe's man.
If you, if like you were sent back now to like 1880, what could you actually invent?
And like...
Oh, like everything.
Oh, nothing.
Nothing for sure.
I was looking up recliners.
Recliners did not exist in the 1880s, so I think I could invent a recliner.
You could probably figure that out.
I would just do all sorts of music.
I would, for some reason, the first song on my mind is Higher by Creed.
I think they would love that.
You know what I think would legitimately probably go over pretty well is like any stomping music,
like Little Lion Man.
By Stomp?
No, like what, what's, who does Little Lion Man?
Trash can fellas?
No.
Oh, you're talking about Mumford and Sons?
Yeah.
Stomp, stomping music.
Stomping music?
Yeah.
They stomp their feet along with all the songs.
They didn't have a drummer, Thomas.
The lead singer just had a kick drum and that's it.
Is that a true story?
Is that part of their origin story?
Who did that song?
The Ho Hey song with stomping and clapping.
The Ho Hey?
What is that song or what is that band?
You know, like, Hey, they do that a lot throughout the song.
Isn't that Mumford and Sons?
I don't think it is.
The Lumineers.
I was a freshman in college in 2010.
I remember this time very well.
I had the Lumineers album on my iPod for sure.
Hell yeah, dude.
iPod touch?
No, iPod, the big one that held the most.
I don't know.
With the big roundy?
Though with the big roundy, yeah.
Could it play videos that were real tiny?
Like pornographies?
I didn't have any videos.
Did you put any dirty films on your big iPod?
I had explicit music on there.
When were you guys allowed to listen to explicit music?
I was never like not allowed to.
Did you have to hide it?
I just like wouldn't.
By the time that was a problem, I was just downloading everything I wanted.
I listened to a lot of classic rock until
LimeWire and then that's when I got all my stuff.
My parents bought me the Coolio album that had Gangster's Paradise on it on cassette tape.
We were listening to it and it's one of those rap albums that has a lot of skits
and they cuss up a storm in the skits.
I do remember my mom saying something like,
I wish we would have just gotten the soundtrack to Dead Man Walking,
which is where that song is from, instead of this whole Coolio album.
Holy shit, that's so good.
I had a three CD disc changer.
I specifically remember at one point in time, it had Mercy Me,
which was the Christian band who did I Can Only Imagine.
It had that album, it had Linkin Park reanimation remix,
and it had The Bends by Radiohead.
Ooh, good mix.
Interesting.
That's a mix, eclectic.
What year do you think that would have been?
2004?
2004?
Mine would have been just classic rock.
Oh, you're one of those people?
Yeah.
In 2004, for sure, mine would have been,
I think I was still, that would have been the tail end of my Zeppelin phase.
I would have been Led Zeppelin, AC DC, and just one that changes.
My dad's a big John Denver fan,
so I didn't get into classic rock until School of Rock came out.
I was in the only good music is weird, heady, underground rap
that I no longer listen to,
because it's not always the most fun thing to listen to.
Like Eminem?
No, like borderline fucking spoken word sometimes.
Like late Jay-Z.
Or like Tupac, are you going really underground?
Holy shit.
Oh, Joe.
I didn't mean it that way.
I didn't mean it that way.
I was trying to think of another big rapper.
He is alive.
I don't know if you know that.
Joe couldn't have meant it that way,
because he has sheltered Tupac for a few months in his loft.
He's like, I know Tupac's fucked.
That's why we're not allowed over there.
I try and bang the door down,
and Joe started hammering up barricades over.
Quick, Tupac, run!
What's he saying?
Does he have an E.T. in there?
Joe, you got E.T. in there?
Is that E.T.?
Joe's like, yeah!
It's definitely not.
It's an E.T.!
It's an E.T.!
It's not anything else.
It's not Mr. Shakur.
Oh my God.
It's Biggie!
Fine, it's Biggie!
It's 3Pac!
We're gonna have to cut all this, I'm sorry.
Just those last two.
Really ramped ourselves up for the Old West mood here.
So today is the day that is taking place currently.
So this will be the day after Everett's interesting evening,
after Horace Green's attempt at sleep,
and after Jack Perlman's night of fun.
So, Judge Ephraim, Courtland's day that we dove into.
Who's gonna be at the town hall meeting on time?
Not me.
Yeah, I don't think I would either.
I think Everett would be there on time with the night that he had.
Was it mandatory?
Oh right, the disappearances.
Yeah, Horace goes.
I'll be there but not on time, for sure.
Okay.
Rough night.
Sorry, I'm still thinking about how Joe harbored Tupac from,
you know, the Illuminati or whatever.
Or whatever.
Myriad.
There it is.
Luke and Justin, take your headphones off.
Okie dokie.
Oh my god, are you drinking a Coke?
Like a straight Coke?
Yeah, it's Coke Zero.
Nice, no calories.
Dr. Pepper 10.
It's only for men.
That was so fucking weird.
That was a terrible, terrible marketing campaign.
Thank god it backfired.
No joke.
Am I headphones off?
No, keep them on, please.
Okay, bye bye.
The dusty church's pews are full and the air is thick on this humid summer day.
Sweat is dripping down the skin of all in attendance.
And the smell in here?
Foul.
Thankfully, this is a lunch meeting, so the sun isn't shining directly through the windows,
but the shade just lends itself to the wetness of the air.
Bobby Custard takes his place at the pulpit and begins speaking before the unruly crowd
simmers down.
Alrighty there folks, settle down, settle down.
As you all well know, we're here today to discuss the recent happenings regarding the
disappearances of all them saloon folk.
First off, does anyone have any information here to bring forward?
Everett from the back, he's still kind of tottering his way in and he hears the tail
end of that.
Yeah, I reckon I could shed some light on something that's going on.
I got some information.
Oh, Mr. Pace, yes, of course.
Round last night, I reckon the moon was high up there.
It must have been two in the morning or something.
There was a ruckus out there by the tree line.
There's something that means a lot to me out there.
It's where I buried my wife.
There's a gasp through the crowd.
Everyone's, there was somebody out there digging and it bothered me.
I walked up on and it was Miss Kitty.
And I was trying to tell her that they were looking for her.
And then she looked at me and then she just took off running in the woods.
I hollered after, but you know, I can't keep up with anybody these days.
And I don't know what happened after that.
Y'all have a good day.
And he starts walking out.
Oh, no, no, no.
Hey there, uh, Mr. Pace, please, please stay.
If you clearly have some sort of information.
And as Bobby is trying to trying to keep you in here, you see Thuro Sexton, who you know
as the night watch at the cemetery stands up, hat in hand.
Um, I, Everett, I thought I was crazy, but the fact that you said that makes me feel
okay saying this here now today here in front of everyone and go.
Last night, I scared off that Miss Kitty from digging up bodies in their own cemetery.
And when she ran off, I swear to God, I mean, sorry, preach.
I, I promise I Bible swear.
I swear.
I don't know.
I, I, I'm telling truth.
She had three corpses on her back and she ran off with them heading down south.
Miss Kitty's a grave robber.
Is that what you're trying to?
I don't know why she was going for so many bodies, but she clearly needed more than three
and must have headed down to your property there, sir.
I'm deeply sorry.
Thank goodness.
She didn't, she didn't get down in that hole deep enough.
I was able to put some earth wrap back on there.
She didn't get deep enough.
You must, you got her.
I would have never expected Miss Kitty.
Was she on hard times or something?
I think she's been gone.
She, she always had the money to live her life.
I often will go to the, and then he looks down and you see his wife looking back up
at him with huge eyes and he's like, I mean, I, she, I don't know.
Oh my goodness.
I did not expect this much information to come out so soon.
Like much appreciated from the both of you speaking up like this.
Jack, what horse are you riding on your way in?
Same old, same old Jeremiah.
So these two fucking gorgeous steeds are taking these two men of very opposing distinctive
features toward the church house at the exact same time.
And Jack Pearlman and Judge Ephraim Courtland arrive almost simultaneously.
I kind of look over Ephraim and kind of nod to him.
God damn it.
Ephraim gets off his horse and just looks at him and starts walking towards the meeting.
I like tie up my, do you tie up a horse?
We'll say yeah.
You tie, tie up my horse.
You got to tie up that horse.
Otherwise any old random groundhogs can come up and they're scaring off around there and
take off without a horse driving around.
Exactly the words I would have also used.
Same.
I give Jeremiah a good little pet and head on in following the nasty man.
Spits on the ground.
The doors bust wide open to the church and you see the towering six foot ten, 300 pound
of disgusting flesh falling from itself.
Presence of Judge Ephraim Courtland spit on the ground as he walks in to the church with
Jack Pearlman, a much different hotter figure, following right behind.
This man's sexy.
All the men and women in the audience, the congregation, the town congregation, we're
in a church, it's not a service, whatever.
They all become green with the sight of Judge Courtland and then immediately blood rushes
to certain spots and especially cheeks when Jack Pearlman walks into the church.
Okay, so you're saying, you're saying that we got Miss Kitty just living around here.
Oh, hello there Judge.
Um, I was just asking to see if there's anyone who had any sort of information to bring forward
about the disappearances recently of the saloon.
My copper wire got stolen.
Can't turn the lights on.
That's why I'm here.
And the judge is just standing in the aisle and everyone's just kind of looking at him.
Uh, okay.
Is that, I'm sure, do you want me as like Sheriff, you want me to take care of that?
Get it.
I can't turn my lights on.
Okay.
That'll be the first thing that we take care of after this.
Yeah, no, what the hell else are you talking about here?
That my secretary told me to come here because of my wires.
Thought that was what this meeting was about.
About the disappearances currently.
Well, and he sits down.
There's like the pew.
He just like scoots someone over and sits like right next to the aisle.
Rhubarb, rhubarb.
Jack Pearlman, I'm assuming was kind of like with him upon entering, but whenever he started
mouthing off and yelling, he kind of just like scooted sideways kind of a way to the,
the back of the, the church to kind of listen and not be associated with him at all.
Yeah, makes sense.
Professor Horace Green, any, uh, just like what's running through your head?
Horace Green is just reading a book.
And that, uh, yes, no, we'll definitely take care of that.
Sure.
As, as soon as we're done here, first thing that I look into for sure, but we're talking
about these disappearances and that is what we need to discuss now that we've got, uh,
Satan's last night of Ms.
Kitty out and about.
Grave Robin.
Kitty was grave Robin.
I seen her with my own two eyes.
Uh, yes.
And, and, and I too says thorough Sexton who's the nightwatch, the cemetery.
What'd you ever, what'd you dig up?
What'd you see her dig up?
It was three old, old bodies.
I run her off before she could get anything of mine.
Who was it?
Who'd you dig up?
Yeah.
Who, who'd you get from the cemetery over there?
It was, uh, Sally Jensen who, as we all know, pass God 30 years ago now.
Mitzi Frankenship, who unfortunately left us 34 years ago.
And Rebecca Feinsteem, Feinsteem, Rebecca Feinsteem, Steem.
I can't pronounce it.
It's a lot of consonants all in a row.
It's S T E I N F P F I E M P Z F.
I don't know how to say that, but she died 37 years ago.
She, she taught me in school.
I remember I had to spell her name.
It had every letter of the alphabet.
I'm sorry for your loss.
I tried to get to her, but, um, I'm a heavy sleeper.
So some of his kitty disappeared him or what?
Uh, yes, just seemingly.
So Ms. Kitty did come around and, uh, and it was taken by, she took three before she
headed off three from the cemetery for she headed off up to the pace place.
She must've dropped off them bodies somewhere along the way.
Cause she didn't have them.
When she came up to my place, what was she doing there?
She's trying to dig up Claire's grave.
Okay.
Let's go get her.
Go get her.
What?
You know where she is?
I figured you might.
What are we even here for?
If you don't know where she is, pardon, pardon, pardon me, judge.
But what do you mean by let's?
I mean, us, it doesn't really look like you're in much shape to get
anybody much less join a horse riding posse.
Ephraim stands up and points his gun at, at Horace.
Oh my God.
Speaking, I'm speaking as a biologist, sir.
You've seen me ride my horse.
You know, I can ride around.
I don't believe I have seen that, sir.
My mistake.
Shut the fuck up.
Let's go get her.
Shut the fuck up.
When judge says, shut the fuck up.
You see that, um, Bobby custard just puts both of his hands in the air.
Well, you guilty.
Oh, holy shit.
Oh my God.
It's going to kill everyone.
He's got mad monster.
It's just, it's the baddie.
Fuck.
And I holster my gun, get my flask out, take a drink of it, put it back and just sit down.
And the whole crowd goes.
And Jack Pearlman lets off of his pistol grip.
Like he had professor green starts nervously smoking a pipe.
Totally.
Okay.
Completely.
Okay.
No one bats an eye.
Everyone's down for it.
They enjoy the smell.
This is healthy for the nerves and invigorating for the lungs.
Everett this whole time has seemed unaffected by the whole situation is more confused than
anything else.
So are we, you know, where she is or we're going to get her.
What's going on?
Does anyone know?
Thorough is standing up again.
Does anyone know where she is?
Everett?
Where did you last see her?
She is running off in the tree line of the past behind my house.
I mean, south.
How long ago?
It was, it was last night.
I think it was about two in the morning.
I just made that up, Zach.
I don't know if that matters the time.
No, it was three in the morning.
It was late at night.
I didn't have my watch on me.
Perhaps the judge would like to lead us in searching for her trail out by a tree line.
Everybody roll spot hidden.
62 on a 65.
41 on a 45.
76 on a 40 fail.
I fail at 97 on a 45.
I'm a dinosaur hunter.
All I do is spot hidden bones.
That's my character.
Joe and Justin, take your headphones off.
Professor Horace Green and Judge Ephraim Cortland.
Around this time, you notice a man standing in one of the windows watching the proceedings
take place.
You recognize him immediately as Silas Cole.
This man has made contention what it is today.
He is the reason that the mine is profitable.
He is the reason that there's electricity all throughout the entire town.
He is the philanthropist making sure that children have education.
Him and his wife, Mary.
He's five foot eight.
He's got messy, dirty blonde hair.
His crooked yellow teeth and bright green eyes that are sunken in, but they're also
bulging a little bit.
And he's just paying very close attention to everything happening from a back window
of the church.
Uh, I run outside to go talk to him.
I'm gonna come after him, follow, see what the professor's up to.
Do I have time to talk briefly in private before the judge can ooze his way forward?
Yeah, let's do a little contest.
I believe there are some breakdowns in athletics in this game.
And so...
Oh, nope.
There are not.
I was completely wrong.
How would you run fast in this game?
Fast talk, but with your legs.
Pilot your own self.
Jump.
It's like a video game where if you jump, fast.
All right, we'll just use dexterity.
So roll a dexterity contest against each other.
Fail.
49 on a 40.
Fail.
73 on a 60.
Okay, so you're both going to make it out at the same time?
Stumbling over each other.
Yeah.
With Courtland leaving, there's a breath of fresh air inside as you both kind of bail
outside.
Yes, now the smell of Judge Courtland has dissipated from his region.
And you make it out there and you see that Silas Cole is this man.
Just these massive eyes.
He's holding a ladder.
And right next to him, he has odd looking mechanical devices with some sort of like
wooden planks going off from a middle point on his body.
No, no, no.
On the ground next to him, he's got like three or four of these devices, essentially,
that have some sort of motor in the middle and then these planks coming off from them
and around his shoulder like a lasso.
He's got copper wiring.
Oh, well, Ephraim, we might have solved your problem.
He's wearing huge pants.
So he's wearing both suspenders and a belt.
Well, a chill runs down Thomas's spine.
As any beans getting in the mix can only mean trouble.
No, no, no.
This is Silas Cole.
I know, but clearly.
Mr. Cole, as you may know, I'm Professor Horace Green, and I sometimes pay your men to bring
me any fossils they might find in the mine.
I'm concerned about...
Why are you concerned?
One of your employees, Thomas, a young man who would bring me fossils.
I haven't been able to find him today, and he told me he had found something quite special.
Have you heard anything about Thomas?
Did anything happen to him in the mine?
No, he's completely avoiding eye contact with you.
His eyes are bugged out, looking at the ground, kind of looking at your feet.
And then he looks straight up at you, and he's like,
No, I don't...
Looks back down.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Did you create these devices?
Yeah.
I'm something of a man of science myself.
Could you explain the principle to me?
It spins.
I'll show you if we go inside, but did you...
This Thomas fellow, what do you know about him?
Well, I know he was a gambler.
Uh, I'm worried someone might have hurt him for his gambling debts.
Do you think that's why he's gone?
It could be, Mr. Cole.
Why do you think he's gone?
Probably the same reason that you said just now.
Indeed.
In all candor, Mr. Cole, I had heard you were quarreling with Thomas
the day before his disappearance.
Interesting.
What was that quarrel about?
He was down, uh, he didn't do his job.
And you see Ephraim's like just finished packing some chew into his lip,
and he lights a hand-rolled cigarette.
He walks over to Silas and just grabs the copper wire off his shoulder.
Okay, so first off, I need psychology.
Yeah, go ahead and roll psychology.
Should have a points into that.
A 90 on a 10.
I got a lot of weird skills though.
43 out of 10.
Um, yeah, he wasn't, he wasn't doing his job right.
We had words, I'm glad he's working for you,
because he's not working for me now, obviously, because he's gone.
And then Judge Ephraim grabs the copper wiring or goes to,
and Silas Cole puts his opposite arm on the Judge's shoulder
and looks straight up into his eyes.
And you see these wild green bulging eyes looking at you.
Are you sure that you want to do that unless you're helping me?
Because it seemed like maybe you're not helping.
Your lights, your lights stopped working because it looks like you took my copper wire.
I would do no such thing.
If your lights aren't working there in the courthouse,
then I can get that working for you.
But these are for the church currently.
So please either help me carry them inside or release them.
Okay, when can you get them to mine?
I need it like now.
I can't do any work in the dark.
You're not there now.
And so let's go inside the church first.
Uh, Ephraim blows some smoke into his face,
grabs the copper wire and heads back into the church.
Horace Green, um, chews on his pipe a little bit
and blows some smoke into the air and turns around and goes back into the church.
And Silas Cole doesn't make a fucking move
the entire time either one of those actions are taken.
Let's bring the boys back.
Courtland and Green, do you want to describe in order
how you arrived back into the church?
Ephraim walks into the church, smoking a cigarette,
spits some chew spit on the ground and he's got copper wire over his shoulder
and he just throws a copper wire onto the ground and just kind of stands there.
Horace goes back to where he was sitting and opens up his book again,
but it doesn't really look like he's reading it now.
Cole's here.
And as soon as Courtland, Judge Courtland says Cole's here,
the doors bust open to the church and a skittish man looking at the ground in front of him
kind of seeing the copper wiring on the ground immediately starts collecting it
as he's pulling in these four odd contraptions you've never seen before.
Some sort of motor in the middle and then wooden planks coming off from the sides.
Silas Cole is five foot eight with messy dirty blonde hair.
He's got crooked yellow teeth and these bright green eyes that are sunken in
but also bulging at the same time.
And he's wearing huge pants.
He's got suspenders and a belt.
Holy shit.
Yeah, no.
Yeah.
Sorry, preacher there.
You're good.
Carry on.
I'm just gonna go ahead and hook these up for y'all.
It's pretty hot in here.
And this is the new one and kind of like holds a thumbs up.
Do we do this yet?
You guys get this?
Oh God, Zach.
You really do need to watch Dark.
I can't wait.
You found your wire.
No, he's got...
He said he didn't steal mine, but he's gonna help fix it, I hope.
Silas, do you know where Kitty is, Miss Kitty?
Silas Cole has already set up a ladder in the middle of the aisle and is all the way up
and is hooking up the very first ceiling fan that's ever existed here in the town of Contingent.
And he looks down at you and he's like,
I don't know who you're talking about.
We're all here because of some missing people.
Why didn't you come to the meeting?
Maybe you know something about it.
And Ephraim walks over to the ladder
and puts a hand on it and kind of like menacingly looks up at Silas.
I don't know anything about any missing people.
I'm just here to provide circulating air for the entire townsfolk here while I have contention.
Air's not good enough here.
Being right above you, the smell is not pleasant.
You hear a little harumph from Horace Green.
Ephraim just keeps staring up at him and he finishes putting in the first ceiling fan,
comes back down the ladder.
Are you like right at the base?
Like not to where he can't get down but where I'll be like right next to him when he gets down.
And then yeah he just looks you dead in the eyes with these wild crazed green eyes
and begins moving the ladder forward.
He runs the wire through real quick and sets it up and the first fan starts going.
And everyone in this room feels relief from this hot humid air for the first time.
And as he begins setting up the second one he looks down.
I don't think that the dearest appearances need to be looked into.
Personally, good riddance.
Contention's better off without those people.
That's not for you to decide.
That's literally my job.
Well, it kind of seems like we're here at a town hall meeting
to figure out what the next best move is.
Bobby Custard takes control once again and is like,
well yeah no that is about there they're right.
And you know with all this air flowing down I feel like it's about time to take a vote.
Oh shit that does feel pretty nice.
Hey when you fix up my lights you need to put one of these in.
Silas Cole looks at you.
I can make that happen.
We get to it then.
So nobody's looking into these disappearances?
I didn't even know about them until I showed up here.
I'm more concerned with that so.
Mr. Cole why don't you want us to look into these disappearances?
Completely ignores you.
And the crowd begins to continue to chatter and chatter and chatter
until their voices rise up meeting yours and your voice is lost as you say Mr. Cole.
Jack walks up to Bobby Custard.
Is it Custer or Custer?
Yep Bobby Custard.
And he walks up to him he's like you better get control of this crowd now
if you want anything to be done hand on shoulder.
I mean I think looking up at Silas Cole who's putting up the final ceiling fan in the church.
I I think we're good probably.
You're gonna tell me one of us goes missing.
A couple ceiling fans will do the trick you don't want to look for us.
As I say that I'm gripping him ever so slightly more aggressively.
Roll intimidate.
Uh do not pass.
Bobby just kind of like shirks off of you as Everett Pace approaches.
Bobby I I don't know much about what's going on here but if there's a grave
robber on the loose we're gonna have to stop that.
They'll just keep coming night after night taking all the bodies.
Horace is pushing his way up too.
Sheriff I overheard a minor last night um saying that one of the disappeared had been
arguing with Mr. Cole.
Now I seem to think he's he's got an ulterior mold of fear.
Don't just let these people disappear because he gave you some fans.
Ephraim's looking up at the fans and then looks down and sees
these three talking to Bobby and waddles over there.
Now I I it's not that I'm not doing anything because there's fans here it's just that
I'm not doing anything because people don't seem too upset except for maybe the three
of you and if if we don't know where this person who clearly disappeared and then somehow
came back.
If we don't know where to go after her then I don't know what you expect me to do.
Well it sounds to me like she's got something in the woods there.
She had three bodies.
She didn't have three bodies when I saw her.
She dropped them off somewhere between here and there.
We got to search around between here and there.
And that's what Judge Courtland hears as he approaches.
I forgot about this damn body sir.
Sheriff what are you planning on doing about about that?
Because you know you got to do your job so I can do mine.
He looks over all of your shoulders at Silas Cole.
Thanks Mr. Cole we certainly do appreciate it here.
I I slap him like with my walking stick in the shin when he does that.
Now I now I certainly don't want to step on any toes here of the man who essentially
owns and runs this town if you guys catch my drift.
But if you happen to have plans aka Mr. Pace going down to the woods trying to find a spot
in between the two spots I'll certainly come with you if if you if you if you require my
assistance but if we could keep it on the down low from Mr. Cole clearly I think that
would be the best course of action.
So maybe don't all stand around here all at the same time.
I get it yeah.
Jack turns around and just starts walking out puts his hat back on his head or whatever.
Not all at once but let's pretend like we're dissatisfied and after Jack's gone away like
a little bit then the professor turns around too and he's like he looks like he did not
get what he wanted from the from the sheriff.
No I I promise I'm doing my job y'all just need to you know calm down about the whole
situation.
Uh Ephraim looks at Everett and looks at Bobby he's like I don't see any reason to piss
him off till I get one of them fans so uh yeah.
And then I make a big show of spitting on Bobby's shoes and slowly turn around and
walk off.
Bobby looks directly at Everett Pace.
He didn't have to he didn't have to spit on my shoes like that.
Everett grabs the preacher by the shoulder and pulls him in real tight close to his ear.
We're gonna find that grave robber and if something happens to Clara's grave before
we do it's you that I'm blaming.
And he starts walking away.
Nice.
Sick.
Fuck yeah.
What a creepo.
Oh I love Everett Pace.
What a horrifying creature.
You guys all made dope characters.
Big fan.
Horrified of what you're capable of.
As characters you're curious as to the the uh the thoughts.
I think Everett is kind of on the surface right now.
He's he's worried about his the grave on his property there and uh you know doesn't
really know what's going on.
He kind of removes himself from the town's affairs normally so
it's just that this ended up on his doorstep.
Horace typically wouldn't care to get involved either but he can't resist a conundrum.
Courtland didn't expect to get wrapped into any of this he just wanted his
lights on and but he he really does love stringing up a
a criminal so he gets excited at the thought of catching one.
Horrifying.
Jack Pearlman probably was uh less invested before he got pissed off by
Judge and Silas Cole kind of just being assholes.
Which is funny because at first he was pissed off at the Judge for being an a jerk to Silas
Cole and that he was way more pissed off at Silas Cole implying that they should do nothing.
And it kind of lit a little fire underneath him as a citizen of contention.
Under his little butt.
Under his little hot buns.
Under his tight little butt.
So yeah he I think he would he's definitely he's a little on fire right now like he's like angry
but it's trying to direct trying to direct it in a way to do something instead of just
punching somebody.
Maybe a change of pace for old Jack Pearlman.
I love Everett Pace with all my heart.
And uh I think Jack Pearlman and Everett Pace are gonna get fanfic'd together.
I can predict it already.
Ship him.
Ship him.
Yeah we're both you know we both are living alone on our.
Your couple's name could be Jace.
Oh.
Jevret.
Or Earlman.
Pervert?
There it is.
Pervert.
Nailed it.
Nice.
As the crowd dissipates from the church and heads to their respective daily goings-ons
you see Silas Cole walking down south to the new mine where they've set up shop after the one
a little bit west of there has finished up.
Started a new dig site further south.
And the four of you kind of reconvene with the sheriff, the preacher, Bobby Custard,
and Professor Horace Green steps right up.
So father sheriff when when do we go looking for for Miss Kitty?
I mean are y'all free now?
Yes.
Since we have the daylight it seems like if she's out there robbing graves it seems like
a scary time to maybe look for her now but you know by nightfall maybe we'll have a better
sense of where she's heading and then we'll be able to catch her in the act if you will.
Perhaps hopefully we see I feel like the daylight is the less scary time to look for the grave
robber and we would like to find her before she commits the act again you know ideally.
Is that not what I said?
I don't think so.
Okay you were very smart and I agree.
Let's go.
So if we if we were we gonna go look in the woods for her or?
Well I tell you my place is right there.
The cemetery is right there so let's go right there.
And I point I just like drew a line between the two and pointed to the middle.
Well if we're gonna look for her now I'm I'm okay with that has been a while since I
uh left anything on Ruth and Cassie's graves so.
He's gonna softball it in there like that?
It's my wife and daughter.
Fresh graves you say?
I ain't got no tracking skills but I'll help maybe maybe not who can say.
Oh oh tracking skills that's what we need anybody got any of those?
I know but I can spot hidden things and I can
navigate and I have a great understanding of the natural world.
Ah the natural world that's something I know about too.
Yeah me too.
You know perhaps we need to dig or excavate uh to solve this grave robbing mystery I.
Sheriff now you must uh surely be.
I'm finding myself less and less knowledgeable about the natural world
and more and more knowledgeable about tracking.
That's what I was hoping you'd say.
You you're uh you hunt quite a bit don't you Sheriff?
You seem like you might join us on Midian Adventure here in the future.
Of course it's his job to guide lost souls through the wilderness.
Yeah we just decided that you're an expert tracker.
And that nice raccoon that raccoon hat you're wearing you
must have got that from tracking and trapping it.
And he just pets it and then he makes a purring sound for it.
I hate that I stopped doing that.
I'll probably find an ending in there somewhere.
Hey by the way Sheriff you got any new people I need to on the docket I should look at?
I didn't have time because the the lights were off.
No no the episode's over now okay.
Stop it.
Stop rolling with it.
I'm off the clock.
I said I met that acting.
We normally don't do outros.
That that that this was episode 91 of pretending to be people.
Oh yes yes y'all come back now you hear?
🎶
🎶 Can't you hear the wolves howling 🎶
🎶 all around my poor little darlin' 🎶
🎶 all around my poor little darlin' 🎶
🎶 I'm afraid I'll get my darlin' 🎶
🎶 Can't you hear the wolves howling 🎶
🎶 all around my poor little darlin' 🎶
🎶 all around my poor little darlin' 🎶
🎶 I'm afraid I'll get my darlin' 🎶
🎶
