Welcome to the Bone Zone, my babies!
It's your sexual guru, Walt the Dog,
and I'm here to make sweet love to the radio airwaves live from 694.2 PTBP,
Contentions' naughtiest radio station for hot Christian singles in your area.
I'm starting to have those weird dreams again, y'all.
The newest batch was wild.
I went to the coffee shop in my dreamland
and proceeded to ask for the oldest and stankiest grounds,
as is my custom.
The coffee attendant denied me my rightful treasures,
so I started shaking them violently.
The head fell off,
and 42 snakes erupted from the hole where the head once was.
The snakes all started chanting in unison and calling me The Reginald.
I cried, but instead of tears,
little tiny baby wolf started pouring out my damn eyes.
All the baby wolf started doing a dance
and raised me up to the damn heavens,
where I proceeded to become a god.
And then my teeth fell out and I had sex with my dad.
Wait, who is my dad?
W-was I even birthed?
If you can interpret anything from these,
please reach out and be my Joseph.
You know your Wolfie loves a coat of many colors.
Seriously, what do these dreams mean?
Tell me at PretendingPod on Twitter and Instagram,
or tag PretendingToBePeople on Facebook, why don't you?
Or how about you write us a five-star review on Apple Podcasts
with your analysis of my fancies.
And maybe I'll read it on the show,
like I'm now about to read this five-star review from Ram Oden.
They write,
Flat Earthers believe that we live on a cosmic Frisbee
that God threw at the beginning of time.
I assume Wolf the dog will be there to catch us at the end.
Much love, y'all are delightful.
Thank you so much for putting this out.
I listen to dozens of podcasts and this is one of two
that puts the numbers in me on a weekly basis.
I don't get to play as much as I'd like,
responsibilities and all,
but I'll be handling for the first time this weekend
and you've inspired me to move ahead with it.
Also, we'll be introducing the luck mechanic mashup
into standard Delta Green for a bit more pulp.
I will say again,
I do not know what the fucking internet is
or what the fuck a podcast is,
but I definitely know when someone's being a sweetie to me.
Thank you, Ram Oden.
I hope whatever it is you're doing is fun as hell.
Speaking of fun as hell stuff
and things that are on the internet,
you should check out the pretending to be people Twitch
every Tuesday and Thursday, 8 p.m. Central Time.
Justin has been hosting stuff,
making everything run and look nice.
You can find that at twitch.tv slash pretending pod streams.
I heard some of them other pretending pod friends
are gonna try and jump on with them when they can.
One more time for the people in the back.
8 p.m. Central Time, Tuesday and Thursday,
twitch.tv slash pretending pod streams.
And if you are jonesing for even more
of this sweet PTBP content,
head over to patreon.com slash pretending pod.
Support the show financially
and gain access to hours of bonus material.
Most recently, including a fully edited episode
of Zach running the boys through Carla Cthulhu's The Haunting.
And for patrons in the Denison,
we will be live streaming
the behind the scenes recording process
for part two of Lover in the Ice on Tuesday,
May 26th at 6 p.m. Central Time.
You thought the Denison at Glasses Compound was gross.
Come watch our dumb faces while we play
the filthiest scenario Delta Green has to offer.
Something, something, something.
It's time for the news.
Turns out Drew wasn't Drew.
Some of y'all were paying attention.
Councilwoman Carrie pages in the body
of Drew Andrews was handcuffed, ankle cuffed
and tossed in the trunk of the red Mitsubishi
where she still resides.
But the car is hidden off the side
of the highway on the outskirts of contention.
These dumb ass ex cops were keen enough eyesight wise
to spot some sort of entry checkpoint
at contention's only exit.
Keith Vigna snuck past a growing grazing gazer
sitting in a dunk tank in the parking lot
of Hotel Motel just watching for something.
But he completely missed Keith Vigna making his way
back to the gang with his treasured McGuffin,
his father's watch.
The whole rest of the episode was these goobers
taking turns wearing this cursed object
and seeing visions.
Well, gear up for more of that.
Then strap down and throw your hands in the air
because it's time for Kudzu with No Backbone.
["No Backbone, No Backbone, No Backbone"]
Hello, all you wolf pups out there,
listeners of this show here on 694.2 PTBP.
Welcome to Pretending to Be People.
I am your handler, your keeper, your GM, your narrator,
your idiot god, Zach.
Thankfully, I am joined today by three of my dearest friends
and three of your dearest player characters.
That's right.
I've got the contention police officers here.
What up?
Yeah, yeah.
That's it.
Thanks for hanging out.
It's been Pretending to Be People.
See you next episode.
Like and subscribe.
It's just like not a lot's going on right now, so.
Yeah, sign up for the Patreon.
No, I mean, what people like about this podcast
is that you get to read between the lines
and kind of draw your own picture.
So this was really a fan service episode.
Giving the people what they want.
It was a little, you know, it's a little over the top,
a little cheesy, but I think the true PTBP fans
are going to love what they just heard.
Yeah.
We're out.
That was episode 79 or 8, whichever one.
Thanks, guys.
Thanks for listening.
79.
We are in 79 now.
Hey.
That's more than I thought we were going to do by like 50.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm still having fun, though.
I've been looking forward to it all day.
Ditto.
All day.
If looking forward to it means nervous and scared
the whole time, then yes, I have been
looking forward to it all day.
We'll be fine.
I think everything's going to work out great.
If you want, we could just take it from here.
Oh, yeah.
If you could, I'd love to see that happen.
Yeah.
Cool.
So guys, you're standing in front of the Goo God.
Sure.
OK.
It's actually pronounced Gew God.
Yeah, we're not trying to get fancy here.
Also, this isn't your job anymore.
Oh, shit.
Sorry.
Kick him out.
So what you've deduced is that you just have
to hurt its feelings, and you win.
So if you can say something really hurtful about this Goo.
You're just dang old jiggly is all you are.
Oh, the monster screams in pain.
Hey, Goo, people think that you and I would get along really
well.
Whoa, no.
No.
I'm a loner.
It's working.
It's working, guys.
It looks like what else do you have?
Hey, Goo, this new fella I met over here
says that we look like brothers.
Oh, that's not bad.
He has a crush on you.
Yeah, the Goo apparently thinks Drew is not bad looking, so.
OK, let's actually start.
You guys are really close to winning.
I shoot it.
So we ended the last episode with all three of you
taking turns, putting on this watch, and seeing a vision,
and then the watch slipping off, and then putting it
right on somebody else.
I believe John Lee, Kevin Moore III just slapped it
right on Clark Bishop.
And then they were questioning John Lee.
Pettymore was like, if I put it on again, will it be the same?
But he asked it to the sky or something.
And then Keith Wigner was like, well, I'll just do it.
And so Keith Wigner slapped on the watch.
His eyes come back to reality as the watch slips off
into his other hand.
He won't give up that easy.
It took me so long to catch what you said.
I had to match the rhythm of his belly with my head.
That's a DC Talk lyric.
So just a lot of rap, this one, just a lot of rap
lyrics on this one for sure.
So Keith Wigner's got the watch, the throne,
and I need everyone to roll sanity with your dice.
Even me?
All of yas.
It's a 0 slash 1 sanity check.
2.
I got a 30, which means I don't pass.
I rolled a 2.
30 on a 15.
I failed a 68 on a 16.
And 68, what's that look like on your power there?
Yeah, it's above my power.
Well, let's see what happens literally right now
as you lose one sanity, as does Keith Wigner.
Keith Wigner, when this watch pops off,
you just let out a little scream, which
you realize in this moment is the only noise
that you can hear because contention
is wildly quiet compared to the last time you were here.
If you'll remember, last time you heard lots of animals
in the creek and in the ponds and such,
and you can't hear that right now.
All you're hearing is just this, ah, from Keith Wigner
that is echoing.
And then you think it might even bounce off
of that big floating moat and bounce back at you.
It's echoing through contention.
And Clark Bishop.
He sees Keith put that watch on and then take it off, right?
That's where we're standing right now.
I'm going to try and tackle Keith, and I'm yelling,
why would you put it on again?
Why would you put it on again?
Keith, are you trying to put up a little resistance there?
Yeah, I'm going to try to just get out of his way.
OK.
I'm going to, yeah, and I'm going to try to help Keith.
All right, so you can roll to assist,
and it'll give Keith a plus 20 on his roll.
What should I roll on?
Dexterity or unarmed combat or athletics,
whichever one's highest.
Doesn't fail them all, 76.
So what am I rolling?
You're going to roll dodge to get out
of the way against Clark Bishop's unarmed combat.
60 on a 30.
I rolled a 61 on a 70.
I beat you by one, right?
I still failed.
Oh, I got you.
Clark, you can do whatever you want,
but John Lee Pettymore tries to grab on to Keith Vigna
to pull him out of the way and just literally just grab shirt.
You're still wearing the massive polo, I believe?
No, way too big cargo shorts.
Oh, super tight.
The polo's a little too small.
Yeah, and so as you grab his shirt,
it's so tight on his skin, you can't quite.
And Clark Bishop.
I tackle you, and I'm kind of like trying
to pin you maybe to the ground, and I'm
trying to get the watch out of your hand and get it away.
And I'm just like maybe bashing your whole back into the ground.
Why did you put it on again?
Why did you put it on again?
So as Clark Bishop is screaming this and he's on top of you,
I'm going to have you roll an unarmed combat or a strength
to avoid taking some sort of damage here.
Let's see.
OK.
17 on a 65.
So that'll be enough to allow you to cover
the back of your neck and the back of your skull
as he's just hitting you in the ground.
But he does get a hold of the watch,
and he throws it into the grass nearby.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
What are you doing?
I just.
I scramble to get it done.
Knowing that the watch is away and I've pummeled you
into the ground a few times, my eyes kind of relax,
and I stop maybe doing it quite as hard,
but I'm still kind of jostling you.
And then my hands are moving to your chest,
and it's a little more like, I am, I am, I.
And he gets to his feet and goes and kind of walks
away embarrassed, but doesn't say much.
Clark is walking away embarrassed
as Keith is on the ground.
John is standing right next to you all with the watch in hand.
Yeah, he has his back turned to that
after he sees that Clark is settling down
and he puts the watch on.
I knew this episode was just going to be this.
Oh, the watch tent you crave.
Oh, Lottie, Lottie.
Goodbye, my boys.
Hello, Thomas.
Hi, Zach.
Well, the familiar reality channel changing
has still unsettling, but you know what you're getting into,
and you're standing over a man's body,
and he's face down in the dry crack dirt
you've seen him before.
The smell of piss.
Same man.
Yep, same man.
The smell of piss and shit wafts through the humid summer air,
and looking down the road to your perceived destination,
you recognize your hometown of contention.
Back to the body on the ground,
your hands are trembling as you roll him over,
a dead man in his mid-20s, stiff as a glass of moonshine,
dressed in the fashion of the day, which is the late 1800s,
and a trifolded piece of parchment
falls out of this deceased man's jacket pocket.
It's a job advertisement for the contention mining company,
and it reads, we is hiring able bodies,
readying untapped sight.
Plenty of work.
Hesitate not.
That's crazy.
If I hadn't accidentally heard the end of the episode
with Luke hearing that, it would have been a big reveal.
John Lee Pettymore III slips this watch off,
and you see Keith Vigna.
What are you doing on the ground?
I had the wind knocked out of me,
so I'm just trying to catch my breath
and slowly get back up.
When Keith is back on his feet, I'll turn him back around.
Keith, I'm sorry.
That watch is freaky.
I don't know why you would willingly just put it back on.
I just needed to get more info, and I got what I needed,
and I look over at John.
You see the watch slipping off his hand,
and he turns around with kind of a wide expression.
Did you see the same thing?
No.
I mean, you remember the dead man and the vision?
Yeah.
This time, a note slipped out of his pocket.
I saw the same thing.
Written in the same crazy grammar as the initial...
Yeah.
We used striking torches.
Hesitate not, that one?
Yes.
Yeah, it had the same sort of thing.
It had we is and hesitate not.
If I wanted to recite that to you,
it would sound like this.
We is striking when the land gets darkness.
Readying torches, hesitate not.
I meant the one I just heard.
We is hiring able bodies.
Readying untapped sight.
Plenty of work.
Hesitate not.
Cool.
And you found it on the old-timey guy, too?
Yeah, I'm afraid I did.
Yeah, I saw that same thing the second time I put it on.
Joe, what do you see?
Clark, what do you see?
And I slapped a watch on his hands.
Oh, OK.
Are you willing to let that happen?
I mean, I think Clark is in a state
that he wouldn't be ready for it.
He was already apologizing and embarrassed
and talking to Keith.
Sucker watch.
Reality begins to blink and flicker in a now familiar
but still unsettling way.
And you're standing over a man's body face down
in the dry cracked dirt.
The smell of piss and shit wafts through the humid summer air.
And looking down the road to your perceived destination,
you recognize your hometown of contention.
Back to the body on the ground, your hands
are trembling as you roll him over a dead man
in his mid-20s, stiff as a glass of moonshine,
dressed in the fashion of the day, which is the late 1800s.
And a trifolded piece of parchment
falls out of the deceased man's jacket pocket.
It's a job advertisement for the contention mining company.
And it reads, we is hiring able bodies, readying untapped sight,
plenty of work, hesitate not.
All righty.
And the watch comes off of Clark Bishop's wrist.
I want to catch it and put it on again.
All right.
Let's see how many of these fucking things Zach prepared.
Luke and Joe, take your headphones off.
He goes to catch it, and it slips onto his wrist
accidentally.
All of a sudden, you're looking at Bean's pond.
You see Tilde B. Mitchell walking slowly backwards
away from you toward the water.
She does not stop as she backs into the small neighborhood
pond, and she continues in steadily
until the water rises above her head.
And when she is gone, the channel of your reality
changes, and you are sitting at the bar in a tavern.
Behind the bar is a mirror, and you see your reflection.
Your eyes are wild.
You recognize your thick hand-stitched clothing
from the dead body you found on the way into town.
The barmaid refills your glass.
So you're the new miner in town who wrote ahead
looking for a room?
You look in the mirror again.
You see your reflection.
Still, you give a nod to the alewife.
Well, welcome to contention, Silas Cole.
Oh, shit.
I got chills, baby.
You guys have to put this watch on again.
This episode sucks.
And you guys see?
And you guys see?
Oh, no.
And you guys see the watch slip off of a John Lee Betty
more than their sand?
And he instantly slaps it on Clark's hand?
God damn it!
OK, bye.
Take your headphones off, Luke.
We're playing a closed game.
Joe.
I love it.
Yeah.
Ugh.
I got to put the same amount of, like, gravitas into each one,
right?
So we can see your faces with this new method.
And Thomas's faces with whatever you were describing was great.
You're looking at Bean's pond.
You see Tildy B. Mitchell walking slowly
backwards away from you toward the water.
She does not stop as she backs into the small neighborhood
pond.
And as she continues in steadily,
the water rises above her head.
And when she's gone, the channel of your reality changes,
and you're sitting at the bar in a tavern.
Behind the bar is a mirror, and you see your reflection.
Your eyes are wild.
You recognize your thick hand-stitched clothing
from the dead body you found on the way into town.
The barmaid refills your glass.
So you're the new miner in town who
rode ahead looking for a room?
You look in the mirror again.
You see your reflection.
Still, you give a nod to the alewife.
Well, welcome to contention, Silas Cole.
Oh, holy shit.
And you guys see the watch slip off of Clark Bishop's wrist.
I look at John.
He's just wide-eyed, and he's nodding at you, like, right?
Right?
What did you guys see?
Throw it on him.
I slapped it on Keith.
God damn it.
OK.
We should make pretending to be people slap bracelets.
We will now, yeah.
The watch slap bracelets.
Also, we should experiment after this one
if, like, if we all hold hands, we can experience
these visions at the same time.
You know what?
I don't have that written anywhere,
but it sure would help.
All right, Lukey.
OK, let's hear it.
You're looking at Bean's Pond.
You see Tildi B. Mitchell walking slowly backwards away
from you toward the water.
She does not stop as she backs into the small neighborhood
pond.
And as she continues in steadily,
the water rises above her head.
When she's gone, the channel of your reality changes,
and you're sitting at the bar in a tavern.
Behind the bar is a mirror, and you see your reflection.
Your eyes, though, are wild.
You recognize your thick, hand-stitched clothing
from the dead body you found on the way into town.
The barmaid refills your glass.
So you're the new miner in town who rode ahead
looking for a room?
You look in the mirror again.
You see your reflection.
Still, you give a nod to the alewife.
Well, welcome to contention, Silas Cole.
Ooh.
I take the watch and put it in my pocket.
We were binging that watch.
Did you guys...
Did you guys...
Were you guys Silas Cole, too?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's fucking crazy, right?
You want to try it one more time?
Kinda.
If we all hold hands,
do you think we might experience the vision together?
I mean, it can't hurt.
And I hand the watch over to you
and grab your hand and Clark's hand.
I grab... I complete the triangle.
All right, I'm holding both your hands.
Somebody has to put this watch on for me.
I put it on his wrist.
Just clasp it.
Thank you.
And then grab his hand.
Okay.
At the same time,
At the same time, all of your realities begin to sort of fade away and warp,
and it's dark.
You can barely make out the silhouette of a hooded figure
lurking in the shadows of this confined space.
But light floods in, illuminating a decrepit and haggard Clark Bishop,
clutching a book made of some sort of uncured leather,
blood dripping from its spine.
The visibility is due to the opening of this empty tomb.
In walks a tall, gaunt creature with translucent skin
and stretched out limbs wearing a black suit.
Hello, subject 1-5-2-2-5-1-8-1-9-5-5-1-8.
Please give me the book.
After a beat, both figures sprint towards each other,
only ten feet apart to start,
and a blinding light cleanses the interior of this mausoleum
before you see Keith Vigna, Clark Bishop, and John Lee Pettymore the Thirth
carry in the casket of Ari Manstein,
set it down gently, exit, and close the door of the tomb behind them.
And the three of you step back away from each other.
Ah, I mean, I preferred the episodes in the main timeline.
That was fine.
What the hell does this even mean?
I think everybody roll Sanity on that one.
Oh, fuck.
Seven, hell yeah.
Oh my god.
What'd you get?
An eighty-seven.
That's so for my power.
I got a one.
No way!
Yahweh.
Hell yeah.
Yahweh, our lord.
Luke and Thomas, take off your headphones.
Oh no.
First, lose one Sanity.
Did that.
I'm at fourteen now.
Congrats.
Thanks.
Clark Bishop, as you back away, you notice that there is ooze that is dripping out of
the nose, eyes, and ears, and a little bit out of the mouth of John Lee Pettymore the
Thirth and you see that it has somehow wrapped itself around like coming down his arm and
it seems to be dripping from both of his hands and looking down you kind of see that it's
on your hands too and it's on Keith's hands and you seem to have just been connected just
now by this black oily viscous ooze and as you back away it drips off your hands and
onto the ground and some of the stuff that's a part of John Lee Pettymore just drips from
his face he doesn't seem to notice that it's on him or in him and as it collects on the
ground you look down and it begins moving toward you and then you blink and you can't
see it anymore.
Oh shit.
While they're away, can I ask you, can that be part of my reaction to the over the power
thing?
Yes.
But the deal though is that I have to inflict harm on someone so I can't just run away from
it, right?
Nope.
Does it have to be one of them or can I lash out like at the thing that I think is the
goo that is no longer there?
You can lash out at the thing that's there.
Okay.
Absolutely.
Okay, cool.
Yeah.
Cool.
Uh, yeah, I'm going to rip a piss too.
Cool.
I'll tell Luke he can come back so we can hang out.
They both went to go take a pee, but I didn't want to be alone.
I'm going to go pee too then.
Fuck.
All by myself.
Don't want to be all by myself.
Hey, here's Thomas.
Don't want to be.
Hey, Joe, while Zach's not here, tell us what you saw.
He just described a real pornographic scene that he had seen earlier today.
It wasn't even story related.
Wow.
Was it good?
It was all right.
He liked it for sure.
The way he described it.
Yeah.
What brand was it?
Genre.
I don't know what the...
Gucci.
It used a lot of inanimate objects.
It was, it was odd, but tasteful.
The three of you step away from each other and Clark Bishop's eyes widen.
Clark is wide eyed, wild, and starts backing away and he starts slapping your guys' hands
and then stomping on the ground really hard.
It's here.
It's here.
It's here.
It's here.
And he's kind of running away and he's pointing at the ground and stomping at the ground and...
What is it?
What's here?
What's here?
It's the goo.
It's the goo.
It's the goo.
It's the goo.
And he's like stomping around.
I can't see it anymore.
I can't see it anymore, but it was here.
It was on you guys.
Wipe yourselves off.
Wipe yourselves off.
I start spitting on my hands.
I see that and I think that's a good idea, so I start doing that.
Are we near any water?
Let's look.
No.
So you guys are just east of Hotel Motel on the map of contention here.
I see them spitting on themselves or whatever, but I'm like, Clark, you're just freaking
out.
It's not here.
We can't see it.
You can't see it anymore.
It's fine.
We're fine.
You guys.
You were covered in it.
You were covered in it.
It was on the ground.
It started moving toward me.
It started moving toward me.
Clark, in life, you're going to be covered in all kinds of goos, just at different times.
So I mean, just take a deep breath, wipe yourself off, you know, crack a cold one.
That's what we do in convention.
Do you have a cold one?
Do you have a cold one?
We can pour it on ourselves.
We can pour it on ourselves.
Do you have one?
I slip the watch back into my pocket.
Thank God.
I thought you were going to slip it back on.
I mean, we'll keep this for later because it could tell us something, but man, I think
we ought to get to the pond.
I kind of want to do it one more time.
I'm staring at their, like, demeanors.
Are they okay now?
Yeah.
I feel fine.
Oh.
We were not okay when you saw.
Okay.
Gotcha.
How much sanity do you guys all have, Carious?
Fourteen.
Twenty-five.
Fourteen, twenty-five, and fourteen?
I'm at fourteen, yeah.
Haha.
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
So yeah, you're a Cyclops for sure because twenty-five sanity, you're the kind of person
that people walk on eggshells around, but fourteen sanity is more like people are noticing
because you're more almost, I mean, you're on your way to being, like, primordial back
to a time where beings like us didn't worry about morality.
I think we, let's get back to the, do you think we should walk there, get back to the
car, or, what do you think?
Where is the pond?
Oh, right by Maggie Cook's house?
Yeah, it's way further south from us.
We're pretty far away from it.
Well, we parked the car where we parked it because we were gonna come across a big checkpoint,
right?
Right.
Yeah.
Is there a way to come into town from, like, the south part?
The south part?
No.
I mean, there's roads that lead south, but, okay.
Can we loop around somehow, like backroads and stuff?
You could easily loop around and go around backroads, however, at this exact moment,
you hear a voice that is coming from just south of you guys.
There's a small neighborhood.
Did you just see it, Luke?
Sorry, I just tagged Luke in an Instagram story, which you should all watch.
Oh, that's so stupid.
That's great.
You were doing it for so long, and I caught you when you started to get normal again.
You can go to our Instagram, at pretending pod, or our Twitter, at pretending pod, or
our Facebook, pretending to be people, to see that short video of Luke just really getting
in there.
Behind the scenes during the recording session.
You can tell how much I'm just focused in.
How clued in.
Locked in.
Okay.
I mentioned before how quiet it was in contention, but you don't even realize, like, when you
hear a truck that is close, literally a block away from you guys, it is the loudest thing
in your ears currently, is this truck in the distance, and then you hear it, like, pull
to a stop, and when it's idling, it's so much louder.
This person is not taking care of their truck.
When you hear a holler, all right, come on out of there, Randy.
We can do this the easy way, or you can disappear.
How much worse can it possibly get?
You don't want to give daddy a shot?
He can go back and fix everything back to normal.
We need more bodies, Randy.
Oh, shit.
It sounds like they got Randy Anx told up in there.
They're about to be in a world of shit.
Can we recognize the voice?
What would be a social, let's have a, is there charisma in this game?
How long have we been playing Delta Green?
Three years?
There is, uh, Persuade and Humant.
There is indeed charisma.
Oh, charisma is one of the, is that one of the top ones?
Yeah.
The base stats, yeah.
Yeah.
Who's got the best charisma?
I've got six feet.
I have 75.
Nice.
That'd be Luke.
Wait, what the fuck?
Keith Wigner.
That's how I talk about it.
Yeah, you've been roleplaying that really well.
I think Keith Wigner is so charismatic personally.
Go ahead and roll on that 75.
He's no Ron Stampler.
Uh, shit.
I got a 99.
Oh no.
What?
Yeah, I had to make sure that it didn't say like 80 or zero.
It says 99.
Okay, well then here's the deal.
Luke, uh, Keith Wigner knows exactly who that voice is and it's Terrence Liquor.
And you know that Terrence Liquor-
From Liquors Liquors?
He owns the liquor store, which-
Liquors Liquors.
It mails envelopes for you.
That's Liquors Liquors Liquors.
Liquors Liquors Liquors.
There's Liquors Kickers, which is the shoe store.
At the gas station you can buy a Liquors Snickers.
Which is just Snickers from a regular Snickers truck that the Liquors family has like held
up and they're selling for 50 cents more.
Do they like tape something on to the label to make it different?
Uh huh.
His stand up is Liquors Bickers.
One L over the S N.
Okay, what's Terry Liquor doing?
Terrence Liquor.
What's his middle name?
Terrence.
Terrence Elizabeth.
Yeah.
Terrence Elizabeth Liquor.
Average height, dirty overalls, boots, trucker hat, long oily hair.
Always has a lip packed with chew and the scent of booze on his breath.
Oil stained hands and a ripped flannel shirt.
Thinks he's smarter than he really is.
Prone to flattery, short temper, questionable morals if it'll benefit him.
These are the things that Keith Wigner knows because Terrence Liquor and Keith Wigner do not get along.
Shout out to B. Crever on our Patreon.
This is the first use of an NPC from our patrons at the $10 level.
So thank you B. Crever.
Super cool.
For providing Terrence Liquor to me to murder.
So, uh, Luke, Keith Wigner had a run in with Terrence Liquor who's the owner of the Liquors Liquors.
I believe it was Liquors.
What is this, uh, what is this issue that you guys had?
He owes me three $1 bills.
They were your lucky dollars.
No, he asked him to make change at the register and he...
Yeah, he, I gave him a five. He gave me, he gave me two and he...
He wanted to give you 12 quarters, but you're like, fuck that, give me a $3 bill.
So I gave him a five, he gave me two bucks, shook up my Bud Light, handed it over and said...
Fuck you Beans.
Beans, Beans, Keith Beans, his only friends are figurines.
I was there not as a patron, but to check his liquor license and I wanted a beer at the time so I gave him a five, he gave me two, shook up my beer and...
I got beef.
Well, it sounds like we just need to apprehend him and we have grounds to do it.
When I, when I hear him yelling at Randy Angst, I just put my hand up to the guys and like, listen for a second.
I'm like, that's fucking tea liquor. Let's go get his ass.
Remember that $3 bill incident? That's him.
That guy that shook up your beer? Kevin burst out laughing.
John Lee Kevin Moore, just like laughs.
I know you're, uh, I know you're sore at this feller, but, uh, should we maybe scout the situation out first, wreck an order, see if we can't go in from behind and help Randy out?
If you want to, and I pull my gun out and start walking towards the disturbance.
Stay behind the tree line, Keith. Don't lose the element of surprise.
Yes. My face is like red and I'm stomping towards the noise.
I reach into his pocket, grab the watch and throw it on him.
He doesn't.
He doesn't.
Well, if you're reaching in Keith's pocket, you'll have to go, uh, you'll have to go dexterity.
Also, you got to find out which pocket it is in my cargo shorts and they're huge. So pick a pocket, any pocket.
You can go criminology. Keith, you're rolling against him with alertness or dexterity or athletics.
Okay. I'm going to roll criminology because now that I'm a robot, I'm less dextrous.
I got a nine on a 60. I got a 50 on a 50.
Well, tell us what happens. You can get the wall. You can get the watch out of his big ass pockets in my imagining.
He's so mad at, uh, at tea liquor that he's not really paying attention. I like kind of pay attention to him.
I see it happening. And before I can react, his hand is out of my pocket again.
And I point up to this guy and I say, look over there. And then I slap it on his hands.
Can I try to fight it slapping on my wrist? Yeah.
Yeah. It'll be another, uh, either dexterity or athletics.
50 on a 50 dexterity. Yep. That seems legit.
It is. Look. I don't know if you can even see that. Yeah. Oh wow. That is 50.
I can see there's literally no way Luke could have like found exactly on those dice that fast.
And Thomas, I assume that you can't beat that. No, I rolled a 24 on a 50. So I guess so I'm, I'm stomping away.
Well, that was a, that was a contest for you not to, to somehow make him not put the watch on you. So you get it right.
Already too far away. He grabbed it out of my pockets and I'm already, yeah, he's gone.
He's, he's walking. You, you're holding the watch. You tried to slap it on his wrist real quick, but he's walking away.
I turn around, like really exasperated and give Clark a side, but then I try to sneak it on his wrist.
On to my, on to Clark's wrist. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, I would like to contest that at that point. I'm looking at him as it happens.
Yep. Dexterity or athletics against each other.
No, I rolled a 97.
I rolled a 48 on a 60. I'm good. I just, I just, I just slap your hand away.
John, John misses again and very like exasperated. Like he just lets out a huge sigh and then slaps it on himself.
Yep. All right. Take your headphones off.
Well, Thomas, you got me.
Did we reach the limits of your preparation?
Well, I didn't have like a million things written down for what happens when you put the watch on over and over and over and over again.
It's like a whole episode of watchness. So here's what I will tell you.
You just want to make it easy on yourself and say the visions start looping. Like you're back to the door.
That's not fun. Here's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to tell you what happens and then I'm going to go in and rerecord a cool version of it later.
Sure, sure, sure. I'll react to what you're saying. Like it's the cool version.
Okay, perfect.
What a bright flash of light almost makes your eyes feel warm and then you see an abandoned warehouse.
Puddles have collected from rain and in them you can see the reflection of the moonlight pouring in through the crack and hole filled roof.
Three figures are standing near the wall and the shadows and their silhouette looks like a race podium or dug trio.
But the tallest figure looks massive like a human that has been stretched out.
Closer you see this lemmy suit clad translucent skinned creature hands a small manila envelope to the two actual humans standing before it.
A man and a woman. They open the envelope and inside there's only a small piece of paper with a hand drawn symbol.
It is a filled in circle encircled by six circles. Another bright flash of light engulfs your vision and you see James the mill worker.
Just James dragging two bodies. This man and woman you just saw across the floor of his house.
And then we see these two individuals from above. They're sitting lifeless at the bottom of a small man-made pit.
And you see a sort of time lapse of the bodies bloat and change color.
And then Clark Bishop falls into this pit and your vision is again consumed by light.
As it fades you see Chief Maggie Cook giving orders to a looming overweight man wearing an all black combat uniform.
And he has a large scar over his right eye.
Okay.
Can I just keep putting this watch on and seeing the background of all the mysteries?
Yes.
I mean I'm going to pitch that to the guys and break your little podcast wide open.
Good. We need to answer some questions.
But not too many and that's on you.
Hello.
Zach your shirt is very Star Trek The Next Generation.
Thank you.
That's Joe's least favorite Star Trek.
That was a deadly insult.
Would it be better if I had like all the way?
The buttons that were laying on your chest made it look like pips from Star Trek. That's what helped the illusion.
Oh. Whoops.
You forgot about your pips. You forgot about your pips.
Lattice.
Okay. So. Keith Vigna is just ahead of you guys making his way toward the Confrontation House.
Confrontation House. A new reality.
Keith House.
And Clark Bishop just ripped his hand away from John Lee Pettymore the Third who slapped on the bracelet onto himself.
I look wide eyed at you. Did you see something else?
Guys. Yeah. I mean. Keith! Keith!
We really need to be putting on this like this watch cause we're getting some good shit here.
I turn around and look at him and I'm like slowly walking backwards but I'm listening.
Well hey like remember when that robot feller attacked us in James the Mill worker's house.
You know the first time we met Randy.
Yeah.
Well so you wanna know why? Cause that's what I just saw.
Alright. Get this.
Why the robot attacked us?
Well why he was there in the first place. Alright check it out.
So. Myriad had sent two people out to like intercept James the Mill worker or something.
That part wasn't super clear but James dispatched them or came into possession of their bodies somehow.
But you know the two dead fellas we found at the bottom of that pit in James's house.
Yeah I remember them very well.
That was them and Myriad sent them and the next thing I saw was Maggie telling that robot fella to head to James the Mill worker's house.
And the impression I got was that it was you know going after those bodies. It might have been to go after us but that might have been a right place wrong time situation.
I've stopped in my tracks.
Anyway I just like it seemed yeah Maggie she sent the robot fella after us or after James.
And yeah it just seems like we get a lot of information every time we put this thing on so.
I'm pretty much team watch right now. Formerly team PETA.
I mean that's good to know but does it help us right now?
Well I mean I don't know if it helps us rescue Randy or beat up that fella that you don't like who made a fool of you with your with your beer.
But I remember why I was mad and I start stomping away again.
I touch him on the shoulder I'm like hold up hold up there's time for that there's time for that.
I don't know I think maybe we should go figure out this situation that that lies ahead of us right now.
But it just seems like we could really blow this whole mystery open by just repeatedly putting this watch on.
I don't know if you know God ever thought of that when he created such.
You mentioned that Maggie was she sent the robot to kill us?
She sent the she sent the robot to James the Mill worker's house. I think we just got there at the same time.
Oh gotcha gotcha not okay but those two fellas that were in James's pit they was dead myriad fellas.
And that robot had the myriad logo on it right? That's where we first found out about myriad.
You fell into that pit you didn't find anything on him did you?
Did I? Zach is nodding yes I don't remember what I found.
Me neither. I just remembered that it stunk down there because they were decomposing.
Which seems realistic.
You know two days ago when you fell into that pit of bodies did you notice anything strange or were you just horrified?
Overwhelmed by the stench of death.
One is a man one was a woman they had a piece of paper that had the symbol for the circle of knowledge on it.
Huh the cock.
Did you find anything on their bodies?
Yeah they were circle of knowledge members.
Two cocks.
That's right I remember.
There's one piece of paper with a hand drawn symbol and it was a filled in circle encircled by six circles.
Is there a chance I didn't know what it was at the time?
Yeah didn't we record that like four years ago?
You did so a little backstory refresher here you found that I believe you knew what the logo was.
The statue's bow tie flips the coffee table over so when you like touch the statue's bow tie it flipped the coffee table over showing an enormous stash of weapons body armor and a long black plastic tube the size of a baseball bat.
And then written in blood where one of the guns should be it said stop her and inside that big tube was a map of calm comfy campground.
And then if you'll also remember Gary Daley told you that he saw Maggie and James and a third person going into Chief Maggie Cook's house the night that the home exploded.
Yeah.
The guy that was with them had a big scar over his eye and he was wearing big black tactical gear.
Yep yep yep.
Cool.
So there's some dots.
Y'all like the ice cream of the future?
They're fine.
I've been dipping into them.
I get it I'd rather have ice cream every single time but.
Sometimes I'd prefer dipping dots.
It's fucking wrong.
They stick to your tongue weird.
Yeah because they're below zero.
I like it.
I like how weird it is.
Well you know what Keith's doing.
Uh okay.
That uh I don't think.
I don't think you have time.
So as you guys are watching Keith Vigna walk off into the distance after John Lee Pettymore the third explains this to you.
John and Clark. Clark is at a loss for words. He's trying to put the dots together.
Well all I'm saying is.
You guys moving or are you letting Keith go by himself?
I guess we gotta keep after Keith but uh yeah this watch just does seem like a real handy plot device.
Mystery device sorry case device.
However you personally wanted to find the situation we've all found ourselves caught up in.
John Lee Pettymore kind of has an ongoing narrative of his whole life just running his head at all times.
I'm at a loss because Clark would be kind of into the idea that John's proposing that we're hearing we're getting more information every time we put on the watch.
Clark would be very intrigued by that prospect but I think he's kind of scared of it too.
John I'm actually I'm kind of on board with this idea of exploring the uses of the watch but it I'm telling you I saw last time we put it on.
Sure.
The ooze it came out of you guys. It came out of you guys. I don't think it's all good. I don't think it's all good.
It may even it may even just be showing us something that who knows what it means.
None of it's we don't we don't know. And Keith's walking away. I feel like maybe we should take care of what's going on now.
Get to a safe spot and then maybe I don't know experiment with it or something. I don't I don't know. I just I think there's a chance it's unsafe.
Clark I think I think that's a damn smart point of view. And I was perhaps tempted by this this wrist siren and it and it caused me to lose focus on on what's in front of us.
And I think what we got to do now is keep Keith from getting his his damn self killed and we got to go help our friend Randy Angst.
For sure. And if you heard a siren I didn't hear that. But yeah we should we should get in there.
No I'm saying the watch is a siren. Yeah no I didn't I didn't hear a siren in mind either but we can go on.
Keith hold up we're coming. There it is. I look back behind him and I I look ahead of me and I just yell yeah we're coming motherfucker.
Okay there it is. So you guys are now coming up around the back of this house and walking up to a chain link fence that is the end of the property of this home.
And so coming from the backyard you hear the truck is in the driveway of this home that you're approaching from behind the backyard.
And looking through the windows in the back what's the highest alertness in the group? We got a 70. 60. Nice. Yeah.
But we're up pretty good. Like we planned on being cop characters. Yeah but what's your law though? 50. I rolled a 90.
You guys are looking in the back windows and you know it's got curtains and you can't really see in there's not much movement detected but the lights are on so you can't really tell what's going on.
But you hear this truck just idling in the front and you're not sure if tea liquor has made his way into the house yet or if he's still out front. Which approach do you guys want to take?
So I'm gonna go around the side of the house and peek then look at his truck and see if he's in there.
When I see Keith peeking I'm a little encouraged by his stealthiness. Keith what do you see? Yeah roll stealth Keith.
Oh good. What do you have? He has like a 10 right? Shit I got a 14 on a 10. Oh no! You're right there. That's so brutal.
You guys haven't passed this stealth check since you've been back to contention. Just a quick reminder that everyone knows. Does anybody have more than 10 stealth? Yes.
I got a 30.
So I am like trying to peek around the corner but. And you don't notice that there's this concrete drain that moves the water away from the house and you trip over it and you fall onto the driveway like the front corner of the driveway right by the garage.
And you look up and you're staring straight at this truck. In the back of the truck you see that there's a tarp slumped over the sides and there's water kind of splashing off.
And you see fish kind of like jumping up through it and in the back sitting in the water in this puddle that has been teemed you see an older man who has like super long hair and hippy dippy and you recognize him as manager of Subtropolis Jimmy Sanders.
How familiar are we with Jimmy? Yeah how did he feel about us before all this went down? Well it's your cousin isn't it? Yeah. He was the one who called in the oil spill. And he was older than me right? Yes.
So he's probably going to recognize John Lee Pettymore the third. Oh fuck I didn't even think about that. He would have been alive before. I'm picturing since we didn't break away I'm just picturing Clark and John have like moved up into position around the side of the house.
Oh no no I know that but I mean if he were to suddenly see John. Absolutely no I'm glad because he would have turned around and was like it's Jimmy Sanders it's your cousin exactly.
Wait to clarify real fast and I don't know if this puts you on the spot or not but is Jimmy Sanders your dad's brother's kid or sister's I guess? Or sister's or yeah or anywhere in there I feel like no matter by marriage or blood everybody would have been to the same barbecues.
And also Pettymores just call each other cousins at a certain point and like non Pettymores who are still blood related like they're all just cousins. Oh right he's got a different last name so he would have to be his sister's kid.
That's what I was trying to decipher that makes sense. So he would be John the third's nephew. So does he see me? It's not necessarily that he sees you as much as he sees everything.
So you're looking at this dude and his eyes are wide and wild and he's just like sniffing around he's like number four with the no tomato no tomato no tomato extra cream cheese and he's just like looking around all over the place and you think he might have seen you but he didn't like he couldn't tell.
As soon as I get up I turn around to John I'm like it's your cousin and then I go and I want to get the keys out of the truck. Yeah so I'll go to cover you while you do that. I'll go to get Jimmy's attention while you're slipping around to grab the keys.
I think Clark is still trying to peek into the windows at the corner here trying to get a better look through. So as Keith sneaks out John wants to just like really visibly pop out and he goes Jimmy hey there kiddo do you remember me?
Hey number four lettuce no extra cucumber but I can't cut it in half right now. And he's like miming actually making a sandwich. Running with that he's like oh yeah give me that number four why don't you go ahead and start making that for me and I don't it doesn't have to be cut in half you just get to it and I want to see what he does.
And then he looks up at you and as he makes direct eye contact with you his eyes enlarge to the size of saucers and he just lets out a little and then dives directly into the water Keith just walks up opens the car door what are you doing?
The keys are in the ignition the car is running truck is running. Oh are you talking to me? No I was talking to Keith Vigna is he available? Sorry. Well from my screen it looked like you were looking at Joe but anyway.
You guys were at 45 and not 90? Yeah you should be looking up to talk to me. You weren't effectively Brady bunching those calls.
Yeah I just open the door I get the keys turn the truck off and stick them in one of my pockets and I zip the pocket up.
Clark Bishop you are looking inside this house Terence liquor is standing oil stained hands ripped flannel shirt long oily hair underneath a trucker cap he's got some dirty overalls and boots and he's standing in like the living room of this house where you see Randy Angst.
He is wearing a fancy blue three-piece suit you can't tell it's a three-piece suit though because he is being shoved face into the carpet by Terence or not. Not Terence. Oh shit.
This dude is burly as fuck he is five foot four so he looks super wide it's in his mid-30s and he's got short cropped black hair blue eyes and impeccably white teeth and he's wearing a gray sweatsuit a black beanie and chucks so exactly the rocky uniform like when he's running up the where is that?
Washington D.C. Philadelphia. When he's running up to Kiss. He's climbing up the Washington Monument. To make the Liberty Bell whole again and that's what he's wearing that's what he looks like.
There's this burly thick short dude who has his knee on the back of Randy Angst's neck and he is shoving Randy's face into the carpet and then you hear the truck stop running they hear the truck stop running and they look up well seems like we've got some company.
What's up everybody I'm Zach and I just wanted to pop in at the end here and holler a few things at y'all first sorry this episode was so so so late I absolutely love making this show but it takes an absurd amount of time and I've been running low on steam.
With that being said I'm gonna take a week off I'm tired and I need a bit of a reset during all this uncertainty and constant low-grade panic so episode 80 will be out on Friday May 29th and we will then resume our weekly release schedule.
Thank you all for understanding this community is incredible and the only messages I received about this episode being late were positive and encouraging. Seriously y'all are the best.
Our lovely patrons will be hearing part 1 of Lover in the Ice a fantastically gross delta green scenario before Tuesday night and we will see all you members of the Den of Sin Tuesday May 26th at 6 p.m. Central time for part 2 live streaming our recording process.
To all of you who support this effort on patreon holy shit it means the world to all of us here at PTBP and we are so so grateful so again in order I'm sorry I love you and episode 80 will be out a week from Friday on May 29th and then we are back on that grind.
How am I the only one trying to pull over How can you have enough drowning out of the notes
There's nobody home
