Howdy partners, it's your ding-dang big bang shooting rowdy son of a gun wolf the dog
Can I get a yee-howl? I am sauntering at you live from six nine four point two
PTBP from
some other
time
While dealing with the unfamiliar time, let's check in with a familiar old standby
This week's Helen with wolf comes from Luke aka vegan amigo who wrote a fantastic
Five-star review of this show over on Apple podcast, which is a hell of a sweet thing to do they write
Congratulations Ian Anthony and Adam you have won a night at the Opera your
Invitations will be at the mailbox shortly pre-show drinks begin in two days. Please be prompt
Complementary tuxedos and opera glasses will be provided
Damn, that was weird Luke aka vegan amigo, which reminds me
Let me look outside real quick. Like yep. I'm definitely some time weird again. God damn it
Hey you yeah, you listen to get your hand out of your mouth and focus for one goddamn second here
Thank you all Wolfie gets lonely on his travels through both time and space
The knowledge that you folks are out there
Metaphysically keeping me company brings me warmth both in my esophagus and in my loins
I'm not sure how this community keeps growing my producer assures me we are doing the absolute bare minimum in terms of
Advertising I guess bare minimum means none whatsoever
So, please keep up the beautiful word of mouth
It seems to be working keep telling your friends your enemies your frenemies even and keep writing up sweet
Recommendations and reviews on reddit just keep doing what you're doing
sweet baby listeners unless you're not doing the doing then join the doers in the
Doing this fuck Nike y'all ready for a new jam that makes Smuckers feel like suckers a jam
That truly squelches the likes of Welch's this track is so sweet y'all
It'll make the fruit green with jelly. It's the creek rocks with can't you hear them wolves are howling?
Oh
Standing behind a heavy wooden lectern is a young man wearing a thick
Hand-stitched suit at the neck of his white shirt
He sports the collar of a preacher and
Pinned on his breast pocket. There is a shiny gold star
words along the bottom of the screen read
contention
1880 something
This fresh-faced kid steps back from the pulpit and begins to walk down the aisle of this
His house of the Lord as he speaks
directly into camera
Howdy there folks. My name is Bobby custard. Welcome to contention
Nuzzled here in the middle of prosperous farms and ranches this dusty mining town of contention sits
We were doing a okay for a mining town, but then this fella no, no not a fella bona fide genius
Well, he came along and turned contention not only into one of the most successful
Mining operations this side of the long wet one, but one of the most modern pounds of round
Silas Cole showed up one day is just a minor and before long he was inventing and doing all sorts of business
After he bought the mine, he electrified my church here and the courthouse and the schoolhouse, too
Mr. Cole surely is a gift from above you'll meet him eventually if you stick around long enough
but don't
Don't make eye contact or any sudden movements
He's real skittish like always on the edge of another brilliant discovery
I'd imagine and his wife Mary what a gem she founded contentions first library
contentions got more learned folks than ever before which is a big asset in my humble opinion being there is far less crime and
I don't have to do all the Bible reading during service. I
Will say though. This is a bit of an unfortunate time to be here in contention. See
We done had a handful of disappearances lately
nothing wild
usual suspects the whole saloon staff and the bartender miss kitty piano player a few gamblers the town drunk
You know if half of them went missing in one go not sure anyone will bat an eye
but almost ten folks
within the span of a week
Well, a few of the townsfolk are getting a little worrisome
Not that I blame them. So we're hosting a town hall meeting today here at the church
So anyone with information can talk open and we can have a vote on the best course of action moving forward now
I got a dust before this place is full, but we'll see you real soon. Yeah
Welcome to contention in the 1880s. It's the Old West boys
Giddy up
Giddy up in what in tarnation everybody's saying yeehaw, but not asking hi
But I love it well, hey Luke, how are you I'm doing real good
Cool mess
No, I've never been but it's gonna it'll come out. Yeah, that's same. Oh good. You guys didn't practice
We're on we're on for I practiced. I yelled in the shower at myself
And then I just assumed mine would come out when it started. So yeah same but it's always worked for all of us before
Like to let the voice find me generic southern accents have taken us this far as X. Yeah
Yeah
I'm doubling down on it tonight. That's that's my my only inspiration
The Old West scenario, I'm gonna be method acting so we're gonna have to find a way to record without audacity or laptops or anything
You just need to get Luke some some like mule blinders
Close my eyes all time. I'm down boy. Calm down now. Stay focused. Just talk straight forward. Don't look now. Oh, he saw a computer
Hail is that he's going wild as hell y'all for whole sanity roll sanity. Why is that picture so bright?
That's what horses do right? Yeah
Invented when were donkeys invented Mountain Dew Mountain Dew but what sound donkeys make whilst they drink a do
It might have been around in the 1880s. It's one of the older ones. Let's see Mountain Dew was introduced in 1940
Yeah, but wasn't Mountain Dew a slang term for not
Dude disambiguation. Yeah moonshine cuz that's why they called it that because it tastes like
Everyone knows when you slug down some Mountain Dew
Notes of moonshine hit you in the mountain do is not smooth at all. It's so fucking aggressive
There's a song from 1882 called the rare old Mountain Dew
And there's also a 2011 song called diet Mountain Dew by Lana Del Rey
Sing the first one for us. Okay, let me find it. We should see if we can get the second one for the theme
Hey Lana Del Rey, she's from Missouri, right? Yeah, Jad counts, right?
She's from Sykes ten has Brad Brad Pitt wrote any songs that we can throw him on
Local musician Brad Pitt. He's an actor
Okay, I'm about to listen to the rare old Mountain Dew see what it's like no, no, no don't listen sing it
Okay, let me look up the lyrics
No, no, no, don't look up lyrics sing it
Well, I already looked at memory
I don't know. I can't do it
Have you seen my Mountain Dew
It's rare
Real bad real bad
It's rare you gotta put more well you're never that is damn good keep going. I don't know the rest of the lyrics
That's the only ones. Oh, well, the chorus would be easy to sing. Hi. Di diddly diddle arm diddly doodle
I don't um diddly do ride diddle of my day. Did you look at him? Yeah
For it fills the air with a perfume rare and betwixt both me and you as home
We stroll we can take a bowl or a bucket of the Mountain Dew
Mountain
Bring me my spits bucket. I wanted to taste the Mountain Dew fresh. Oh, that's Justin talking right now
Oh
Yeah, Thomas
It's very Irish sounding the song. Oh, I thought you were talking about Justin. I was like, he's not
Well, he did hatch from a space egg
You guys found me outside
The
Remember that is because we have the VHS tape that was sent to us of us finding him
Since it's like a planted memory. Yeah, but thankfully that tape included a great montage of the four of us raising him
So even if we didn't have the memories
It's kind of like we got to see what it was like and let me tell you there was a lot of love
I remember when you guys when Zach got a big green egg to smoke meat in and I just tried to climb on in that
Bad boy. Oh my god
Got so singed
That was sex nickname for for Justin hams
Hamilton has just come out. Of course, right? Yeah, it's a good year for ham related content
and
Justin just wouldn't stop with this political rap
He also made us go see
Shit, what's that pig called?
babe
No the cartoon
Peppa Peppa Pig. Yeah
It would have been better if I could remember
I was gonna say a pig but it's that's Looney Tunes
indeed
Looney Tunes indeed. Did you ever bartend a Peppa Pig show? No, I didn't
Yeah, I made the mistake of doing that once I always signed up for the ones that I thought were country singers
But then one dude's name sounded so much like a country singer and it turned out to be a Christian magician
So I made no money
Did he try to give you was he like here's your tip and when you reach for it, he like made it disappear and you're like
Along with my face
It was like Peppa Pig I guess did some kind of tour like a live music thing was like a hologram
No, it was like people
Peppa Pig dying brutally
Anyway, it was like mostly candy and popcorn sales and then like the same seven dads getting really drunk
Tips were not great except from those guys
Christian magician was just a lot of homeschool jokes. All right
All right, everybody get off the fucking call except Joe do we just leave
Just go ahead and leave and I'll text you one at a time
Okay, just go ahead and just go and leave. He's next. I'll send text. It'll go
Joe and then it'll be Justin and then it'll be
Thomas and then it'll be Luke cool. I can play a game
Just text me. Bye. Bye. Okey-dokey. Joe. I'm gonna go pee real quick
Alrighty, Joe. I don't have my headphones on but I had no idea you're so fucking humongous. You're a monster
Wait, sorry, it's Luke. It's humongous. Not you. Oh, that's what you're referring to
I thought you were talking about like me positioned in my camera or something. No, I was talking I was reading the characters
He is he's a bit. I thought I was reading yours, but it looks for the audience and he's a monster man
Zach don't put this in
Joe Terry
Tell me what you know, what time counter is your audacity yet?
My time counter on audacity is at 19 minutes and almost 30 seconds cool
Have any missing time no missing time the missing time like we had when we found
Justin's egg pod. I
Do miss when he was suckle at my teat I
Just pictured it I'm like looking at him on the chat and he doesn't know we're talking about it. It's just like
Picturing him all up on that nip and
Oh
Well, we can play hard right yeah
Did that make sense did you understand what I meant nope Edie didn't exist in the 1880s, let's get going
your character's name is
Everett Pace, I've asked you to give me a rundown of who your character is and you wrote something so beautiful. Thank you
I was I was
Taken by surprise you asked you we have a group chat and you asked for us to present a day in the life of a
Character and Luke was actually the first one to present one and it was the best written thing. I'd read in a long time
It made me think oh shit. I gotta write something now
I actually he sent it to me, you know
Like a private message and I was like you have to send this to the group so that they know what they're up against
Yeah, I did not meet the challenge, but I did write a good couple paragraphs
Oh, I absolutely love what you've written and let's dive into it. Yeah, okay
So no one knows how long Everett Pace has been in that old
Low slung sod house on the bald spot of the hill just outside of town
He's just always been up there old Everett folks
don't see him too often in town except for the few times he wanders in to restock his coffee and
Ammo supply and once or twice a year when he ventures to the saloon for a drink as though he's celebrating something
No one ever bothers him though
He just looks off an unruly mess of long gray beard and an attempt at a greasy comb over on top
He's got a sickly dirty complexion and walks with an uneasy slightly hunched shuffle
But his eyes are bright and wild and fiery and only add to how off-putting his whole presence can be
The town folk do catch glimpses of him up on the hill though
He's often tending to a sprawling garden
Butchering the day's hunt or chopping wood
he looks so old and frail but each pull of the hoe a cleave of the cleaver a
Swing of the axe reveals muscles that have been at least tuned to the work for ages
Mothers in town use Everett as a boogeyman telling their children if they wander too far at night
He might snatch them and can them up like the radishes and Brussels sprouts in his cellar and the kids believe it because they can't
tell when or if
Everett sleeps a
flicker of a lantern in the wee hours of the night and the occasional but sudden crack of a rifle being fired off towards something
Unseen and unheard makes the kids pull the covers up extra tight at night
And so while these kids are pulling their covers right above their chins up over their noses
Like you're supposed to wear your fucking masks
Sorry
So many under the nose
Just right over the nose they're holding their their sheets tight and
They're thinking about Everett
Who is what is he doing at night when he's got his lantern out? Does he have his rifle?
With him like what? What is he what is he doing? Is he out on his property? Is he inside the house?
Can they see the lantern just bobbing along the lantern flickers from within the house?
I mean that's what the kids are definitely questioning if you want the answer
It's that he's uh, he's he's lived his life on this land protecting it as his own
it's it's his his parcel in this world and
He he guards it
he he'll uh, he'll stay awake at night to make sure the crops don't get to and he'll he'll shoot a wolf if he sees
one coming up or a
Raccoon or any sort of thing that
Threatens his and it's exactly on one of these nights
Everett hears a
Grumbling in the distance and it's on his land and Everett
Everett knows exactly what direction it's in. It's not it's not where the animals are. It's not where his garden is
Ever doesn't have animals just for the record. Oh, sorry. No animals you kill you kill by the day
He lives off the land
So he's he's doing a lot of his own gardening and stuff
But he hunts at when he can and then just like keeps the meat until he's like needs to go back out and restock up
Yep, damn, that's fucking cool. We're
different now as
humans
So I'm hearing a low rumbling somewhere and you hear scratching and you hear earth
Moving and you know that it is coming from the direction of a spot in the ground
Where there is a cross made out of sticks
Planted what is that spot Everett? Well, that's where that's where I'm up
That's where that's where Claire is buried. That's what
Why would there be a sound over there?
He's you know, maybe shuffle over there a little bit and in the darkness
your old eyes
Do you have anything that would let you like? Yeah, I've got a decent spot hidden
I've got a decent listen either one of those. I'll do my spot hidden. I mean I say decent it's 45
Did I mention in my description that my guy is an old man? Oh
No, I don't think you did. He's 65 or 68 years old and he's kind of frail in general
I
Thought there's a chance for a birthday at some point in this
Okay, I'm doing spot hidden at a 45 and I pass 20 you can't
I'm not sure you can go ahead and roll sanity
That's also a cool character quirk of this guy he's already kind of weird in life people already assume that he's weird
He thinks of himself as kind of a loner and a weirdo. He's kind of open to weird shit
So he's got the highest sanity of a character. I've ever played at 80
80. Oh, yeah
And I pass a 26 well your eyes don't lie, you know what you see
You see Miss Kitty one of the saloon workers who had gone missing
He'd gone missing about a week ago. Yeah. Okay. The town is all
Ah
Half up in arms about it
Some of them don't give a shit because it's a lot of the ruffians that have gone missing
but there were a fair amount of disappearances to the point to where people are
Starting to kind of maybe get concerned
concerned
concerned
The sound is actually another degree higher. So that's exactly exactly because now they know that it more of
them
Miss Kitty is digging with her hands into the grave
Miss Kitty, what are you? What are you doing? Miss Kitty get up. How far off is this?
And where are you in your house? I'm curious. He was probably standing at his doorstep when he heard the sounds. Mm-hmm
So the grave is I would I pictured it. It's like I said, he's on a bald spot
I would picture it near the tree lines. So maybe like 20 yards like he's got a good plot up there
Sure, so maybe 20 yards away up by the tree line. Yeah. Yeah, go ahead and roll listen for me as you haul her out
Fuck I fail a 47 on a 40. There's some sort of murmuring happening underneath the breath of Miss Kitty
just kind of like
I
Keep approaching
Miss Kitty, they're looking for you in town in there. Where are you being?
Get out of there. You don't need to be digging around in there. She hears you coming looks up wide-eyed
Looks down and then she's just gonna run away away ever. It's fine with that. That was just a yeah, it's weird
Miss Kenny come back there. Look they're looking for you in town. Where are you?
Miss Kenny and as ever it goes back into his home. Does he wrap up? Does he sleep?
No
So this is based on a real thing
I read that they think that
Back in the day of a person's sleep cycle was much more of a farming cycle that they would take like a lot of naps
But be awake for a lot of the night
Because they had to protect their areas. So he's he's a he's awake a lot of the night. I love it
I love it. Yeah, I love you. I love you too that
I'm getting in the car baby. I'm getting in the car. I'm coming over there
Wear your fucking mask
For the beginning
Justin is my friend and he's got headphones on and he's on the podcast and I'm very happy
What the fuck just happened?
Welcome to Pretending To Be People
What kind of show is this?
This is the show where we talk to each other
But not as each other because even in our friendships we rarely talk about things that matter
It's always bullshit. So we may as well have a podcast where we're completely different people
I've never known the true Zach. So why I'd start getting to know him now
Please don't what's your character's name? You won't love me if you know me
Old Zach, you don't want no one to know him real good
Get get a heart hurt again
Oh
My character's name is Jack Perlman. Oh, yeah, that's a sexy name. I know right it kind of sounds like a porn name
Absolutely sounds like a porn name just like
Ron Perlman. Oh, is that who you've based his character off of? No, just the name Ron Perlman's great
He's great fan. My man isn't a lumbering giant with a bellowing voice like Ron Perlman
documentary he was in
Hellboy
And then the second documentary Hellboy 2 and then the comic based on the documentary. I
Love it when people make comics based on documentaries. I can't wait for that March of the Penguins graphic novel to come out fine
I've been reading some non-stop. Oh, yeah. I heard the I heard the Watchmen guys doing the March of the Penguins. So
So I asked you all to write a thing about your character
Day in the life if you a quick description day in the life kind of situation. Yes
Tell me about
Jack Perlman
Jack every time every time the name Jack Perlman has said I'm gonna edit in those two noise
Yeah, that's both at the same time. Like yeah combined
So we same time it same time it like we always
Okay, yeah, oh I thought we were gonna be truthful with oh, yeah, it's we're working on we're trying to get in sync
It's hard. Oh god. Okay. Yeah, Jack Perlman. He's a
He's just hit his 40s graying ever so slightly
Dark tan skin from manual labor. He's a he's a rancher
But unlike a lot of other ranchers he tends to do a lot of stuff by himself
He hasn't really found
Help that he would consider up to his his standards
Basically runs the whole shindig himself. He wakes up quite early in the morning probably 4 or 5 a.m. At the crack of dawn
Mm-hmm feeds his two dogs Chuck and Bob who are scruffy mutts that he took in
Makes a strong pot of coffee and a big ol
Biscuit breakfast to start his day off, right?
He mainly raises and trains horses, which he which he loves dearly
Few cows here and there and some goats just for the extra cash, but he really loves the the majesty of a big ol horse
He often a lot of the day is like, you know maintaining raising them
Checking him out making sure their health's good
He patrols the area for any trouble cuz I assume he has like a big swath of land that he has to you know
mend fences
Wrangle a lot of mending a lot of wrangle in a lot of mending
But at the end of the day, he either goes to the bar to grab a drink or seven
having an excellent time or
Alternatively, he stays completely home with a book sitting on his porch with his dogs
only lit by the light of the lantern and
The the glow that reflects off a bottle of whiskey
So let's cut to a scene about a week ago on one of the nights where you ended up at the saloon to have
one or two or
seven
It's hard to keep track after roll a d10. Let's see how many drinks you've had at this point. Oh
Oh
Where the fuck did I put my dad up Justin?
Justin you amateur we're playing a role-playing game Justin the role stands for you roll the dice
Can you talk about voice from now on
I
Can't stop smiling
Help me Justin has me trapped here
Boom d10 five drinks in five drinks in a good number. That's a fair amount of drinks now
Just say now roll a d4 for how many hours it's been
Three hours, that's actually not bad. That's not bad at all. I'm averaging about two per hour. Yeah, that's a that's a fun night
Yeah, that's that's his preferred
Jack's preferred is to do that, but it doesn't always go down like that
Sometimes people bet you like, you know that you can't do ten shots in a row and you really need four dollars
Hey, man, it's 1880 something four dollars
Four dollars is mad money. I don't know. I don't know the conversion
I should I bet it's real good
I played Red Dead Redemption and it seemed like four dollars was a lot of money
some of the guns on here were like nine dollars, so I'm gonna say four dollars here is a
105 100 bucks. That's I'd yeah, would you do ten shots for a hundred bucks? No
Not now, yeah, yeah cuz I know I just get extremely sick
How many hours do I know one of waste $100 for a day gone like a whole day?
I would be useless maybe even two these days
I can't keep up when I was a young man ten shots
Did you mean when we a hundred dollars when we first met each other?
Four years ago. Yeah
Child
Four years ago. Let's dive in here. Yeah, you're kind of leaning up against the piano
in the saloon and the piano player is not playing right now cuz no one's paid him is that he's a jukebox and
He needs to get money in order to play song. So it's dead silent right now
So he's just talking to one of the gamblers who's around here and he's like, oh, yeah, no, I swear to God bad
It's a girl teenage girl walking around the new mine over there at night
Not a chance married be happy about that and the other guy's like no shit
You saw a teenage girl over there at that new mine
I don't think Silas had to have the balls do something like that and the other piano players like
He owns this town and do whatever he wants if he wants to have a new girl ever done the walk
That's right. What's random and
The guy's like I just don't see it happening that Mary Cole is a stand-up woman a good
Smart head on top of them their shoulders that she's got nice broad strong
like could easily take a man like Silas cause she truly wanted to and there's no reason she
would want to deal with that kind of nonsense in his
Blessed life praise be Lord
Does Jack join in the conversation at all
Jack's not a big fan of gossip of any kind gosh just slinging on and there's here but he does he does like listening
He just doesn't like
Participating so he's kind of he's keeping an ear on because he wants to know what's going on in the town
But he also so cutting back to this night. You've got your option here. Are you out at the bar again?
This is about a week later, or are you hanging out on the porch with your dogs lantern and bottle of whiskey a week later
What's the what's the weather like this? Oh, it's a buggy muggy motherfucker. I
Think he just goes to the bar if if the weather's not like nicer sitting outside then he'll head to the bar
There's a nice cool breeze. He'll take it outside and kind of chill but you know, you know how
Ranchers in the Old West love to chill
Take it mad easy. Keep it mad posse
It's the Old West bro
Yeah, I heard that they they they had a net that they would have to keep the bugs out
There was on a stick and they were just you know
Net stick and chill
Oh my god
That was a bad one
But I appreciate it cuz you put a lot of thought into it I put a little thought into it
So as you're coming home from the bar
What do you ride I think just like a good old strong
I can't remember the differences between the horses. I used to actually kind of know from old red dead
But it's like it's like one of those like it's a larger than average like strong
Horse a good like worker horse. That's like my I don't care about that. What's its name? Oh, what's its name?
No, I do care. But also what's its name Jeremiah? Oh, yeah, so you're riding Jeremiah back and you hear a
Oh
Coming from the field that you own and you know
It's the right here attempted a horse. It's the crying of a horse
I don't know what they sound like
Was that a sound of a horse or is that yeah, you're you're okay
You know, I didn't know there's an old man dying
All right, so you hear this as you're approaching your home
What do you do I kick up the speed swords the source of the noise roll alertness for me?
Oh, is there alertness in this game? Fuck we're playing down darker trails, which is the Old West
Setting for Call of Cthulhu and spot hidden baby old spot hidden, okay
Well, I rolled a 10
That'll probably be 16. Yeah. I was like I rolled a dick. Why was I doing?
amateur hour over here
Welcome to the show Justin get your shit together
You roll a 16 on spot hidden and as you're approaching
You're riding toward the noise and looking off into the distance. You see a thin
silhouette
dipping off
fast into the distance
40 50 yards away from this horse that is still 20 to 30 yards away from you
So almost a football field away
You see this this very slight figure that is just
Running and with that roll. You can see it's a humanoid but it's running like
Like a wild animal and you said it's like a football field away almost. Yeah. Hey, what'd you do to my horse?
Stop it will not stop it only continues
Is it cooking at a speed that I could catch up with it on horseback
Or is it so far away that it's like scurrying into the the wild it's heading into the wild at this point
But you could chase it through the wild if you could track it
Yeah, I don't feel comfortable doing that. I'm gonna go to where the horses are. I can kill you tonight if that's what yeah
I'm good. I don't have tracking and it's the night and there's a ghoulish
ghoul of some kind
No, but I'll go to the horse to go ahead and roll sanity for how fast this it's like it's inhumanely
exactly unhumanly fast
Well, I need to roll two dice, please
That's that's a 98 baby that's not gonna pass there does it though
No, I got no
Lose one sanity as you realize
There's something in contention that is not human and you look up at the stars
and it's a clear night sky and as you're kind of like
Toward this
Old man or sound
You know
The world isn't what you thought it might have been if something like that
Exists here and when you make it up to your horse, I need you to roll another sanity check because I'm surprised at how
injured it is
40 I pass whatever this thing was
It clearly was here for meat
It knew exactly where to shred the skin of
This horse to pull out the most muscle the quickest and there are
Just holes on the haunches and in the shoulders of this horse that is on the ground
You can kind of see through where its chest is
The muscle is completely missing and you can just see it's that the top rib on its left side
Where it's laying on its right?
I
Gently hop off my horse my damn dandelion. No, I
Walk up to it with my revolver and
I cock it and I look at it
I'm sorry, I couldn't be here for you when you needed me and with that I put dandelion out of its misery
Jack looks away
Sheathing or whatever he caught putting his gun back in his holster
wipes a couple tears away from his face and gets back on his horse to make the rounds to make sure
Everybody else is safe
I
Tell us Cox, what are your thoughts about the situation now? I can hear I said Thomas Cox
What are your thoughts about the situation at hand?
I don't know a whole lot about it Zack. It's the Old West
That I like that tell me about your character people are missing and that that won't stand
That's the thing we're gonna try to get to the bottom of here I bet it'll work out for us
I bet it will too. I've set this whole thing up to where you guys can look at Justin. I see meditating
That's what I thought too, but we're gonna look like assholes when we're talking about this on the podcast and he's just dead
There he goes
He moved
Thank God
Yeah, so hey I'm playing
Hold on I realized I never googled my character's name I
Did anybody terrible? Nope?
Okay, the guy who came up with the the he's the doctor who came up with the like air pathway
Thing where you shove a pin in somebody's throat and EpiPen or a trachea
Trachea and it's not spelled the same way. I immediately thought Horace Grant Oh Horace
Green oh shit is the school from rock. Okay. Well, I am I'm playing a professor Horace Green and he is a
Naturalist a paleontologist
He searches for ancient creatures from the past and they're fossils and and and they're remnants
Sick, does he just put bones together and call it what he thinks it is
some some
Huxters in his like profession do that, but he is a trained naturalist
he he's at the cutting edge of modern of modern theory when it comes to paleo biology and he
I don't know if that's a word back then but that's that's what he does man. That's what he lives and breathes
It's a word now. Mm-hmm. I'm not in character yet, so I can say it's not exactly I'm just trying to I'm just trying to
Clean it exactly who can say that before he was terribly killed by whatever
Delta green monsters Zach has in store for us that professor Horace Horace Green
Does not did not coin the term paleo biology and I asked you to write me a
Like a day not just for me
but also for you to get to learn about your character even more through the
Practice of writing this was actually helpful and also for the listeners to get to know your character even more
I was telling Joe earlier. This is the best decision we've ever made for
For writing new character direction, yeah instead of just doing it
Exactly, I really dig it. So yeah any give me what you got any DMS or GMs listening. This is a really good
This is a cool mechanic before you run a game that being said I didn't know it would be read publicly
So I will have to self-edit and clean this up as I go along because I sent Zach just a filthy
Version so it was mostly pictures crude
Crude scribblings really I was like wow. I know exactly who this character is
Professor Horace Green leaves his bed at 530
Although he has generally been awake for an hour or more at this point
Staring at the ceiling or the curtains or a sleeping cat easy it
Observing but not quite seeing these things as he lets his jumbled rush of thoughts flow freely
Until they have sorted themselves into something like order
He picks his way through the stacks of books that litter his floor and heads downstairs to the parlor
Where the widow Anderson is already waiting with coffee
He stayed at the hotel the first few months he was in town
But he found himself in frequent disagreement with that establishment over payments and acceptable level of cat excretions
Returning from his shell one day. He found the hotel and employed the washer woman's daughter to clean his room
He opened the door to see her rearranging his table of vertebrae and promptly fled to the washroom to weep
Since then he has stayed at the widow Anderson's boarding house
She rises as early as he does and enjoys stiff coffee and silence in the mornings
The other boarders are young men
They leave quickly in the morning to make their shifts at the mine and stay out of the saloons until late at night
The widow is content to leave Horace to his vertebrae and his cat enjoys her company when he is away
After drinking his coffee and reading the papers Horace heads to his shale
Following the creek a short distance out of town
He comes to the rocky outcropping that he hopes holds the answers to his most burning questions
And so Horace begins his work
He chips and digs at his shale looking for signs of the monsters who once roamed this land
It has been months and he has found nothing like the vertebrae that first brought him here
They plainly belonged to a mosasaurus, but he had never seen or read of any specimens so large
Local children will sometimes come down after their morning chores to help the crazy old professor sift through his rocks and mud
But on this day is alone by the early evening
He has found no signs of his mosasaurus and returns to town
Making a point to stop by the hotel restaurant to enjoy his supper before changing out of his muddy clothes
He cleans himself at the boarding house and reads the evening papers with the widow while he's he had sleeps in his lap
He retires to his room where he will read or respond to one of his many professional
Correspondents or diagram as vertebrae hearing the young boarders returning from the saloon. He knows it is time to retire
He tells easy at good night
Scratches his head and turns out his lamp and as soon as it's dark you hear one of your young minor
neighbors drunkenly going on about one of his ex-colleagues a
Regular gambler at the saloon who is counted among those recently missing in
contention I
Swear God is my witness
Thomas told me in confidence. He said he he said found oil down there
But like it was alive
Like moving and breathing in the light
Last week last we all saw of him. He was arguing loudly up in mr. Cole's office
And then it was it was just silent. No, I'm not saying shit to
Anyone about that cuz I don't want to be the next one missing
So that's why I'm not gonna die. I'm not going to that meeting. No, I'm not gonna go
I'm not but that I'm not telling anyone. No, no, no, no one I wouldn't tell I I mean, yeah
I might know more but I'm not telling anyone am I know I'm not
Just cuz Thomas is all missing and shit cuz he's arguing with mr. Cole
Hmm seems a fellow named Thomas is missing from from his normal gambling
Habits and and mine working after finding a living oil and arguing with mr. Cole
I'll file that away
living living oil
That could be something that's what dinosaurs are now dinosaurs are birds Zach. Fuck wait
So does that mean dinosaurs aren't real? Yeah
If birds came from dinosaurs, then why are they still dinosaurs?
Luke
What up, what are you learning learning like larva Joe said
It's fucking nasty Joe said they're wiggling around your
Character description day in the life writing assignment
Was so good that it like made him feel like he had to take it up a notch when he wrote his good
I'm glad yours is still the best one though. Do you want to describe your character? Yeah, my
My character is Ephraim Cortland
Judge Ephraim Cortland. He is a very tall large man
43 years old but looks
Looking at him. You don't you couldn't really tell how old he is. He's just
Just a disgusting. He's a slop of a human. He's a slop. He barely takes care of himself
Just soars all over him from like barely washing and not washing his clothes
Always has like grease and food in his mustache and on his face. He's always sweaty
Greasy hair dirty fingernails and
Hands just fucking gross is his guys deal. Why is he so nasty? Well, he was a well-respected judge
Fair and well respected but about six years ago his wife and his daughter died from cholera
And that pretty much is a redone. Yeah, he always
Boils his water before he drinks it now. Does he have taste buds?
He probably not because he smokes he smoked cigars. He smokes hand-rolled cigarettes
He chews tobacco. He's known to make he's known to make tea with tobacco. Oh
He uses that as a chaser for his whiskey
He always keeps iced fully stocked bar with really nice whiskey
But he he buys nice stuff so that people don't think he's a drunk
Yeah, so people think he's classy but he is a drunk drinks heavily throughout the day always has a he's got a
flask on him
It's a metal flask like bound with leather and on on the flask. It says
to EC
from our EC with love
Ruth Ruth Courtland was his wife
So he keeps that it's very special to him always filled with whiskey
How big is it how big is the flask yeah think of like a regular flask
Four times that big so it's like it can fit a hell of a lot of whiskey in it
So I needed to buy a flask when I was 16 years old. Yeah, not for drinking purposes
But because I was playing
Taney Zuko in Grease at my high school's production, of course
and I needed a flask got that lead as a sophomore baby, and so I
And so I went to an antique store and I bought a flask and I thought to myself this is kind of a big flask
But I didn't I didn't drink that much so you didn't really know when I was 16. It was like
Stealing nips from people's parents basements and such right, but I learned later when I used that flask
It held half a fifth of shit. Yeah, that's
375 milliliters, I'd say that's about yeah half a fifth is what this can can hold
He always has it on him his clothes that he wears since he is a judge
Usually like three-piece suits and stuff, but they have not been washed or taken care of
He has no intention of buying any new clothes. So they're ratty and holes and stuff in them
He always make sure there's an inner pocket for his flask though. Of course. All right, read me this read me this thing, baby
Judge Ephraim Courtland wakes up in his comfy puffy leather chair
The greasy plate is broken on the ground beside him missing the half pound of bacon
It held the night before which was eaten far too quickly by the judge and washed down with a half a bottle of expensive whiskey
Ephraim wipes his face with the back of his sleeve smearing grease and bits of bacon into his salt and pepper horseshoe mustache
His stomach churns out a low gurgle like the sound of that sweet black gold when it bubbles up from the earth
Ephraim struggles to stand up from his chair the effects of the whiskey from the night before have not yet worn off and his weight does
Not help the cause as he rises up from the chair
His top hat scrapes the roof of his modest home
His 43 year old bones hold him up at 6 foot 10 and carries a little over 300 pounds of booze and pork filled fat
The man looks like he's falling apart as if his skin was one paper cut away from expelling the rotten insides and decaying flesh
he takes his top hat off and bends over holding the makeshift barf bag expectantly in front of him a
Minute passes but the only bodily fluid in the hat is sweat that is profusely dripping off the man's balding head
He tosses the hat to the ground and strips down naked
He boils water for a bath buying some half-cooked bacon left on the dining table from the night before
Against his better judgment. He finishes the undercooked fatty pork before the flies can after breakfast
He decides against a hot bath. It's much too hot already
He half-heartedly washes himself in a cool bath just enough to be almost presentable for court
He comes as long graying patchy hair across his head and oils up his mustache
He picks up an earthy tweed three-piece suit off the floor and dresses himself
Bending over to put on his socks and shoes
He feels dizzy his top hat finally fulfills its purpose as he empties his guts into his felt and silk wastebasket
He straightens himself up feeling much better and removes a flask from his jacket
He drains the flask in one goal that fills it with a half empty bottle from the night before
He takes one last swig from the bottle switches it around his mouth
Gargles and spits it into the top hat he tucks his flask back into his suit jacket and heads toward the door
As he walks outside, he figures it to be around noon
He was due at the courthouse at 9, but he knows he will be fine as he is the only judge for miles
Plus the townsfolk won't get too upset if they can't pay their fine for not hitching their horse or getting unruly at the bar
Did he put his hat back on no, thank God
It's like what the fuck no, does he wash out his hat? No, I just leave it just leaves it on the floor
Okay, so we're gonna cut back to about a week ago. This is a few days before
one of the gamblers
disappeared and
A couple of them got into a got a pretty unruly
Unruly enough to where one of them was locked up at the courthouse and
Courtland is walking through and this guy
completely
He's got mine face not mine
Yeah, but he's kind of my main because his hands are up against the bars in front of him
But there's actual bars there. So he's really good at miming, right?
And he sticks his head in between two of the bars
His eyes get really big and he's like, you know
Mrs. Cole she ain't human
Ephraim just looks at the guy and
like the guys holding on to the bars of the prison cell and he just punches his fingers into the
bar of the
Cell and you just hear the laughter continue as this man
backs away into the darkness of his cell
He kind of eyes the guy and just stops for a second and then continues walking
back to the day in question
Ephraim still gazing up at the blaring Sun whistles a long loud note and clicks his tongue a
Colossal shiny brown and white Clydesdale saunters over and looks at the judge. We're late. Hey, mister
Let's go the juxtaposition of this elegant well-groomed horse and the off-putting nauseating giant of a man confuses the locals
How could a man like that own that horse?
Ephraim Courtland mounts the horse effortlessly his grace opposite of everything else in his life
He takes off at breakneck speed on his steed kicking up an enormous dust cloud as he races towards the courthouse
As he rides, there are only two things on his mind his horse and how many men he wants to hang today
And when Ephraim gets to the courthouse
When he walks in he goes to flip on the lights the new electrical system has made
Electrical lighting possible here in the courthouse. Thanks to all Silas Cole the genius and contention and as you flip them on there's nothing
What's wrong what oh oh gosh, oh no, I'm sorry mister
Um, it's just that it seems to be that the the copper wiring has been stolen paralegal comes running up
Yes, no, um, it seems to be that all the copper wiring has been stolen out from the courthouse
Nighttime why I don't know but it might be worth it to bring it up at the meeting today
How do you know who told you what is this and I grab it out of her hands?
And you see that there's a letter
Requesting your presence at the town hall meeting at the church to discuss
Disappearances what time is the meeting? You're already late. Well, I'm
As I'll be going over there and
Fix the fucking lights and I walk out and get back on my horse and right over to the town hall meeting
quickly fast
Oh
Oh
You know
Oh
Oh
Can't you have wolves howling all around my poor little darling all around my poor little darling
I'm afraid they'll get my darling
Can't you hear them wolves howling all around my poor little darling all around my poor little darling
I'm afraid they'll get my darling
You
