Hello my patients, it's your doctor, Wolf the Dog, and I'm here to check the charts
so I can diagnose what the fuck is plaguing Contention here on 694.2 PTBP, Contention's
only radio show.
Y'all I'm scrubbed up and ready to go.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf comes from at bfevans19 on Twitter and Reddit who blessed
us with a glowing 5 star review on Apple Podcasts, quote, and now Wolf has a special
announcement for all you agents in the field out there, 42, 65, 20, 73, 75, 72, 65, 20,
74, 6F, 20, 64, 72, 69, 6E, 6B, 20, 79, 6F, 75, 72, 24, F, 76, 61, 6C, 74, 69, 6E, 65,
end transmission, end quote.
My producer has a note here, apparently Reddit user KRUCZ36 has made a subreddit for pretending
to be people located at r slash pretending to be people.
The first person to decode the message and post it in the subreddit will receive the
pride that comes with being the best agent in the field and also the ability to write
up their own Howlin' with Wolf announcement to be read by your personal physician, Dr.
Wolf.
And as always, if you want to see behind the scenes of 694.2 PTBP, follow along at pretending
pod on Instagram and Twitter.
There's a Facebook, sure, but Zuckerberg is a fuck face.
Now back to reality.
Oh, there goes gravity.
It's time for the news.
After officers Bishop and Vigna had the most uncomfortable dinner since the last supper,
some real plot heavy shit went down.
Keith Vigna was approached by his niece, Francis Beans.
Upon accepting her proposal, the two are driving East away from contention.
John Lee Pettymore and Drew Andrews bonded over shared fortune after a smooth transaction.
Clark Bishop saw an impossibility out of his window and then woke up in an unfamiliar
place with an unfamiliar face.
Strap on your restraints and bite down hard because this is going to be a fucking wild
ride.
Keith, you are in the car of your niece, Francis Beans.
It is a Chrysler Sebring.
She has offered you $1 million to kill her father, your brother, Ferguson Beans.
She tells you she is going to take the secret way to avoid security and begins driving on
a narrow path through the woods, trees missing her side mirrors by inches every couple of
feet.
And then she pulls up to a black iron fence seemingly out of place in these thick woods.
Francis grabs a backpack from her back seat and motions for you to follow her as she opens
a hatch in the ground and jumps inside disappearing from view.
I follow her down the hatch.
Down the hatch, you guys are in this like crazy dark underground tunnel that is lit
by these red lights every like 15 feet on the walls of this tunnel.
It's dank down here.
It's like, did I recognize it all like on the way here?
Had I ever been here before?
I think you've maybe been out here once or twice for a reason.
I mean, you and your brother kept in touch kind of, but not really.
So had I been the secret way before?
No, absolutely not.
All right, cool.
So anyway.
So you guys are going through this underground tunnel and when you pop up, it's this, she
tells you right before, she's like, um, we're about to pop up above ground and it is like
this sweet spot where there's no security cameras looking and we'll be able to take
an easy direct route into the house.
You can do that.
I am going to bail and then I will meet up with you later when it's finished.
All right.
Are you sure you can't come with me?
Uh, yeah, I'm pretty fucking sure that it would look a little bit more suspicious if
two of us were coming then maybe just one where we're trying to be stealthy, right?
And avoid people seeing us.
So I think this one's on you, my dude.
Have you ever thought about going into the force?
I think you'd be pretty good at it.
Which one?
The one that I'm on in the police force.
You think that I would be a good police officer?
I actually thinking about it now, I am going on a hit for you right now.
Maybe not.
So maybe I wouldn't be a great police officer.
Maybe I'd be about as good of a police officer as you are, Keith.
Oh, you'd be a much better police officer than me.
Anyway.
Um, okay.
Just show me the route that I need to take.
Okay.
And she writes it out, kind of like shows you on her palm where the two houses are that
are on the property and then, uh, which one is Ferguson's and how you need to get up into
his room and like where to hide, basically like written on her hand.
It's written on her hand.
I put my hand up to her hand and my slightly sweaty palm is hold it on a little bit and
then take it off.
And now it's just on my hand, but tattoo style first.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And she is super grossed out the entire time your hand is touching your hand.
She's like, I hate this.
I hate this.
I'm taking a picture.
This is so, why didn't you just take a picture evidence I'm a cop.
I'm a cop.
Uh, so you open up this hatch as she walks back the way you guys came and she cracks
up in this hatch for you and looking out, you're into the world.
It's this beautiful, nice little place.
Uh, Ferguson beans and his wife, Stacy live in two separate houses, right on the County
line between contention and the city.
They both own one of the homes and they use a weird archaic marriage law.
So they can both vote in both counties.
Fergie often brags about this to people over at his home, his home, his home is modern
with lots of sharp lines, glass walls and geometrical patterns.
And Stacy's home is an old Victorian with a wraparound porch and a turret reaching into
the sky from one corner.
And based on the map, are they like right next to each other, right next to each other.
And there's almost a line like in the grass where you can see the, like the County line
that Ferguson likes to joke about what a fucking dickhead.
And uh, as you can see from your hand, your backwards hand map, uh, you've got a direct
route into the back of Ferguson's home, uh, where you won't be seen by security.
Okay.
Um, I guess I stealthily sneak the path that she told me to do.
Yeah, absolutely.
So you can, I mean, you're just walking, there's like nobody here.
It's super dead.
You can maybe see there's like one or two lights on in the other home, the Victorian
home, Stacy's house.
Uh, but there are no lights on inside Fergie's Fergie's home.
And I'm, she told me to go into his house, his house.
Yeah.
They actually live in separate houses.
Yeah.
Cause I'll just go down the path and go into his unlit home.
Okay.
As you actually walk up to the door, it opens for you and immediately like, like what kind
of door is it?
Is it like a sliding like a, no, it's like a, it's like a normal door, but when it opens,
it's like, welcome home Ferguson.
This like voice comes over the top.
I pause.
Do I hear any, anything else?
Nope.
I go into the home, I guess.
Yeah.
Walking through his house, everything is automated.
Like everything in this house, he's got like a smart home.
So like everything is super automated.
The like, everything looks super nice.
Everything's really minimalistic.
Okay.
I realize that everything's automated.
I want to go like outside and try to find the breaker or something for the house and
just like turn all the, you know, power off.
So yeah.
Yeah.
You can do that.
All right.
Easily.
I do that.
And then I go back to that door and walk in.
Okay.
I assume that you left it like cracked so that you could get back in.
Right.
Yeah.
You go in and everything's off.
Cool.
Completely dark inside.
And where did she tell me he would be?
She told you that the best spot would be upstairs.
Just go upstairs and get into his room and hide in the closet.
And he's going to be drunk or high or both when he comes home and he'll just pass the
fuck out in bed and just put a bullet in him and leave as soon as you can.
Okay.
I don't think I want to shoot him.
I'm going to grab, stabbing him is seems pretty hard.
It's really intimate.
Yeah.
I don't want to do that either.
Maybe.
Do you want to be inside Ferguson?
Do I want to be inside Ferguson?
Yeah.
If you're going to stab him.
No.
Uh, let's see.
Does he have some sort of like chemicals or something like if he's going to be drunk and
pass out, I could just like suffocate him or something.
Yeah, absolutely.
Uh, roll.
Um, what did, what is your search?
You're not like under duress, I guess.
I mean, you'd be, you'd be stressed out, but with a 40 you can for sure find it.
It's a 12.
Hell yeah.
So going through, you actually find, um, what do you want to find?
I want to, uh, I don't know.
Like chloroform.
Yeah.
I'm like, that's easy, but no, that's who, why would he have that now?
I don't know.
What do you mix to make mustard gas?
They did it in King of the Hill once.
I'm on a list now.
I just Googled mustard gas ingredients.
I did mustard gas mixture.
Apparently you just need garlic, onions and mustard.
Bleach and ammonia.
Okay.
Yeah.
He's definitely got those things.
Cool.
Yeah.
I do that.
Um, and I get like a towel.
Towel.
Yeah.
And I'm going to get the bleach and ammonia.
I'm not going to mix it together until he's there because I don't want to kill myself
because I'm pretty sure it's like pretty easy to do.
Okie doke.
And I take those upstairs to his room and hide in the closet.
All right.
So when you walk into Ferguson's room, uh, the lights are off, but there are candles
lit.
Uh, one candle on either side of the bed and by the candle light, you can see a woman in
bed wear laying on top of the sheets, but you know that this woman is not Stacy.
And this is an older woman, probably at least a generation older than you and Fergie.
And when she sees you, uh, uh, you're not, you're, you're not, uh, you're not, you're
not Fergie.
Who are you?
What?
I am.
I'm not.
I'm contention PD.
Oh, okay.
Is everything okay?
Is Ferguson okay?
Well, I got a call that some, something mysterious was happening in his house.
Somebody broke in or something.
What are you doing here?
Did you break into the house?
No, no, I'm here to meet Ferguson.
I'm you're not his wife.
No, I'm, I'm not.
Who are you?
I'm Joan.
Joan.
What?
Joan Robin.
Are you his mistress?
Uh, no, it's more of a, I was told I'm okay.
My boy Bruce is partners with Ferguson and he told me, this is embarrassing, but he told
me he would pay me a million dollars to wait for him and sleep with him.
That way he could, you know, he could rib his business partner about sleeping with his
mother and a million dollars is a million dollars, right?
I completely understand.
It's a good round number.
It can be used for many purposes.
I think you've got two options here.
The best option.
I think it's best that you leave right now.
What's the second option?
I give you my gun and when Ferguson walks in the door, you shoot him.
Wait, what?
You heard me.
Why?
You won't get a million dollars, but I can promise you a little money if you'll do it.
I can't tell you all the details.
The less, you know, the better, but go ahead and roll persuade.
What's your persuade skill?
70.
Oh, you did it's a 24.
She looks at you and she says, Hmm, you know, no one knows that I was going to be here tonight.
And if Ferguson is out of the picture, my son would take complete control of the company.
It sounds like it would benefit you quite a bit.
How much extra are we talking on top here?
500?
Yeah, I'll give you half a mil.
Do you have a gun?
I do.
Is it your like police officers thought pistol?
It is, but uh, it's your service pistol.
Shit.
I'm not a, I never claimed to be a great police officer.
Okay.
You know what?
I'm going to go ahead and roll, roll law for me real quick and we'll see if you were smart
enough to bring a different gun.
I wasn't.
Okay.
Yeah.
You've got your service pistol.
Let me search the house to see if he's got a weapon again.
Yeah.
Your search roll from earlier, we'll have it, you know, go over and you can definitely
find it.
Okay.
So I find his like revolver.
Okay.
You give it to her.
Here's the deal.
I'm going to wait in the closet so that you don't get any funny ideas and I've got my
service pistol on me.
I trust you to do this, but I'll be here just, you know, in case anything bad happens more
for your safety than anything.
And then I opened the closet, give her a wink.
As you're about to walk into the closet, as you give her a wink, you both hear a car pull
up to the house.
And if you go to the window and look, you would see a white 15 passenger van with the
words Jesus Christ ministries in all caps painted on the side.
It pulls in to this beautiful, pristine circle drive in front of the house and the van is
pulling a white trailer that also says Jesus Christ ministries in all caps, a big trailer
on the back of the van.
This beautiful man gets out of the passenger side of the van.
He has perfect hair, perfect teeth, perfect jawline.
He's wearing the fuck out of a bright white suit with a red Rose pinned perfectly to his
lapel.
It is your brother Ferguson beans.
He clicks a button on his keys and as he walks toward his home, the ground around the van
and trailer begins to move and shift and the entire vehicular ensemble is transported below
ground on some crazy futuristic elevators of sorts as the driveway closes back up with
no evidence the van or trailer ever sat there.
That's pretty cool.
Thank you.
And then you, uh, go back in the room and hop in the closet.
I hop in the closet.
I tell her, you know what to do?
Just however you see fit.
I don't know if you want to do it just as soon as he walks in or if you want to let
him get in the room, but just do it and you know, we'll figure it out.
Uh, I'll help you out once the deed is done.
Okay.
I also want to bring the ammonia and bleach into the closet.
Keith, you are standing in the closet, holding these things, looking around.
It's pitch black and you hear the door open and shut and then you hear your brother holler
upstairs.
Joan, is the power out?
You hear a very scared Joan Robin calling back.
Uh, yes, I don't know what it was.
Must've been the storm.
Sure.
Why not?
Let's set the mood, right?
You can hear it.
It's pouring.
Yeah.
Oh, I don't know.
And you're in, in your, your, your, your feet are wet or whatever.
I guess.
I don't know.
Your feet are wet from the wet grass.
Spooky.
Yeah.
That's so scary.
This is a horror podcast.
Remember?
Uh, your feet are way ASMR podcast.
And, um, as Keith walk, as, uh, okay, so, uh, Ferguson walks, you can hear him coming
up the, coming up the stairs and, um, the door swings open and you hear a shot and you
hear a scream and you hear another shot and you hear a different scream and you hear another
shot and another shot and another shot.
And then you just hear crying.
Is it a female crying?
It sounds like Joan crying.
I opened the door.
When you opened the door, she immediately, uh, swings the pistol in your direction and
then like, uh, puts it on, drops it on the ground and is just frantic and she's freaking
out and you see your older brother in this beautiful white suit, Rose on his lapel looking
fresh as hell.
But the Rose is not the only red part of his outfit now as he is just completely riddled
with holes from his own gun.
She runs to you and she wraps her arms around you and she's like, I didn't, I didn't think
it would, I didn't, I need you to roll a sanity check.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I rolled a 45 and my current sanity is 24.
Okay.
So for convincing a stranger to kill your brother and then seeing your older brother's
dead body, uh, on a failure, I'm going to go ahead and have you roll a D six, three.
All right.
Lose three sanity.
Where are you at?
21.
Bringing point is 20.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
So you are kind of losing it, right?
You just start crying.
I think probably, you know, you guys are just crying in each other's arms.
I cry for, you know, a couple of minutes and then I kind of snapped back to it.
I'm like, Hey, okay, just take a deep breath, lay back, lay on the bed and then I'm going
to think of how to clean all this up.
Uh, I think I saw some cleaning stuff in the, in the closet while I was in there.
Just give me a second and we can clean this up and we'll figure out what to do with the
body.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
She just kind of like sits at the end of the bed and with her head in her hands.
Okay.
I go back into the closet.
I get the bleach and ammonia.
Maybe I brought like a little cup with me or something to mix it up, pour them in there.
I'm like, put my shirt up over my face.
Great ventilation.
Yeah.
Um, and then I was probably gonna hurt my hands, but whatever.
I get the rag and I put it in the mixture and I bring it out and walk over to Joan.
Yeah.
This seems like a great thing to clean blood up with.
Look at me real quick.
Yeah.
She's not in any a state of mind to think about anything.
So she just kind of looks up at you and I take my right hand with the mixture.
I put it up on her face, grab the back of her head, like with my arm and just hold it
there.
Uh, okay.
Let's do a strength contest.
Her strength is 45.
What is yours?
55.
All right.
So whoever goes highest without going over shitting ass, shitting ass, whatever that
means.
Well, I know what it means.
It means a ass that poops.
Yeah.
Not a good one.
It's a, but the poops.
Yeah.
So I missed, you missed as this is happening.
She fights you and she can get her hand in between her mouth and nose and the towel that
you're using.
And she starts yelling.
She's like, why, why I did what you asked to go ahead and roll again.
What'd you get?
21.
I got 24.
Oh yeah.
Attaboy.
Describe what happens.
Why did we just cheer you killing an innocent woman?
Well I guess not.
She's a murderer.
Well, are you?
I don't know at this point anymore.
Okay.
So I ripped the towel off her face.
I'm like, Oh my God, I'm sorry.
I just, I saw you kill my, or I saw my dead brother and I just started to freak out.
And then she puts her hand down and looks at me and I put it on her face and I hold
her down, like get on like on top of her on the bed and I hold it over her face until
she stops fighting back.
She's just screaming and squirming, but you hold down until she goes limp, roll sanity.
I do not pass.
Yeah.
So you just killed a woman covering up the murder that you made her do.
Right.
But also I do want to do one last thing.
Can I do that?
I want to, you know, she's on the bed, passed out or whatever.
I want to take like my, I think I have like a handkerchief or something.
I want to take the gun, put it in her hand and put it up to her head and shoot so that
it looks like she killed herself.
Okay.
I'm going to say that you're just in this weird state of like shock and determination
while you carry out this ice fucking cold task.
And she took his gun, shot him five times and then turned the gun on herself.
And that's what you've made it look like.
Yeah.
I need you to roll.
Let's just go D4 honestly, cause it's not as bad as, uh, you know, there's no tie there
I guess.
That's a three again.
All right.
Lose three sanity down to 18.
That is past my breaking point as well.
All right.
And what's your power?
10.
Okay.
I'm doing crazy.
Yes you are.
For good reason.
I'd say.
Yeah.
But it was all for the money.
I did it all for the money.
All for the nookie.
So as you complete this task, you're freaking out.
You've just lost six sanity within five minutes.
So you're losing your goddamn mind.
However, as you're walking away, you see that Ferguson is wearing that watch that you remember
from so long ago, your father giving him, I take my hanky and I take that watch off
of him.
Where do you put it?
On is probably not a good answer in my pocket.
So I wrap it up in the handkerchief, put it in my pocket.
When you take the watch off of Ferguson with this handkerchief, you see that the face of
the watch is blank.
There's nothing on it, which is odd for a watch.
And when you slip it into your pocket, it feels like your consciousness is changing
the channel and you begin to phase out of your reality and you seem to be somewhere
else entirely.
You feel wet grass and dirt on your fingers and you were looking at a door in the ground
like a sealed metal door that was mostly buried was.
And on the door is an inscription, three lines.
It says, here lies the beans, scientists beyond measure, saviors of the world.
Where do you want to end up?
What do you mean?
Like where would you go after all of this?
I do want to do like a quick, obviously I want to put like the chemicals and shit back
where I found them, wipe them down.
Anything that I touched, I want to wipe down so that I can't be associated back to being
here.
Sure.
I'm going to leave the bodies and shit where they are.
Cause you know, I guess I'll just walk back to that tunnel.
Okay.
Do I have her phone number or should I, I don't really know where I am.
So I guess go back to that tunnel and then find my way back to, um, I guess my hotel
motel.
Hotel motel.
Okay.
Basically what we see as the audience is once you put that watch in your pocket, you're
basically somewhere else in your eyes as you begin cleaning up, making sure that the scene
of the crime looks exactly how it should and that your fingerprints are gone and that any
idea that there was a third person there is gone.
And we see you get into the tunnel and walking through the tunnel and your eyes are still
just, you know, kind of glazed over as you, um, not only have lost so much sanity from
doing and seeing what you just did and saw, but also it's almost like you are seeing that
feeling of being at this place with this door that's buried in the ground.
The whole time you're doing that stuff, you're just like halfway there, halfway here, and
then cut to you laying in bed at hotel motel, but you still have that watch in your pocket
in the handkerchief.
Do I have like a safe in this hotel motel?
Yeah.
Still wrapped in the handkerchief, stick that in the safe.
And as the safe door closes...
Do I have the same look in my eyes?
No.
You're back.
I'm back.
John, you just successfully made 5 million dollars by selling cocaine to a random, handsome
stranger named the Duke, paid him a grand to tell you Marvin Glass buys from him in
bulk, and paid 8 of your cousins 10 grand and a 24 pack of keystone light, to which
they each took a petty more sky shot and headed off into the night.
Drew walks up and says, John, I want to, I want to thank you, and kind of sits you down.
He grabs his, uh, his briefcase and he says, I thank you for making all of this money with
me.
This is amazing.
I thank you for showing me how to shoot a gun.
Yeah, actually about that, that's what I wanted to bring up.
And I point my gun at him and I'm like, can you give me that gun back now?
Yeah.
Let's pass it over real slow.
He passes it over and he's like, oh, that's okay.
Sorry, man.
Uh, I'm a man of means now and I can't afford to take any kind of risks.
No, that's fine.
That's fine.
Mostly you are too, dude.
You know, that's how you got to start looking at the world with suspicion and hate and,
and fear for people who aren't as good as you because they're not as rich.
Oh, that's what the rich man gets to do.
Oh, well then can I have that gun back?
No, buddy, you gotta have a gun to make that one work.
Okay.
All right.
Well, mostly I wanted to thank you for your friendship.
You too, man.
You know what, Drew?
I think you are my best friend on the force.
Yeah.
Case an idiot and Clark's real uptight.
Yeah.
Well, you're my best friend in life.
So.
Yeah.
Hey, hey.
Cool, man.
But, uh, I am gonna leave.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Get the fuck out of here, man.
And I think I'm gonna bail.
I think I'm out.
You're out?
Yeah.
I think I'm gonna get a little, uh, a little spot, you know, and, and maybe north, I don't
know, maybe south.
All right.
But Drew, I mean, we're out when it's over, but you're the fucking glue that keeps our
sticky paper together.
And our sticky paper is the, the, the fucking Contention PD.
You're the goddamn peanut butter to our jelly, man.
And I'm the jelly in Clark and, uh, Clark, Clark and Keith are the pieces of bread.
Like, we need you, Drew.
Contention needs you.
We gotta save this fucking town, man.
And then we can go to Florida or wherever else people go.
Mexico, I guess.
Well, maybe you're right.
I'll see you around, John.
And he, uh, takes his briefcase and he gets into his car, heads down the long, long driveway
that you have out to your county road.
What do you want to do?
You're alone at home.
Is there anything you want to take care of before you call tonight?
Yeah, what's my willpower at?
How tired am I?
I did a bump, right?
I think so, yeah.
Your willpower should be at 12.
Okay.
I want to kill Keith Vigna.
All right, let's do this.
What do you do?
How do you prep?
No, honestly, I think like what I would do is just like call Keith and leave some real
drunk angry voicemails as I just pounded fucking keystones.
Do you want to leave a voicemail for Keith Vigna?
Yeah, I do.
Is it ringing?
Yeah.
Is it ringing?
Yeah.
What's his voicemail sound like?
Okay.
Yeah.
Bring, bring, bring, bring.
Hey, I'm a fucking idiot.
Leave your number at the beep.
Beep.
Keith, it's John Lee Pettymore.
I got $5 million now, motherfucker, and I'm going to kick your ass.
Stupid piece of shit.
Messing with my smoky DVDs, you goddamn bandit.
I'm the richest man in the world.
I'm going to stick a boot up your ass and then I'm going to fucking marry the turd that
comes out of that ass.
Let's delete all this.
No, I think that is gold.
I'm going to keep yelling about $5 million and then something about a turd coming out
of his ass.
So I'm pretty, I'm pretty tired from the events of this evening.
So I slam three more celebratory Keystone lights.
I do another line just to get me, you know, put a little pep in my step while I brush
my teeth and stuff.
And I send Keith Vigna a text message that just says, I know, love it.
I kind of spent some time, as I'm a wealthy man now, I have a fortune to protect.
So I am a little bit nervous about all these, these monsters and ghouls and entities that
have descended upon my town.
Got a lot more stake in this place now.
I don't like it.
Now you got to protect your town now.
You could own this town.
Who knew that with such fabulous wealth would come such immense responsibility.
Now that was not the idea of wealth as it was advertised to me, John Lee Pettymore.
A rich man has no troubles friend.
Certainly not supposed to be beset by goddamn supernatural horrors.
Caught at night?
Yeah.
John's gonna sweep up his smokey DVDs and put one in director's cut, fall asleep, smoking
a joint on his couch, dreaming of his millions, but also of terrible monsters.
So John is asleep on the couch with the butt of a joint in his mouth, lit in this cluttered
mess of a living room by the DVD menu screen of Smokey and the Bandit.
The night sky is beginning to turn bright, but the sun has yet to peak over the horizon.
It is early on this cold December morning and the air smells crispy.
A thin layer of fog hangs just above the dewy grass on John Lee Pettymore's property.
John, you wake up abruptly to the sound of two gunshots.
What do you do?
I scramble for my pistol.
You scramble it for your pistol, find it.
And I get, you know, behind some cover, but I peek out a window.
I try to look for where the shots are coming from.
When you peek out of a window, you can see that outside of your house is a woman holding
hostage, the Pettymore cousins and Drew Andrews.
She is wearing jeans with a white shirt and a leather jacket.
She is gaunt with crazy hair and enormous thick glasses that make her already large
eyes look even bigger.
Six Pettymore boys and Drew are on their knees with their hands behind their backs.
Their mouths are duct taped and most are bleeding from some part of their body.
This is even more apparent as all seven of them have been stripped of their shirts.
The other two Pettymore cousins are also bound and shirtless, but they are face down about
twenty feet away from the group, and each has a puddle of blood growing from where their
heads landed.
This woman has a pistol nuzzled into the back of Drew's head.
Officer Pettymore, your presence is requested please.
So John Lee Pettymore IV nearly shits himself.
But he mutters, mo money mo problems, and then he scrambles to the door and he cracks
it open.
I know her, right?
You recognize her immediately as the woman you had the interaction with in the hotel
motel.
So I crack open the door and I shout, I'm here, what do you want?
Drop your gun, or I'll send your friend's brains through his toothy mouth.
It's drop, I drop my, I set it outside where she can see.
It's drop.
Come on out with your hands up.
I come out.
Alright, here's the deal John.
You know who I work for.
Yeah.
Do you know what he wants?
He wants the gun John.
Oh.
He wants the gun?
Not your gun.
No, I know.
He wants the other gun.
You killed two Pettymores.
Well they tried to run away from me.
I don't like it when people run away.
Well that was foolish of them considering the circumstances.
I still probably hate you forever, but I see what you done and why you did it.
Listen, your boss can have that gun when this is all said and done, but I don't particularly
think that's what he needs.
Now he wants to get his boys back, right?
Well yeah, I mean.
Or in another way of speaking, he wants to get his boys back, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well I want to get my town back right, and I think maybe we can help each other in that
regard.
I think we kind of want the same thing, so what do you need?
You can have that gun, but I don't think that's really...
Let's talk about...
You can have that gun, but I think you might find some...
What do you need?
John, I am middle management at best.
I was sent here to collect the gun.
If you don't have it, then I'm supposed to bring something back as collateral, you know,
until you bring it.
So uh...
Alright.
Hey, wait.
I don't have the gun.
I mean it's down at the station.
But why don't you bring me as collateral?
What?
Bring me to your boss.
I'd like to talk to him.
Uh, wait.
The gun is just at the station?
No.
That's what you just said.
Yeah, to trick your dumb ass.
I don't typically roll, but I'm going to go ahead and roll real quick.
This is all my own doing.
Yeah, okay.
You're not going to tell me what the result of that roll is?
We're going to need that gun then, if you have it.
That's all we want.
We don't need you.
We just want the gun.
He wants the gun.
I'm going to bring him the gun.
If not, I'll go ahead and, you know, if you can bring the gun, then that would be great.
If you could go get it now, that'd be better.
For me personally, I don't like being here.
I'd rather go back to the city.
So...
Alright, alright.
Can I deliver the gun to him?
Or I...
Yes.
Can I come with you?
Sure.
Alright.
That's what I want to do.
Jesus Christ, was it so hard?
Let's go get the gun.
Lady, you killed two of my cousins.
Well, they tried to run away from me when I had a gun.
Like I said, I understand, but I'm still pissed at you.
Were they your favorite cousins?
I mean, how many do you have?
Yes, Edward was.
Well, my third favorite, anyway.
Did the other Patty Moore's kind of look up and they're like, what?
And I wink at Jonathan like, you know me, you're my number one.
He smiles through tears.
Edward was his brother.
Sad day for the Patty Moore's.
We're all like brothers, so it's fun.
So let's go to the station.
Yeah, we'll get the gun.
Right now.
If you can introduce me to your boss, I'll get you that gun.
Alright, let's go to the station.
Alright.
I think how this is going to work is she's not going to want to ever leave herself vulnerable
to you because she just killed two of your cousins.
So first she's going to let the cousins all go.
She's going to keep a gun on Drew.
Hey, boys, there's another 24 pack and 10K in this for y'all because of what you suffered.
And I bet they could split.
Yeah, well, I figured you'd divide Edward and Aloysius's share.
Yep.
Love that that's the name you just pull out.
That's a, oh brother, we're at that reference.
It's the name he pulls out.
Perfect.
One of them.
Well, this campaign is turning into a bit of an odyssey.
So she's going to go ahead and have you and Drew drive in Drew's Mini Cooper.
And she's going to sit in the backseat with a gun pointed at both of you as you guys go
down to the station.
Lady, you might get that gun, but nobody fucks with the petty moors and lives to talk
about it.
What you've done today was unforgivable.
And there are many of us living in these Hills.
We're coming for you.
Even if I fall today, the petty moors are coming for you.
Okay.
That's fine.
And she pushes you forward.
All right.
So Clark, you are in this stone room, circular stone room with a stone table light shining
down one man sitting across from you.
He's holding this big fucker.
And then he immediately puts it down in this like container in between his legs and puts
the lid on it.
And he sits back down.
So what do you think?
Can you repeat all that?
Yeah, sure.
So when I was, when I was a young boy, no, no, Clark is probably still silent and staring
at this lug.
Who are you?
Oh, my name is Leon Simpson.
Where am I?
You are in the lair.
Well, layer is kind of a dark word, but it is technically a layer, I suppose, of the
circle of knowledge, which I believe I just inducted you into.
We have a first task for you as a new member of the circle of knowledge.
And he reaches into his pocket and he pulls out the small little plastic container and
he slides it toward you, takes a gun out of his pocket.
And it's not a normal gun.
It's a tranquilizer kind of thing in the little package that he's sliding across the table
toward you.
It's clear on top and there are a couple needles in there.
Okay, so Clark, these are filled with a very particular toxin that will make anyone obey
your will for some time.
And what we're going to need you to do is, well, I don't know if you're aware of this,
but the government isn't too happy with the situation over there in contention.
And we're going to need you to kind of get that under control.
That way we can take back control of your town.
So I'm going to need you to go back to contention.
There should be one FBI agent who is coming in the morning to take over all of the police
work in the town of contention.
I don't see any way that they're going to keep you all on based off of literally everything
that you've done.
They're watching you.
And that's one of the reasons that we're bringing you on is that literally no one will believe
a word you say at this point, honestly.
You have absolutely no credit to your name.
And that's going to really turn out in our favor, I think.
So what you're going to do is you're going to load those needles into that gun.
They shoot out this little microscopic needle that has this toxin in it.
And I need you to make sure that the FBI agent doesn't see anything funny going around in
contention.
Now, Clark, I'm going to ask you this one time.
We're brothers now.
I know you just met me and you just figured out my name, Leon Simpson.
Very good name, but I'm going to need you to trust me.
What's been going on in contention?
Well, Leon, a lot of stuff's been happening.
Tell me all about it.
There's been some black goo and people disappearing in flashes of light.
And I've been seeing things that aren't there sometimes.
And then there were FBI agents that came and they had a black bag and they told us that
we were going to have to put stuff in it to neutralize it or something.
And there was these photos from a camera with tubes and a radio that made a man a cat and
a cat a man.
So, I mean, some stuff's been happening.
It made a cat a man and a man a cat?
Mm-hmm.
What?
The man is a cat now?
He's a cat man?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
What is this ooze, though, that you speak of?
Do you see it everywhere or?
Leon, how come?
How come?
It seems like you know a lot about a lot of stuff, but you don't know anything about any
of this.
Clark, I know so much more than you could ever imagine.
So this is a test.
It's a bit of a test.
The black goo, there was a guy who was vacuuming it.
Okay.
Oh, and it made some, between you and I, a couple kids disappeared in it.
Whoa.
Haven't told anybody that.
Whoa.
Yeah.
Who was this guy who was vacuuming it?
His name was James.
James, the mononym James?
Yeah, you know him.
I do.
Are you from contention, Leon?
Is he still around?
Did you talk to him?
No, James is not, he's no longer with us.
He was in a house that blew up.
Did anyone else, wait, a house that blew up?
Yeah, there was a house that blew up.
It was, our chief Maggie Cook was in, it was her house.
Okay.
There were some other people in there.
Who was in there?
It was Maggie, and it was James.
Maggie is dead?
Maggie was dead before the house blew up, and so was James, probably.
I think the house blew up because it was booby trapped.
Booby trapped?
Yeah.
One of my partners was in there, and I think he slipped or something, and he heard a click,
and then...
Is he dead too?
No, he got out of there.
He rescued my dispatcher also.
Dispatcher?
His name is Drew.
Drew was over there because he got a call from Harold Dorsey.
Is this Harold Dorsey still with us, or?
No, I think he's dead too.
My goodness.
Okay.
Well, that's crazy.
I mean, do you guys know who did it?
Well, when you say who did it, there's a lot of its that it could be that you're asking,
but you know, I'll tell you what, no is the answer to all of them.
Okay.
Well, that's the kind of police work that we've come to expect from you all in contention,
honestly.
Well, I mean, if you had a lost dog, oh fuck, I fucked that up too.
If you needed to cross the road at a crosswalk, we could help you with that.
Wow.
Okay.
Well, this is going to be a bit more intensive than that.
This shooting an FBI agent with the needles and then telling him what to do, but basically
we're going to need you to keep them away from any of the strangeness, any of the goo
that you've seen or ooze or whatever you're calling it, and that would just be great.
You have 24 hours and then I need you to report back and we can make sure that you will be
okay.
24 hours for me to tranq the FBI agent and get them off the trail.
Exactly.
Is there a way I can get in contact with you before that 24 hours is up if I need to?
Yeah, absolutely.
And he slides a business card across and it says Leon Simpson and then it has his number
and that's it.
Nice.
Leon, that thing in that jar there, what is it?
Oh, it's a xenonimatode.
Currently we believe it is a vector from either another time, another place, or another reality.
We're not quite positive, however, it is the thing that Paul Simon found that has connected
the dots of the knowledge of the overseer, which you will attain one day within our elite
group, however that is for another time.
Basically these creatures, they have certain abilities that we have found a way to exploit
and so we need them.
We keep them around for a very specific purpose.
Actually you know what, follow me.
And he opens up the one door in this room and it opens into another stone room.
This one much larger.
This circular room is 20 yards across and has a domed ceiling.
The walls are stone and there are a handful of torches mounted to light the room.
There are six large slabs of stone, each with a couple of people laying on them, circling
a single unoccupied stone slab in the center of the space.
Each person laying down has one of those giant fucked up worm things attached to them and
many of them seem to have dead skin covering one or multiple limbs.
And there is a woman in electric blue slacks and a bright yellow cardigan walking deliberately
around to each slab, checking on each group and checking her watch.
And her back is turned to you.
When you walk into this room you're just kind of taking it all in.
This is a legitimately horrifying sight I would imagine.
Leon kind of grabs your shoulder and looks you in the eyes and he's like, this is the
chamber of the circle of knowledge and here is where we do our most important work.
You see, these brave men and women, and he motions to the people laying on the slabs
who all look very down on their luck.
One might call them homeless looking.
And he says, these fine individuals have dedicated their lives to the survival of humanity.
Have they done it willingly?
That's not necessarily the most important idea to have right now.
But yes, in many cases we have become a much, much better organization within the past couple
of years and have begun to explain to people why they're dedicating their lives before
we make them.
Obviously not you necessarily, but we're also not asking you to, you know, give up your
skin or limbs for the cause.
We want you to be one of us.
And he kind of points at him and the woman in the electric blue slacks and bright yellow
cardigan who is standing on the far side of the room with a notebook, taking notes.
Let's get you going because the timer's already started and I'd hate for the 24 hours to go
up and you know, we really like you around, we'd hate to lose you.
So as he walks you out of the room, you hear the woman say, bye Leon, and you turn back
and look and you recognize this woman.
She is cold and vacant with a big smile on her face and her hair is covering one of her
eyes.
And she says, bye Clark.
You feel a little pinch in your neck.
As I feel that pinch, I'm turning around and running toward.
You're running toward her and she begins laughing as you slowly crumble to the ground.
Clark you come to in the back of a cab, trees lined both sides of the narrow gravel road
you were bouncing down.
Looking back, you see the gravel path leads to an opening where just enough plant life
has been removed to open up space for a parking lot and a massive brick building with two
enormous smokestacks reaching up into the canopy of trees encircling this property.
There is a sign that reads, the mill on the other side of the city.
Of course Clark, thanks.
How am I the only one trying to pull over How can you have enough drowning out of the
dark?
Hello there dear listener.
It is I, your narrative Sherpa, Wolf the dog, standing self assured on this massive mountain
of information.
If you're a bit hazy on all the details of the story so far, fear not.
Go check out episode 96 for a recap of episodes 1-23 and know that you are not alone.
Much love, yours both truly and falsely, Wolf the dog.
