My producer just handed me a note, just a content warning up front on this one for my wolf pups.
Caution, these boys have done some fucked up shit on this show, but this is perhaps a bit more intense.
If you or anyone you know are dealing with suicidal thoughts, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline.
1-800-273-8255.
Take care of yourself, y'all.
Bonjour, my beautiful, bountiful, bouncing baby babies.
Papa Wolf is here to cradle you to sleep with my soothing grumbles and growls.
As always, I am lulling y'all to your dream states live from 694.2 PTBP.
I just want to let y'all know, it's December 6th, and it is the night time.
The good numbers of 6.9 and 4.2 are here to smear me and smear.
That's that good cream, the sweet cream.
When I get all lathered up in cream, y'all know what time it is.
It's Howlin' with Wolf O'Clock, daddios and momios.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf comes from Dustin,
who tagged that pretending pod in a tweet that read,
A stoner, a Jedi, and a surgeon walkin' to a bar.
Blunt. Force. Trauma.
Hell yeah. Jesus Christ. Good job, Dustin.
Dustin writes, Salutations, Wolf.
Dustin the Wind here, from Toledo, Ohio, aka the armpit of the Midwest.
I'm new to the saga of contention, but after my first listen,
I'm made like Muse and plugged in baby.
Now I'm all cut up on the backlog and hungry for more.
Just like I'm hungry for the taste sensation that's sweeping the nation.
Food Witch, now with extra flavor.
What flavor? I'll never tell.
Try one and find out.
Food Witch, it's edible.
Brought to you by Bar Corp.
The only magic we make is the illusion of choice.
Well, hello, Mr. De Wind.
The only processed foods I want are the ones that have been processed by the stew of garbage juice.
And by processed, I mean mostly rotted.
Maybe add a little MSG and sugar to it.
But I'd be willing to try some Food Witch,
if you'd be willing to send me a couple of dumpsters full of them.
I just need that fresh from the dumpster flavor.
Dumpster to table cuisine, babies.
What's that?
You want the opportunity to write up a message for a Wolfie to Hal?
It's so easy.
Just write something nice about us on the internet and tag at PretendingPod.
What's that?
You don't follow us on Instagram or Twitter?
What the fuck?
We post cool shit on there like maps and fan art and pics of Zach's adorable cats Ramona and RoPo.
What's that?
You've listened to over 60 episodes of the show and you still haven't written a five-star review on Apple Podcasts?
That's wild, my babies.
I'm talking to the vast majority of you, but on the real.
Thanks for listening, y'all.
I fucking love making this show just for you.
And guess what?
All five of those pretending to be people stinkers are going to be on Twitch for a night of goofy buffoonery on Tuesday, February 11th at 7 p.m. Central Time.
That's twitch.tv slash pretending pod streams.
Find a link in these here show notes.
Tuesday, February 11th at 7 p.m. Central Time.
Who knows what they'll get up to?
Maybe some Jackbox?
There's only five of them.
Leave some room for y'all to hop in on the action.
Oh, that's going to be fun.
OK, y'all, I got good news and bad news.
Just kidding.
I'm all out of good news.
Last time, our intrepid assholes made their way across campus to Glass Hall, where the biology lab is located.
On the way, they saw unmarked black helicopters in the sky, as well as a couple of goners who were performing some stomach turning acts nasty.
And that ain't wolf the dog nasty.
They made it down to the basement of Glass Hall right outside the lab.
But they're fucking losing it.
And Clark Clark started chanting.
Let's give him something with a little rhythm to spice up that towel.
Well, hey there, Joe.
Hey, Zachariah.
Did anything happen at the end of last episode?
No, I don't think so.
No, nothing important?
Nothing I remember.
That makes a lot of sense.
What I remember is that you lost your fucking mind.
Zero Sand started chanting and then took a big ass finger bump out of Keith's cocaine finger.
Yup.
So what are you expecting for this evening?
I brought my Nintendo Switch because I think I'm going to be not in this episode much at all time.
What are you going to play?
I got Stardew Valley over there.
I never played it before and I've heard it's real addicting.
Is it like Star Wars?
I don't know what...
No, you farm.
You're a farmer.
So it's like what Star Wars would have been about if Ben Kenobi would have never shown up.
Exactly.
If Luke had just stayed on the farm.
Well, what we're going to do is I'm going to give you your objective for the evening.
And we'll start with that.
So first off, you are going to be chanting when we begin.
When everyone comes back in the room all together.
Okay.
So go ahead and just give me like a little example of what that might sound like.
Remember it's towel alacle.
Towel alacle.
Yeah.
That's what it is.
Yeah.
Towel alacle.
Am I doing it right?
Towel alacle.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then you don't have to do that the whole time because that would be annoying.
And I can just do that in post.
You can lay it in.
Yeah.
So we'll get a clean take of that.
Actually, let's get a clean take of it now.
Oh, a clean take.
A clean take.
Yeah.
As opposed to what you were wanting to do there.
Towel alacle.
Towel alacle.
Towel alacle.
Towel alacle.
Perfect.
Oh, you make an insane person look good, Joe.
My dad always told me that.
So next I'm going to have you roll a d4.
Okay.
I got a two.
Okay.
You are going to start trying desperately to kill yourself in two rounds.
So let's call it the third round.
So you have two rounds of just chanting and like maybe moving about and kind of finding
what you're going to use to kill yourself.
And then on that third round, you're going to go ahead and really try to make that a
reality by going through with it.
Okay.
But I have to do it.
You have to do it.
But I mean like, what happens if I get to the third round and I haven't like prepared
well enough, is there a penalty or something?
How does that work?
Because theoretically the guys are going to hopefully try to stop me from doing something.
Exactly.
So just do your best.
And then if you can't do to them, good on them.
However, if you can't not do to them, I'm going to force your hand.
Sure.
Or just, you know, I'd prefer that you do it.
Yeah.
Thanks for giving me agency.
Exactly.
I'm giving you the full reign of motion, full range of motion, but you have to kill yourself.
Yeah.
No problem.
I've never said that to anyone before and I don't like the way it feels in my mouth.
No, I don't care for it.
They're going to use this recording in my trial.
I fucking know it.
Oh, God damn it.
Okay.
So with that all being said, are you ready?
I assume I need to be cagey with the fellas, right?
I believe so.
Is it possible for Clark to speak other than tell a local at this point?
Not at this point.
Okay, cool.
Uh, okay.
We'll see what happens.
Here we go.
Oh, Hey Luke.
That's me.
That's my sign.
Is there like a, what's it called?
Sign on call something.
Yeah.
It's called a sign on call or something or something.
What's up, man?
An image.
You did something at the end of the last episode, didn't you?
I did.
You busted something out.
I busted some lines like a poet.
Yes.
Like a beat.
Like slam poetry.
Cocaine in my brain until I'm insane.
That's pretty good.
Self opinion.
Okay.
So yes, I did.
I've been waiting for a moment to use it and I was like, fuck, this is good as any, I guess.
So there's going to be some positives for using that, but the negative is that you lose 10 luck.
Right.
So you had how much luck?
I had 35 and before you tell me that I have five points, let me say this, because I used
it in succession so quickly, let's call it one.
I agree.
Hell yeah.
So you have 25 luck still.
Tight, tight.
Also using it, I remembered when I first got it, there was a reason that I hadn't used
it, but I forgot what the cost was.
So I was just hoping that it wasn't like something terrible.
So the cost is that 10 luck.
And normally the positive that you would get is that it puts your willpower back up to
full.
However, during this arc, we haven't been using the willpower because I'm still at 10
out of 10 because I forgot about it.
Well, you're such a good GM.
I would, I, you haven't forgot about it.
You just are waiting for the right time.
Exactly.
Thank you for understanding.
So basically what we're going to do is with that, like kick of Coke up in the nostrils,
I will give you a boon later in this episode for using a bonus.
Okay.
Tight.
Same for me and Clark and John.
Absolutely.
Fuck you.
Justin's character.
Donovan West.
Why can't we remember that?
You don't even remember his last name, do you?
West view, West Haven, West Haven, something like that.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry, Justin.
We'll care about your next character.
So just a reminder, before we get into tonight's episode, you have a pile of money in your
pockets and at your feet.
And you're very excited.
I'm so excited.
I'm giving away my drugs.
I'm sorry.
Cause I can buy more.
Exactly.
All right.
Let's get the other boys in here and kick this thing off.
What's the loudest fart you've ever heard?
I don't know.
Nothing really sticks out.
It does.
Nothing has to stick out.
It could just be a fart.
What about you?
I don't know.
That's a weird thing to remember.
Why would anybody remember that?
That's what I'm thinking.
Has anyone had any weird dreams recently?
Thomas?
Yeah.
As a matter of fact, I was just telling some close friends about this weird dream.
I had in our pre-interview.
Is that what they're called?
You really should start treating us like, like, so, uh, you got anything from your life?
Any anecdotes you want to tell?
If not, some of our writers can punch something up for you.
No, but I did have a really weird dream.
Probably doesn't mean anything, but I, a doctor told me to cut off my penis.
Here's the deal.
I was like, Oh, I had this dream.
I went into the doctor because I was having like, I was like, I think there's something
wrong with my penis.
And the doctor's like, yeah, but it's common.
I'm really busy.
Here's some snips.
You're going to cut off the end of your penis, the head and some of the shaft.
Good to use all the scientific terms.
He didn't.
He just like, this is, um, he pointed at it.
He actually said ding dong.
He said, ding dong, but he's the Latin.
He's like, yeah, I don't have time.
You've got to cut off the tip of your penis, put it in this plastic bag and, uh, carry
it around until your appointment tomorrow.
So he made me do that myself.
And as I was logging out the door, he's like, by the way, by the way, don't pee for 24 hours.
And I was like, fuck.
So I probably just had to pee because the rest of the dream was me managing, like just
running into people in life.
And they're like, wait, why do you have your penis in a bag?
And then also I just had this like open penis sore.
And then I really had to pee and I was like, he told me not to.
I was like, but I can probably get away with it.
So I peed and just like blood and piss came out, but there was no like pee muscles.
It was just an open hole.
So it just kind of sprayed everywhere.
I like when you put your thumb over a hose, I thought you were going to say when you put
your thumb over the tip of your penis, just to make the stream stronger.
Well, when you're rinsing off like some chicken grease or something, you got to really some
chicken grease from where?
You know where.
Speaking of taking home stuff from the hospital, Luke, have you seen anything interesting on
Reddit recently?
Well, I saw it on Facebook.
A friend shared it to another friend.
Way to turn your back on me.
What?
Just say you saw it on Reddit because that's what I asked, Luke.
All right, I saw it on Reddit.
A guy in Oklahoma got in a motorcycle crash.
You're a liar, Luke.
He crushed his foot and so they had to amputate it.
Then he asked if he could keep it and he did and then he fed it to his friends in the form
of tacos.
He didn't feed it to his friends.
He had a dinner party.
He had a dinner party with tacos.
Yeah, feet tacos.
Foot meat.
Inspired by our podcast.
Oh shit, I didn't even make that connection.
Wow.
So we want to shout out to our officially number one superfan out there in Oklahoma.
You get it.
He gets it.
Hopping around just like Keith.
I also had a dream.
Wait, no, no, no, no.
Far more interested in whether or not you would eat your own flesh if you had the opportunity.
Honestly, when else are you going to get that chance?
Sure.
I would ask you guys.
I wouldn't be mad if you said no, but I'd be appreciative if you did.
You know what?
I would eat me, but I would not eat you.
I would eat me, but I don't think I'd eat foot.
Like if I lost my leg, I think I'd eat some calf meat.
You can't really be picky.
That's what, no, I think cannibals can't be choosers.
I think I actually can in this instance.
I'm going to choose not to eat any part of myself unless it's the right part.
Honestly, you should have, instead of getting your penis tip reattached, just fed it to us.
Well, I woke up before the penis actually got reattached.
So there's a possibility that in some alternate reality where Thomas got like 30 more minutes
of sleep, you all got to enjoy my dream penis.
My dream penis, which is what I call my penis in real life.
You don't have to detach it yet for us to enjoy it.
Anyway, so you should start with Luke telling his story and completely cut out the part
where I talk about the dick cutting off dream and just let them decide what that's all about.
I won't.
So you guys are all in the basement of glass hall.
Your penis?
Dude, it goes on for like three and a half minutes.
It depends on the mode of...
So you guys are all in the basement of glass hall, right outside the lab.
And you have recently walked down some stairs that were covered in blood with loose screwdrivers,
all strewn about on the stairwell leading down into the hallway that the lab is in.
The lab's just up here on your right, as Donovan might say.
Donovan, what's your last name?
I'll let you guess.
Elizabeth.
View?
West Haven.
You had it right earlier.
I said it right earlier.
And then I told him, I don't think that's it.
Have you never written it down?
It's probably written down like eight times somewhere.
Did he make it up?
Yeah, who made the character name?
Did you get to make your name up, Justin, or did he give you your name?
I didn't give him his name.
Okay.
Zach doesn't tell me to do shit.
Hey, that's right.
Zach was like, if you want to spoil all the story stuff, go for it.
That's essentially what I said.
But I can't, because I don't know what's happening.
Zach's told you at length what was going on in the campaign, but it was just too boring.
Didn't pay attention.
Cool story, Zach.
Ouch.
That was Justin saying that in the past when you told him that story.
I was like, good job, Zach.
I love you.
But he said it really sarcastically, so it hurt worse.
Than if you'd said cool story.
Good job, Zach.
I love you.
And he's just holding up his fingers crossed right in front of Zach's face.
Oh my God.
Dude, the way you held your hand annoyingly in front of a face just looks like you have
way too much practice.
I love you, mom.
I do love my mom.
I love this mom.
You guys are standing there.
Keith Vigna is shoving bloody screwdrivers into his pants pockets.
Donovan is just staring in confusion and amazement and horrifying revelation that
maybe you're not with the best people as Keith just puts his finger up the nose of Clark
Bishop and then puts his finger up the nose of John Lee Pettymore.
And then...
Joe, is this the first time Clark's done cooking?
Uh, yeah.
Unless I did it for some reason earlier in the podcast.
Definitely.
You definitely did not.
Yeah, definitely.
Before he starts chanting.
What's that like for...
So you got to one sanity, right?
Zero.
Zero.
So Clark's just gone.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's sad.
Clark still doesn't know what it's like to do cooking.
The vessel formerly known as Clark.
Towel alico.
Towel alico.
Towel alico.
Towel alico.
I guess we got to shoot them to be consistent.
The lights in glass hall all go out at the exact same time and you are left with just
the red emergency lights.
Do the thing.
The red emergency lights.
The lighting, the hallway that you're in and the lab...
You guys know what happened.
Who told you about this?
I made the room red because Thomas reminded me.
Red room.
Red room.
And you guys see you're standing in front of this lab that is completely just like a
wall of glass, like looking into this laboratory and you hear the doors that you just came
in the entrance to glass hall bust open and you hear a bunch of chatter from up there.
Go, go, go.
And you hear a voice of an older woman say, oh my God, I just got to get you as many
presents as I possibly can get.
Go, go.
We got another.
Clear, clear.
And we are in combat round.
Clark Bishop, you're up first.
You're chanting.
What do you do while you're chanting?
I think we ended with my hand out asking if I could help carry the screwdrivers.
If he was handing me one, I'm taking it.
Otherwise I'm reaching down to the body that had those screwdrivers hanging out of it and
grabbing one.
Yeah, I'm offering him one.
Then I'll grab it out of his hand.
John Lee Pettymore, you're up.
Okay.
So John Lee Pettymore, he's walking towards Clark, but you can tell that he thinks he's
floating, if that makes any sense.
He's making these little tippy taps.
And he's just going to try to like grab Clark and move him into the lab and like hide with
him.
Chris angel style.
Yeah, but our arms, like he's T posing, but doing little T tippy taps as he has his arms
like stretched out.
Clark, my child come, we must get you to safety.
Keith Vigna.
Do I see people coming down the stairs?
When you look back up the stairs, you see the small ugly child that you saw before clean.
He's wearing a backpack and cleaning the baseboards.
Ferocity with ferocity.
That's a word I made up last time.
It means, uh, with the, uh, the very intensely and good and, and, and he's like eating that.
Now I don't remember this.
I don't remember that word.
You might not have been conscious.
Yeah.
I don't remember it either.
So I might not have been.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Okay.
Um, why is there a kid at college?
I hear the yelling and stuff.
If I only just see that kid and nobody else, I'm going to keep getting screwdrivers, just
stuff in my pockets and Donovan Westhaven.
What are you doing?
Is there a, is there a combat move called panic while not moving?
Can I roll?
And Leon Simpson just keeps dancing and grinding, just moving and grooving.
Hey, Hey, you gotta get down to the flow and he's just grinding up on it.
And then you guys hear from upstairs, you hear, you hear a clink, clink, clink, and
looking up the stairs, you see a small canister and gas starts emitting out of it.
And it's right next to this kid cleaning the baseboards with that.
It's Clark Bishop's turn and you are being moved into the lab currently.
What are you doing?
John's just pushing you.
You guys can simultaneously here.
If you're just pushing me, I'm not going with the push and I'm going to the opposite
wall from the glass walls to the cinder block wall and trying to rub the screwdrivers
head really hard to kind of sharpen the tip of it.
Okay.
So if you want him to not do that, we're going to roll a strength.
No, I, I, I abandoned.
I like throw my hands up cause I'm not getting anywhere with him.
And I pick up a pile of screwdrivers from the floor and I wave them.
Look, look, look, look, shiny, shiny screwdrivers.
And I throw them like in front of the door for the lab.
Make it rain, brother.
Hell yeah.
Make it rain.
I like that.
Those were the best ones.
Those were the best ones.
They're all good.
They all worth the same amount.
There was a, there was one that was worth more.
Not what I'm seeing.
It said, it said on there.
Very good screwdriver.
Better than the rest.
I don't know what the hell you're talking about.
But, uh, fuck.
Why are you rubbing that up against the wall?
Double elical, double elical.
Uh, I see that has the, the canister has started emitting.
It's on the stairs.
Yeah.
And it's going off.
Smoke hasn't made it down here yet though.
Is the lab open?
The door is closed, but it is just a push.
It's not like a lock.
I see the gas coming out.
I take a one last, like handful of screwdrivers, shoving my pockets and I head towards the door,
try to open it up and go in that room.
Okay.
Sounds good.
You'll be in there at the start of next round.
Donovan West Haven.
I am going to follow Keith and just cause like, I'm like, it's better than staying right here.
Absolutely.
And Leon Simpson is going to continue just moving, grinding, bumping, bopping, duping,
dipin' and dopin'.
And at that moment you see legs, just legs, and then torsos.
A squad of four men dressed in black tactical gear with flashlights at the tips of their
submachine guns.
And they each have a canister in their hands and you hear, oh, we got a bunch down here.
We got a bunch down here.
Get go, get go, get go.
Ting, ting, ting, ting, ting, ting.
And four canisters roll right next to you guys in the hallway outside the lab.
And...
Joe, if you could hit that vape real hard and just blow it around here and get some
smoke in the room, really make it, really make it real for us.
Fatter, fatter.
Oh, we need those clouds.
Get that rip.
Oh shit.
That was actually really fat.
It's like I'm looking into the sky on a beautiful summer's day.
Thomas, what if you got popcorn lung just from that one hit?
I'd haunt you all.
We'd all talk like every time you were haunting us, we'd be like...
No, that's what I would do.
Every night while you tried to sleep.
Just behind your head.
Clark Bishop, it is the top of the third round and you have a sharp screwdriver in your hand.
What do you do?
He kind of looks around and gives a smile to everyone around
and jams the pick into his eye and up through the top of his head.
Clark's chanting ceases as he shoves this sharpened screwdriver into the white of his eye
and blood begins dripping down his face.
But with one last staccato motion, he shoves the handle of the screwdriver
flush with his eye socket and a stream of warm dark red blood sprays into the air as
each of his limbs go limp and the body of Clark Bishop crumbles into a pile on the floor.
So it's my turn.
It is your turn?
I'd like to load our autosave.
Wait, could I have done that, Zach?
We turned autosave off and we...
Oh, come on, we're on survival mode?
Are we going for achievements?
I think we were fighting the fishmen the last time we actually saved.
Well, listeners.
You all walk into a dank, dark room the size of a football field and you see
catwalks going...
No, I quit the podcast.
Yeah.
Joe, Clark is dead.
Long live Clark.
Long live Clark.
Get the fuck out of the room.
Good luck, fellas.
Your hair looks pretty crazy right now.
Wait, wait, wait.
Can Joe just lay down on the ground right now?
Make gurgling sounds.
Joe, be a dead...
Oh, roleplay a dead guy.
Can we eat your foot?
I'm at it.
John Lee Pettymore, it's your turn.
You just saw Clark Bishop stab himself in the eye with a screwdriver and fall limply
dead to the ground.
Yeah, and you see that affect real John just very briefly.
Like a flash in his eyes before he...
Well, that's real handy because I'm going to have you all roll sanity for me.
Oh, I passed 16 on a 19.
Oh my God.
The only reason I passed or the only reason I rolled is because it's my friend.
If it was anybody else, I'd be like, I don't give a fuck.
I got a 99.
Oh, God fuck.
Which is the crittest of fails, except for 100.
Except for 100.
Hey, Thomas, you're going to lose four sanity.
Well, that's all I got.
Yeah, no more sanity for John Lee Pettymore.
Okay, I need Donovan to roll a d4 for me.
Oh, there it is.
One.
Nice.
So as you lose one sanity, you're still going to be able to keep your wits about you for
the time being as fucked up as that seems.
Not too rattled on.
You don't really know this guy that well.
With that, though, I'm going to have Luke and Justin leave the room.
You guys could just stay here.
He's not like a cop or anything.
Can you stop me, sir?
What are you going to do about it?
Don't leave.
Wait, you listen to cops.
As soon as they come back in the room, you're going to start chanting.
Can you teach me how to chant again?
A towel.
Towel.
Alakol.
Alakol.
Towel alakol.
Yes.
Towel alakol.
And I need you to roll a d4 for me.
Three.
You are going to start working on finding a way to kill yourself over the next three
rounds.
I mean, I think I just have a gun, right?
Yep.
And on the fourth round, you have to go through with it.
Can I go through with it before that?
You cannot.
Oh, okay.
I have to give them a chance to realize what's going on like we didn't with Joe?
That is correct.
Okay.
I'll get the other boys back in here.
Okay.
John Lee Pennymore walks straight back to the corner.
He's still doing the tippy tap thing.
Like he thinks he's floating with his face to the corner of the back wall of the slab
and his arms outstretched.
He starts saying.
Towel alakol.
Towel alakol.
Towel alakol.
Towel alakol.
And you guys notice as you, as you get into this lab, you're just paying so much attention
to John as he walks away from you and starts chanting this that you barely notice the woman
and the lab coat or the man and the lab coat sitting at a desk faced away from you.
Are there two people?
Two people, one man, one woman, both wearing lab coats and the woman looks at you and it's
like, oh my goodness.
Oh, oh, thank God someone came except for he's doing the, he's doing the chanting and
he is he.
She looks at Keith Vigna and Donovan Westhaven and it's like, do you know how to fix him?
I like briefly look at her and then I look down, I get down on my knees and I start pulling
all of the stuff out of my pockets and I start counting it with a huge smile on my face.
Donovan, what are you doing?
I don't understand the, to the, the woman who's talking, what about the man?
Is he also looking at us or?
No, he's faced away from you and he's bent over a desk, kind of like slumped over.
Okay, well, I'll acknowledge the person who's acknowledged me as is Donovan's way.
I don't, I don't understand what's happening.
These, these people, they've all started going crazy and I don't know what's happening.
Everyone all over the campus is going crazy.
And they've all been committing suicide after they started going crazy.
I'm trying to count here.
Why is he counting screwdrivers?
I don't, I don't know.
He just started doing this minutes ago.
And then you guys look out and through the glass, you see into the hallway
filled with smoke and bathed in red emergency bulbs.
Through the gas, you see the beams from four flashlights attached to the barrels of this
four man squad's rifles.
The hazy gleam illuminates the screwdriver filled old woman and the body of Clark Bishop
before all four rifles are pointed at Leon Simpson, who has ceased to dance.
And you hear and then, and then he falls over without doing anything.
He's just standing there chanting.
And then he falls over clear.
We got more in the lab.
On the right.
It is John Lee Pettymore's turn.
John turns around from the wall and looks at the door and draws his gun.
And that's his turn.
Keith Vigna.
As I'm counting, I like look over my shoulder through the glass.
I see Leon fall down.
What else do I see?
These guys, they move in and they're all wearing this like full tactical gear from
combat boots all the way up to a gas mask, big goggles on the gas masks and helmets on top.
Just some straight Resident Evil motherfuckers.
I position myself to wear my pile of goodies.
Like it's me, my pile of goodies.
And then I have clear sight of the door looking at them, but also just continue counting.
What's your name, sir?
Donovan.
Donovan Westhaven.
I go here.
Are you the only one about them who's got the wits?
I think so.
I don't know why, but I haven't been infected with whatever's happening.
I'm Barbara.
This is Phillip.
And she points at the man who slumped over behind her and she's like, we are also fine.
Everyone's going crazy around us and we're just fine.
That's a relief that there's, it's not just me that's safe.
Yes, absolutely.
But I mean, you've seen it all from the beginning, ain't you?
I guess I have.
I just, I thought there was some like weird campus prank or something in the beginning.
And now it's freaky.
It's it's I don't, I don't, he doesn't know how to find the words to describe the terrors
that he is experiencing.
When he's, he's like stammering and finishes.
I look over my shoulder at him.
I'm like, I think they sent the tweets and then I continue doing what I'm doing.
Oh yes.
Yes, I did send those tweets.
Yes, me and me and Phillip both sent those tweets.
And Phillip, tell them, tell them what you told me earlier.
Dead silence.
And then she's like, Phillip, you have such a wit about you.
Fuck.
Like, he's so like, he's like, Oh God, I'm literally the only sane person right now.
I look over at her.
I'm like, did you guys leave this outside?
Did you leave all this outside?
Oh, and I, I wave, I wave one around.
Barbara looks back up to Donovan and she's like, why is he doing that?
I don't know.
I mean, I guess there's no reason for any of this anymore.
I suppose it's just more for me then.
Oh, crazy.
I think, I think we need, is John still chanting?
I think we need to, can we, can you help me restrain him?
Yes.
Yes, of course.
I'm like walking towards, do I even know John's name?
Oh God, sir.
I just know Clark and Leon.
Yeah, probably not.
So I'll let you guys roll a, uh, if, if John, uh, doesn't want to be.
John will contest it, whatever you do.
Okay, so you'll get a strength check and I'll give you, because there are two of us doing
it, even though we're probably not as strong as John Lee Pettymore is, I'll give you a
70 strength with two people working together.
So it's a blackjack rules.
So you want to roll as high as possible without going over.
Price is right rules.
John's got a 50.
What did I say?
Blackjack.
Oh yeah.
Price is right.
Makes way more sense.
Well, you always want to hit that big roll in blackjack.
Okay, come on.
Spay and neuter those pets, Justin.
Fuck.
I fucked up too.
So I got a 14.
I got a five.
Yeah.
Yes.
Okay.
So as Barbara and Donovan come toward John Lee Pettymore, what does John Lee Pettymore
do?
Oh, he just like, he very smoothly just like wiles away.
He just kind of like waves his arms and he's gone.
He's so slippery.
And it's John Lee Pettymore's turn as these four men point their flashlights into the
lab through the glass door and are clearly preparing an entrance.
John Lee Pettymore points his service revolver at his chin and he says, God is dead.
God remains dead and we have killed him.
And it's Keith Vigna's turn.
I look over my shoulder and I see them getting ready to come in.
I grab an arm full of what I've been counting, trying to get as much as I can.
And I run behind the desk, drop it on the ground and then prepare for an assault.
I'm going to take my gun out and I want to shoot John Lee Pettymore to stop him from,
I'm assuming killing himself because that's all I've seen is people kill themselves.
Where are you shooting him?
I don't know if Donovan would know better to like, not the head.
Yeah, you have a 30% on firearms we dictated.
So a called shot would give you a 10% chance.
So you're just going to go ahead and fire.
I'm just going to shoot him and hope it like
knocks him out of shooting himself and disables him.
Go ahead and roll that firearms.
But can I have a bonus power of love of Clark?
The spirit of Clark compels you.
This is for Clark, my new dad.
Oh no.
Yeah, I'm good.
Didn't.
87.
He's bad.
He's not good.
You shoot John directly in the head.
Oh God.
It wasn't a crit fail.
So you fire just past him and you're like, the camera zooms, like the camera is looking
at your gun as it fires.
And then when it zooms up to your face, you've got your eyes closed.
That checks out.
You see that there's this piece of machinery behind John Lee Pettymore where he's standing
and Barbara looks at you and she's like, that happened to be the machinery we were going
to use to try to create some sort of antivirus for whatever's happening here.
Oh God.
I'm so, I'm so sorry.
And then she turns to Phillip and she's like, Phillip, I just don't think that we're going
to be able to make it through this.
And she puts her hand on Phillip's shoulder and as she does, she kind of like pushes him
a little bit and the rolly chair that he's in rolls, like spins around.
And you see that this man has no eyes and there's blood just running down from his eye
holes.
And in each one of his hands, he is holding his own eyeballs, stringy mucus hanging off
the end of each one limply in both of his dead hands.
So you're like Pan's Labyrinth.
Yeah, exactly.
But grosser somehow.
Oh, much grosser.
And at that moment, the door gets kicked in and you hear, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
And you hear canisters hit the floor and smoke starts filling the lab.
It's John Lee Pettymore's turn.
With a look of just complete contentment, it's honestly unnerving.
But you've never seen a being more at peace with itself.
John Lee Pettymore just looks out at all of you and like smiles and then blows his brains
out through the back of his head.
I need you both to roll sanity.
Pass.
He knows we're all ball.
I fail.
Roll a d4 for me, Luke.
Three, which brings me down to 16.
Alrighty.
Thomas, go ahead and leave the room.
John Lee Pettymore falls backwards and hits the ground.
And a pool of blood starts forming around his head.
And it's Keith Vigna's turn.
Well, I hear the gunshot and I turn around to see it.
Fuck.
And I almost like, I feel like I'm going to throw up, but I keep it down and I look down
at what's in front of me.
This is all going to his funeral, if I can keep it.
And then I look at the door.
The smoke is currently coming out of the canisters on the ground in front of you.
The next thing I want to do is when they enter the room.
Okay, Donovan.
Donovan would instinctively like go into like, I'm being arrested mode because he's like,
I don't know what the fuck is happening.
And everyone he's been following has gone crazy and is either killed themselves or is
counting screwdrivers on the floor.
He just like gets on his knees and like submits.
Like does the hands behind the head, just gets on the knees.
Help, I don't know what's happening.
Help.
I hear him say that and I look over to him like, you got to help me protect this stash.
Get up and fight.
I do not.
I feel betrayed and then I am preparing, but I wait for the entrance of.
Yeah, if you're, if you're like holding your turn until something happens, these guys bust
into the room all four of them at the same time.
From that preparing, like an aim kind of thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So what do you do?
I pick up the objects in front of me, a handful.
I like focus in on them.
My mind is going a thousand miles an hour from that bump of pure coke.
Glass family cocaine.
Glass family coke.
Focus in on the four guys.
And what Donovan would see is I take a screwdriver in my hand, holding it like a piece of money
paper and I like snap it, flick it like I'm throwing a card.
Right.
And I'm aiming right at the neck between the helmet and the body armor.
Sure.
And that one exposed piece of skin.
Yep.
And I.
Try to throw a bunch of screwdrivers.
Well, I am flicking in my mind, paper money at them, trying to like get it into them.
But in reality, I'm throwing screwdrivers into their necks.
Okay.
So you're going to roll athletics and I will give you a plus 40, 20 for being prepared
and 20 for being gacked out and just fully believing that this is possible.
And then negative 20 for it being a called shot.
So it's a plus 20 overall.
And not one.
No, you fucking didn't.
I fucking swear to you.
Seven.
It's a seven.
Holy shit.
God damn it.
I thought it was, but I mean, that's still pretty good.
Yeah.
It's still a pass.
So I thought for sure it was a one.
I was stoked as fuck, but nope.
Seven.
With that, I'm going to have both of you roll a constitution check.
You will be at a negative 20 for being yocked out of one mind.
23 on what would be a 50.
Pass 38.
Yes.
Okay.
So three screwdrivers hit the guy who's leading the team.
Two of them just hit him.
Like one hits him in the gas mask.
One hits him in the chest and they just bounce off.
But one of them slides through and hits him directly in the neck, right in between the
gas mask and his body armor.
And he falls to the ground and the other three are like, Oh shit, he's got screwdrivers.
He's got screwdrivers.
And they fire.
When I hear he's got screwdrivers, I laugh.
I'm like, that's what you call it.
I got screwdrivers.
Also, I am hiding behind this desk.
So I'm covered.
In order to use cover, you would have had to say, yeah, beforehand.
And then you would have taken another negative on that role.
So I think the only part exposed is your head.
My, my, my most vulnerable part of my body.
Yeah.
Okay.
All three of them passed their firearms checks and they are, they're lining you up.
Keith is going to take 22 points of damage.
I'm still alive, baby.
How much HP did you have?
25.
Holy shit.
So you're down to three because you took more than half of your full health points in one
hit.
You have to roll a constitution check in order to not take like major damage.
46 on a 70.
All right.
So not only are you still conscious, but you're not going to take like a lifelong ill effect
to those bullets.
I don't know how life, how long life is.
You're like bleeding out on the ground.
You're like laying down, but you're still conscious and you can still act.
Barbara immediately is just like hugging on to Philip, the man who is like bent over and
he's like slumping out of the chair.
And as she's trying to like cover him with her body, they both kind of fall out of the
chair together.
You see them both hit the ground and looking over, Barbara's eyes are wide open, but she
is unconscious.
Keith, it's your turn again.
I'm laying on the ground.
I put my finger into a bullet hole, pull my finger trigger, and I mainline some fucking
coke right into my bloodstream.
All right.
Lose 10 more luck and I'll let you just hop to and do whatever you want on your next turn.
Also, as Donovan is acting, you hear me go.
Did you see that?
Donovan is like, just like, what the fuck is that?
Like he's like still just on his knees.
Yeah.
I'm just like, I'm like, I'm, I'm not one of them.
Like I'm trying to like communicate with the people over.
Is it, are the gunshots happening as I'm talking or is it already?
The gunshots were already happening.
And then one of them, as you're like clearly giving up the gun, one of them runs up to
you holding like an oxygen mask kind of thing and is going to try to put it on your face.
Are you going to let him?
I let him.
Okay.
So as he puts it on your face, your eyes roll into the back of your head and you fall on
your back right to sleep.
Oh,
pleasant.
I need you to leave the room, Justin.
No, I'm good.
Okay.
Sounds good.
I'm not a cop.
Keith, another one runs up to you and is going to do the same thing, has a gas mask and yells
out to the others, like this one's a fighter.
Oh shit.
There's something, this one's really, what in the, and they're going to try to put this
gas mask over on top of your face.
This guy is looking me in the eyes and he sees my pupils are dilated.
Like I have no iris and they're dilated so much that I have very little white in my eyes.
I see him coming up doing this.
I take a screwdriver and shove it through his neck.
Opposed melee combat.
I do want to set this up.
I do that with my left hand as I have my hand on my gun in case I do pass this role, preparing
for my next.
Okay.
Sounds good.
So what am I rolling?
Opposed melee combat.
That's a 42 on a 50.
I rolled a 16.
Oh, okay.
So you shove this screwdriver up into the exact same spot that you hit the other guy.
Carotid artery.
Oh, and blood just splatters straight down all over your blood riddled body already.
I look like Nick cage and Mandy.
And this guy just like falls over to the side.
And I take, I take the screwdriver out because that's a fucking hundred dollar bill.
I shove it into my pocket and then I aim my gun at the next guy.
So there's one who's putting the gas mask on Donovan.
One who is coming around the other side of the room.
Not the gas mask on Donovan's guy.
Okay.
Sounds good.
So it is their turn.
And as they turn the corner rifle aimed at you, they see the second victim of your screwdrivers
and immediately fire.
Rolled a 17 and is going to get you for six damage.
That kills me.
As Keith Vigna is staring down the barrel of this guy in full tactical gear coming towards
him, you know, he's a trained shooter.
He's got his gun right at you.
You've taken out two of them, but you couldn't handle all four of them by yourself.
What is the last thought going through your head?
I get shot in the neck in that same spot.
I killed the other two.
I fall to the ground and in front of me, I see this giant pile of screwdrivers and I
smile to myself and I reach out and I touch one.
I hope I can take this with me.
Through the haze and red emergency lights, we see the two casualties of Keith's screwdrivers,
lifeless in pools of their own blood.
The camera leaves the lab, passes the elderly pile of a corpse in the hallway, moves up
the stairs and out of glass hall.
The CSU campus is humming.
Sirens are constant.
Limp bodies are being transported by teams of two in full tactical gear and dragged into
prison transport buses.
The sky is littered with unmarked black helicopters.
We see one hovering above the minion atop the bell tower, a rope ladder allowing ShamWow
Chameleon to get even higher.
As we leave the CSU campus, we see a confluence of black SUVs heading toward one of the taller
buildings of the city skyline, a building that is being climbed by something massive
and spherical.
We continue past the business district and swoop down into the back of a van heading
out toward the pier.
The broken and upgraded and dead and metal corpses of John Lee Pettymore and Keith Vigna
are jostling around the posterior of this van that pulls up to a grand old edifice alone
on the edge of the water with a well-lit sign outside that reads, The City Asylum.
Inside the front doors are two familiar guards, tall and overweight and all black with prominent
facial scarring.
After we move down through the floor, we are immediately looking through a long line of
the bottoms of feet.
Body after body has been laid out in a row covered in sheets, feet sticking out.
We stop on the final four soles.
Both right feet are blank.
Both left feet have dead skin in the shape of the circle of knowledge, but one left foot
has the name Maggie burned on top of the seven circles.
Our vision moves up through the ceiling and into a small dark room.
Donovan Westhaven wakes up to the sounds of beeps and bloops of a machine that you feel
yourself connected to and you're laying in a hospital bed in a room that is completely
dark except for the lights coming from the machine on either side of you.
You see that your blood is being drawn and there is an IV in your other arm and then
a screen turns on like a TV that's on one of those like roller things that they would
roll in when you're in elementary school.
To watch Magic School Bus on.
When your teacher was hungover.
Yeah, sleeping.
The screen is a freeze frame of like a webcam video and it's Harriet Marks who you would
recognize as a fellow student at CSU.
She was a political activist pro-union and you know made herself known all over campus
so you knew who she was.
She also became quite something in the news when she committed suicide in her dorm room
and the video starts and she is mid-chant.
And then you see at the bottom of the screen the barrel of a gun comes up and she squeezes
the trigger and then she with a splatter of blood behind her falls back and out of
frame of the camera and you're just looking at her dorm room with a paint of blood behind
her on the wall and on the ceiling and the video stops.
And a man comes out of the darkness in the back corner of the room and you can see that
he's lit by your machines and he's wearing a black suit with a black tie and a white
shirt.
I need you to tell me everything that happened.
Okay.
So
try
hello there dear listener it is I your narrative sherpa wolf the dog
standing self-assured on this massive mountain of information if you're a bit hazy on all
the details of the story so far fear not go check out episode 96 for a recap of episodes
1 through 23 episode 97 for a recap of episodes 24 through 46 episode 98 for a recap of episodes
47 through 64 and know that you are not alone much love yours both truly and falsely wolf
the dog
