Hello to all my friends from the underworld, the overworld, and the in-between world.
It's your multi-dimensional devilish demon wolf the dog, and I'm also a radio DJ for
the station we all know and love, 694.2 PTBP.
And I'm here to provide you with ear cream in the form of my beautiful soul tree voice.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is the cream of the ear crop, and it's from TLN in Kansas
City, who tweeted about the show and tagged at Pretending Pod, a nice thing you can do
right now, like super easily.
Thanks TLN in Kansas City, TLN writes.
Hello wolf, and thank you for the ceaseless howlin', keepin' me company upon these
dayless moors.
TLN here from Kansas City to give a shout out to the very vilest viziers whose creative
powers have wrought upon this world great and terrible things.
Because of you we have unleashed the weird and wild, the book of gob, the thawing kingdom,
marvelous mutations and merry musicians, and very soon the world shall behold the dreadful
sunny smiles unicorn farm and unicorn meat.
May the pig king remain at rest, may the seven finger hand reach to the ends of the earth,
long live the vile viziers.
Damn TLN, you had me at unicorn meat.
I generally consider myself a vegetarian, but I dabble in some minced mythical meat
every now and again.
Thanks for writing whatever the fuck all that was TLN, I appreciate it, even if I don't
know what in the ever lovin' fuck any of it meant.
If you want to write up something for your wolf to how, tag us on the internet or write
up a five star review on Apple podcasts.
The links are in the show notes.
The sausage links are in the gross throats.
On the golf links I have the most strokes.
Fuck Mark Zuckerberg it's time for the news.
Last time we met the disguised Lafayette J. Honeycutt, a rival inventor who has snuck
into Cicero Mordaunt's New Year's Eve party to unveil his own mysterious invention with
his security detail Harvey Brewer, an absolute hulk of a man.
We also met Checkers, the oddly deep voiced 19 year old leader of the Last Branch, a cult
hoping to recruit the wealthy and powerful with the disarming charm of Checkers and the
spiritual potential of Elden Ring, an open vessel seeking otherworldly knowledge.
Will the Last Branch gain a key third member?
Will Honey J. Laugh-a-cut, aka James Dean, aka Dave Ellington, figure out what the deal
is with Cicero Mordaunt's new invention that requires all these cables and antennae?
Will Scott admit that Elden Ring is a perfect character name?
Come on down.
No one sane will follow.
It's the renowned Isabel Crane with Hollow.
With a tissue and a faggot bone You were hollow and you spoke to me
Hollow and you sang I thought you might be starving
So I gave you everything
Did you like that, Scott?
I think it helps focus the mind before a session, so yeah.
We try to do a lot of stuff that helps focus the mind before a session.
What do you do, Luke, to get into the mindset of a role-playing session?
Wake up, roll out of bed, and sit down on the couch.
What about you, Scott?
Maybe a different answer?
No, that's pretty much it for me.
I don't do any prep for anything.
I mean, if I'm GM, you're lucky if I read the fucking scenario.
I'm so jealous of your skills.
I over-prep so hard for everything, and I talk to myself in character voices, and my
wife asks me how I'm doing, and I'm like, fine.
I worked out a while back that I was absolutely shit at character voices, so I don't really
try them anymore.
I feel like you give them vocal affectations even though you don't do accents.
Yeah, I try.
I don't try full voices, but I try to differentiate them a bit.
Also, for us, you already have a built-in character voice.
But it's the wrong fucking accent for everything I've run for.
Hey, Scott, will you run some stuff that's only set in America for us?
No, the next one is he's going to force us to do English accents.
The next time, we'll all do English accents.
Oh, God.
Hey, Scott, would you like an accent?
That would be so much less fun for him.
It'll just be Beatles and Cockney accents.
Yeah, that's cool.
We're the Beatles.
It's taking me something like 30 years of living in England to get the hang of this
already.
Don't confuse me.
I'm Ringo, isn't it?
Is that good?
Wow.
Yep.
There we go.
Well, we were talking weird science.
What's your favorite weird science movie, Thomas?
Oh, I like that movie, Weird Science.
RDJ?
What's the Val Kilmer, is it Young Genius?
Real Genius?
Yeah.
Something like that.
Real Genius.
Real Genius.
Yeah.
I like that one.
Oh, God.
I haven't thought about that film since the 90s.
Why do you know it, Joe?
It was one of those movies that would run on HBO when I was a kid.
It's just perfectly childish enough that I was into it.
Yeah.
Did you know that your parents letting you watch HBO at a young age made you who you
are today?
Yeah.
Definitely.
Did you ever see boobies on there?
Taxi cab confessions all the time.
That's why I am the way I am.
Obsessed with boobies.
Were there nipples on taxi cab confessions?
Sometimes, if you were lucky, if it was a good episode.
You know, if the driver was shirtless.
Scott, when you were coming up, what was the thing that was scandalous that you hid
from your parents that you were looking at?
Oh, God.
Oh, this has got to be a deep cut and very obscure, but I think the inappropriate media
that I encountered at a fairly young age that shaped me and my parents really didn't like
when they encountered it was a book called Image of the Beast by Philip Jose Farmer,
which is a science fiction novel come sort of new Irish thing that was published in the
60s or 70s.
And it is basically just somewhere between bizarro fiction and outright pornography.
It's one of the weirdest books ever written.
It is insanely on brand for that to be a fact.
To give you an example of the kind of book it is.
One of the characters in this is Gilles de Rais, AKA Bluebeard, but it's not the classic
Gilles de Rais.
He's been reincarnated and he now lives as this snake-like entity living in the womb
of one of the female characters.
And his shtick basically is every time she has sex with anyone, he comes out and just
bites the cock of the person who's having sex with her and kills him.
Oh my God, that's great.
Well thanks a lot, Scott.
I didn't need to know I was into that too.
I had a VHS of Double Jeopardy and there's a sex scene in that movie and I would just
watch that.
I thought you meant like you had taped an episode of Jeopardy and you're like, there's
a sex scene in this Jeopardy.
I was just thinking, I don't remember Trebek ever working with me.
This was Tommy Lee Jones.
Let's go to...
I'm like, Joe, I didn't have to hide anything really.
So my parents exposed me to a ton of media and stuff.
They were separated, so my dad was a little more permissive about what I got to watch.
Well, like a lot more permissive.
And so South Park came out in 1996, I think.
Oh my God.
I was...
30?
I was 30, yeah.
I was seven years old and my dad was like, hey, there's this show I think you're going
to really like, but you can't tell your mom you watch it when you're over here.
And so for a few years, South Park was a secret, but that was literally the only thing I had
to not tell one of my parents about.
When I was six years old, my mom also said the same thing to me, hey, there's this show
that's coming out and I think you're going to like it.
It's called VeggieTales.
It's Pokemon.
I thought you were going to say the Left Behind movies.
I did read all the Left Behind books and it gave me night terrors.
And so in order to fix me, my parents prayed for me.
It didn't work.
It was just anxiety, guys.
It was just anxiety the whole time.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Religion.
Religion.
It's a hell of a drug.
Let's do some lines.
It's pretending to be people.
I Googled it and I was eight when South Park came out.
Oh wow.
That is young to watch South Park.
I was probably nine by the time he showed it to me.
I'd already been watching The Simpsons since I was literally born and I was obsessed with
it.
And he was like, if you like The Simpsons, you're going to fucking love this shit.
I'm not going to say how old I was when South Park came out.
I was four years old.
Oh fuck.
I was 32.
You'd already lived so much life, Scott.
So how did South Park hit you?
All right, let's kick into...
Appropriately.
Yeah.
The target demographic.
All right.
Last time on Pretending to be People, we played Colputhulu.
Colputhulu.
Colputhulu.
Actually the P is silent.
It's just Thulu.
We introduced our characters and made it to the party and kind of got acquainted with
the goings on of what's happening at the party.
Can we give a quick rundown of our names and our characters real quick?
Thomas?
Jay Honeycutt, a gentleman inventor.
I'm Harvey Brewer and I'm here to protect him and make sure nothing happens to him.
Checkers, leader of a fantastic organization.
It's a cult and I'm Elden Ring and we're trying to change the world through the powers that
exist between mind spaces.
We got government officials, we got...
We're going to bag ourselves a senator and a movie lady.
Star of...
Favorite movie she was in.
Oh, probably Last Train to Jacksonville.
Clarksville.
Nope.
She did a whole series.
Last Train series.
Yeah, they're some of my favorites.
I like the rom-com First Train to Love Town.
And yeah, we went to the party and currently I believe Thomas, Jay, Edgar, Honeyfella and...
What is your guy going by here at the party?
David Ellington.
David Ellington.
David Ellington and Harvey Brewer are checking out the radio antennas that are strangely
sticking out of kind of like the front of the house and also the tower that seems to
have been built outside of this estate.
Yeah, I think we're turning around to pick up our coats from Kochek.
Yeah.
You guys are going back out in the cold.
I'm standing in the warm about to talk to a senator about the world.
I think that's a good point to pick up from.
Yeah.
There we go.
Eldon was making his way through the crowd.
Say the last name, Scott.
I like to go by first hand last names.
Brought to you by From Software.
Mr. Ring was making his way through the crowd.
Oh, get it?
Because it's like mystery, but it's also my name.
What is your name?
Sekiro.
Halo 3.
So, yes, Mr. Ring is making his way through the crowd, trying to home in on the senator.
But before you get a chance to, there is a woman who's been making her way through the
crowd as well.
I think she's, you reckon, probably in her mid 40s.
She's got fairly frizzy reddish brown hair.
She's got thick glasses on.
She's wearing a bald gown that doesn't quite fit.
Like a number of the guests here, she looks a bit flushed and drunk.
She just comes up to you and grabs you by the hand and says, you look like a dancer
and immediately sort of whisks you off and starts dancing with you.
Well, yes, thank you so much for that.
And he begins dancing with her and says, you look absolutely wonderful.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, you are a darling little man, she says.
Oh, yeah.
He's looking up to her as they're dancing.
His feet are on her feet, like.
Yeah, you got a good view straight up at her buck teeth and nasal hair.
And she's swinging you through the crowd.
What brought you here this evening, my dear madam?
Oh, I'm here with the Harvard contingent, you know.
Oh, very good.
Are you expecting much from the party tonight?
Not really, no.
Champagne, the occasional dance.
Psychic attack!
Psychic attack!
Psychic attack!
How does the psychic attack work?
What is the...
Did you just perform a psychic attack?
Scott, Zach had his hand raised for a psychic attack.
He thought it so loud.
So you tell me if I'm wrong here, but I believe we roll a power contest against each other.
Yeah.
So is your goal basically just to get it to go away at this stage?
No.
So my goal is to continue dancing with her while basically intimidating her into continuing
dancing with me while I completely eliminate all of her magic points and she comes under
my thrall.
Is this how you get cult members?
Yes.
Holy shit.
So yeah, then give me a power roll, I shall roll against you as an opposed roll.
Well I passed with a 62 under a 90.
Regular success.
So if you psychic attack me at some point, we'll be doing a power roll off?
Yeah but I'm trying, I don't want to psychic attack you.
Okay, she failed.
Oh, sick.
Well, you say that, but there's something weird that happens when you do this.
I mean you basically use the tricks that you've honed to try to take control of her mind and
you realize as you're doing this, someone's beaten you to it.
You're trying to grasp hold of her will, but it's like it's already in the thrall of something
else.
You could give me, I'd say, another power roll here to see whether you can deduce what's
going on.
That is a success.
59 under 90.
Yes, as you try to grab hold of her mind with yours, you're looking into the darkness.
You're looking into the darkness that is enveloping her mind.
Try to find something, anything to hold onto and there is something in the darkness there
with you.
You can just hear this growling voice from all around, this sibilant growling voice that
just says, mine.
Give me a sand roll if you want.
I got chills a little bit.
I will absolutely give you a sand roll, fuck.
Yeah, in real life I lost sand.
So as far as sanity goes, I have 90 because my power and I rolled a 63.
Okay, so you don't lose any sand for this, but it probably still gives you enough of
a start that it breaks you out of the psychic trance that you were going into to do this.
The woman looks at you strangely and says, are you all right?
Yes, ma'am, what is your deepest desire?
I thought you were going to say, what's your deal?
What's your deal?
She looks at you strangely, my deepest desire.
Oh, I suppose I really want to see Cicero's invention.
I want to see it succeed in every way possible.
It's got to change the world, you know.
Interesting.
Do I also believe that?
Um, up to you.
Sounds like it already has.
Ma'am, tell me anything more that you know about this wonderful invention that will change
the world.
I too am interested in learning about these things.
Oh, yeah, of course you are.
I mean, it's going to be the most wonderful thing ever.
It's got to change the world, you know.
Yes.
What will it do?
It's got to change the world.
Incredible.
Everyone here has been brainwashed.
Okay.
Uh, he is going to go back in.
He's going to try to like get in and then fucking fight.
Like once he's in her mind space, he wants to punch up.
Oh, so what are you effectively trying to use her as a conduit to get to whatever has
got to her first?
Yeah, I'm playing, uh, what's that lawn game with the balls?
Croquet?
Yep, I'm using her as the, uh-
You're playing psychic croquet.
Yep.
I prefer psychic curling.
Psychic croquet sounds amazing, but how are you playing psychic croquet with her?
Okay, so you know when one of your croquet balls gets up against somebody else's croquet
ball, so then you put your foot on your croquet ball and smack it and then it shoots theirs
off in a crazy direction.
I'm smacking her and the point is to make the movement happen on the other side of her.
I like this.
You make that work.
I do like that.
Yeah, I like that a lot.
Just as an aside, I'm pretty sure I saw psychic croquet open for Hawke when she needed it.
Psychic croquet, holy shit.
So I rolled power again and I got an aught 5.
Okay, let's see what your opponent gets here.
So you've got an extreme.
Yes.
I see him.
I think that might help me with my double jump up to punch this guy's butt with his
mind in his space, he's a silly goose, he doesn't know who he's messing with, he's messing
with Elden Ring.
He's got an extreme as well and his power is significantly higher than yours.
Oh, damn.
This time you're in her mind trying to shunt through to this other mind and it's almost
like there's no resistance and yeah, you can push through her mind and connect with this
thing that's on the other side.
And then you realize this only happened because it let you.
And suddenly you feel like a rat in a trap.
I'm in danger.
There is something that has just seized hold of your psyche and I mean, even if you want
to try to pull your mind back, you can.
Checkers, where's checkers?
Yeah, as this is happening, I come out of the bathroom and I am coked up and had slammed
like three drinks.
So I'm feeling pretty wild, but I see him dancing and not talking to the senator and
I am not very happy about that.
Not only dancing, but I read in the book that if you fail these checks or if someone is
looking and paying attention to the face during a psychic attack, they're contorted in pain
and confusion.
Oh, it's worse than that here because what checkers sees as he comes back from the bathroom
is that Mr. Ring has broken off from the dance.
The woman who was leading him through the crowd now seems to be standing over him.
You see Eldon just fall to the ground with a heavy thump and she's standing over.
Are you all right, mister?
And at least you think that's what she's saying.
You could barely hear her over the band.
And there are a few other people who've stopped their conversation and now gathering around.
Yeah, there's Eldon lying on the ground, his eyes rolled back into his head.
As I see this, I approach, I'm like, everybody stand back.
And I pull out like a little vial from my pocket.
It's like smelling salts.
I like put it under his nose like this happens all this has happened before for sure.
And I'm like prepared.
I'm going to have that because I have the resourceful talent.
Oh, nice.
Sure.
Oh yeah.
If you want to spend 10 points of luck for that, that's perfect.
I would, uh, I'll just not spin the points.
I know I can do that, but yeah, I want to do that and basically like snap him out of
it.
And as you do so, I mean, there is a hand that comes down on your shoulder and as you
look around, you can see that there is this clergyman who you've seen moving through the
crowd before when he's got a fairly thin face and graying temples, he almost chiseled
good looks.
He gives you a concerned look looking down at Eldon as well and says, uh, is your friend
quite all right there?
He's got a very sort of cut glass English accent says something I can do to help.
It happens all the time.
He's got a condition, but this bad boy right here usually snaps him right out of it.
Oh, well I suppose you better do that then.
Uh, yeah, so I, I smell salt Eldon, uh, and I'm like, but like, I'm like looking at the
clergy guy while I'm doing it mine, mine, mine, mine, mine, mine, mine, mine, Eldon.
What happened?
I mean, actually, no, you have a condition.
This happens all the time.
Don't tell me what happened right here in front of this guy.
Yes.
Perhaps we better get your friends somewhere quiet.
Who are you by the way?
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's terribly rude of me.
I'm Reverend Nye.
I earned this whole deal.
Thank you, Reverend.
Uh, Reverend Nye.
Is it Bill Nye?
Is it Bill Nye?
Uh, Reverend, thank you.
I think Eldon, are you good?
I think I don't know that I want to be isolated at the party unless you feel like you need
it.
I'm sure we can find somewhere quiet just for him to recover his senses.
He gestures at one of the serving staff who's going past and just says some water for this
young man here.
Thank you, Reverend Man of the Cloth, sir.
I would like to look into his eyes and try to get a read on him.
Yeah, I was going to say, is there like a human type, uh, skill?
That's psychology.
Psychology.
Perfect.
Can I psychology this guy to see why he's trying to isolate us?
Sure.
Yeah.
38 on a 60.
Okay.
It's going to have to be a hard success, so you'd have to spend eight points of luck to
make that.
Do it.
Let's do it.
Minus 18.
Yeah.
I went down 10 for the smelling salts and now I am at 32.
There is something about his manner for all the urbaneness that strikes you as being terribly
predatory.
Master Checkers, should I trust this man?
Well, we always trust men of the cloth, but it's a party, so sorry, but no rest tonight.
That's right.
Sorry.
It's a party.
And, uh, I, I help Eldon up off the ground, miss, uh, Reverend I nice to meet, nice to
meet you.
Maybe we can catch up later, but we've got an important business to attend to and I kind
of gesture towards the Senator.
He smiles at you and says, of course, of course, but we must talk later.
I'm sure we have great things to discuss.
Well, if you read this, uh, you know, you'll, you'll know what I'll be wanting to talk about
later.
And I hand him one of my pamphlets.
He takes it and immediately scans it and flicks through it and says, oh, how wonderfully droll.
And then tucks it into his pocket.
Checkers is coked up and he has just created a shit list and this guy is at the top of
it.
Before you lead Mr. Ring away from the Reverend, Eldon can give me a SPOT HIDDEN, if...
74 on a 25.
So you lead Eldon away from the Reverend who turns around and starts making small talk
with someone else.
Okay.
And yeah, we'll, we'll head towards the Senator Billings.
Okay.
So we'll come back to you in a few moments.
Let's cut back to our scientific investigation team outside.
Newly, newly outfitted in their coats.
Okay.
So you've gone back inside, you've managed to get some coats, uh, they might even be
your own.
Their tongues have warmed up to body temp again.
You're right.
We found some, we got some better coats.
Does this look good on me?
Um, so yeah, we are, we are trudging back.
Lafayette wants to go see this tower.
Come along, Avi.
We've, we've got to get to the bottom of this.
Uh, and I believe the bottom of this is at the top of that tower.
I get it.
I get it.
You're saying that this thing points at that thing, so it must be related there.
You know, my last several men were much dumber than you and they didn't appreciate my wit.
And so you're, you're a delight, Avi.
It is a delight to have you along.
Well, I've got your back.
Well, I, well, I got your back.
There it is.
There it is.
It's easy to do.
Now, now forward, Avi, for science.
Yeah, we're, we're making our way to that tower.
Making our way to the tower, walking slow cause it's snowing and cold.
You mentioned, you mentioned to think of it as kind of like a watchtower.
Is there forestry around it or is it kind of standing on its own in a field?
It's standing on the edge of this plateau that makes up the, the compound, the sort
of grounds of the manor house and the outbuildings.
So it does overlook some woodland, but it's not actually in the woodland.
Gotcha.
Sure.
When you get up to the top of it, is it like one that kind of has like a like porch around
the outside and you like walk through a door into a building or is it just like open on
the top?
Well, you're going to have to, I think, get a bit closer to really see the top of it.
Luke's trying to fast forward.
Yeah, because it's now snowing so heavily that even by the time you get to the bottom
of it, the top of it in the darkness and the snow isn't really visible.
There is a ladder that goes up to the center of it.
So there's not stairs.
It's just like a ladder that goes up to, okay.
I don't want to ruin the reveal, but if we used my invention right now, we sure could
get there a lot faster.
And it gives Harvey a knowing, like wink.
Does Harvey know what's in the case?
He does.
I'm going to show you, Joe, but I have it written down.
I just hadn't had the moment to-
Does Scott know?
No, Scott doesn't know.
Nope.
I am a quiver with anticipation.
Scott doesn't know.
Don't tell Scott.
No, it's just, I took the gadget talent and chose this gadget.
Cicero Mordant is going to eat fucking crow when he sees my cool ass gadget.
Oh, you hypnotized a bunch of fucking assholes at your mansion?
Well, I can't say anymore, but you'll see.
I think he can fly.
I gathered some sort of levitation device.
Levitation device?
No.
Are you guys coming louder or what?
So were you, yeah, was that what you were intimating?
Is it we're going to use it or we're not?
No.
Gotcha.
It's not at the time, Harvey, but so they keep trudging on through the snow towards
that tower.
And you mentioned some outbuildings.
Are they like a groundskeeper's house or is it more like industry, like science-y?
No, I mean, that said, I mean, you do know that there is an outbuilding around the back
of the manor house, which is Mordant's laboratory.
But the ones that you're passing on your way to the tower, there's some old stables, there's
some garages, there's this building, which, yeah, maybe a groundskeeper's cottage or something
like that, where there does seem to be a party going on for the chauffeurs.
None of it is necessarily related to the weird science.
No, not that you can see.
I mean, the only building that you can think of that might have anything to do with that
is Mordant's laboratory, but you haven't been there yet.
Well, I mean, this time, but that is where I fucked his wife.
Jesus.
Yeah, he hates me.
At the bottom of this tower, is there any of that stuff that we can see on top?
Are there wires or anything coming down the legs of the tower?
There are no wires down here.
It is basically just a wooden frame with some metal supports and a ladder going up.
The ladder is slightly iced over, but as long as you're careful going up and down, you should
be fine.
Keep your tongue away from it.
You don't have to lick everyone.
I vote we go up.
I thought you were going to say, I vote we lick everyone.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I was imagining we're licking everyone.
Okay, so yeah, Harvey, actually, no, Lafayette definitely orders Harvey up there first.
Yeah, for sure, I'll start climbing up.
Okay.
Yeah, you make your way up and it is about a hundred feet tall.
Harvey looks down and goes, yep, most of them are cold.
Oh, do, do, hurry, do hurry, Harvey, and then throw down a rope.
Seems more difficult.
The higher you get, the more aware you are of how strong the wind is as the snowstorm
is building up and the snow is getting quite heavy.
But you make your way up and there's a trap door in the bottom of the platform that's
up there.
But, I mean, if you try it, it's not locked, you can just push it open.
Okay, I do that, I pop my head up.
And inside, it's dark, but you can see what looks like maybe electrical equipment and
some maybe work benches or consoles or something like that, a lot of wiring.
But up above, on a separate platform above you, you can just make out the outline of,
yeah, maybe you've seen something like this before, it looks pretty incongruous, but it
looks like the kind of huge light or bulb or whatever that you'd see in a lighthouse.
Oh, wow.
Why just spill your beans?
I kind of report down to the Lafayette, are you staying at the ground or were you coming
up the ladder behind me?
I mean, he's 100 feet down below in high winds, you're not going to be able to shout down
to him.
So he's peering up and as soon as he sees Harvey peek his head up and get in there and
not be immediately eviscerated or thrown back down, he starts climbing up after him.
You make your way up.
It is a bit of a tricky climb at times, again, because of the high winds and the icy rungs,
but you make it up there.
And sure enough, you are inside this cabin atop the tower that's got glass windows that
are rattling a bit in the high winds.
You can see outside in the darkness the shape of a variety of aerials poking out.
There seems to be a lot of wiring inside and yeah, this light up above you.
You know how that one aerial outside on the house was pointed up at this tower?
What?
I'm sorry, Zach?
He said aerials poking out?
Yeah, he said aerials poking out and Zach looked at me and started playing with his
nips and was like, uh, uh, uh, and then you said aerials again and it just really sounds
like aerial is, so yeah.
Did the nipples that we saw earlier, are they, uh, is there any more of them from our vantage
point now?
Are there any more on the house or anything?
Give me a spot hidden, Raul, because you are looking through heavy snow in the dark.
I pass a 21 on a 70.
Oh, so that's a good, that's a good situation.
So looking around, as you scan around the main house and the outbuildings, no, the only
aerial you can see is the one that is directly above the ballroom, but you do see something
else.
And just for a moment in the darkness, you think you see something moving in the snow,
a large shape is impossibly as up in the air, almost as high up as you are, just moving
fast through the air, a dark shape.
And then it disappears.
Is it going in a certain direction?
It seems to be heading towards the house.
Good question.
But I've lost sight of it at this point.
Yeah, because there isn't any light up here.
It's dark and it's snowy.
Harvey is just pointing to where he last saw it and trying to get Luffit's attention.
Uh, boss, there was a thing and, uh, use your words, man.
What did you see?
I saw a big thing up in the sky over there.
It was, uh, it was, it was moving, it was moving fast, but I did, I lost sight of it.
It was heading for the house.
A big thing moving towards the house.
How big?
It's really difficult to say because there wasn't really anything to give you a sense
of scale as it moved past.
You think it might've been human size, but you're not sure.
We didn't, we didn't pass anyone, Harvey.
What did, what do you think you saw?
It had to have been a, you know, a boy, a boy.
It was a boy.
Nevermind.
It was just a boy.
A boy was, it was in the air.
It was, it was big though.
It was bigger, bigger than I picture most boys, but it had to have been a boy.
What else would it be up at the same level as us at this point?
Lafayette is, um, is thinking hard and tapping his suitcase, but he doesn't open it yet.
So is Lafayette taking a look around at the equipment here?
Yeah, he's going to start investigating what Mordant was up to in here, what he can deduce
that this place is for.
Okay.
Have you a choice here as to whether you use engineering or electrical repair to try to
work all this out?
Those are dead even scores for me.
Okay.
I think for flavor's sake, he's, he's looking at the electronics around here and following
wires and trying to see what is connected, you know, to what device and what it might
be for.
He's probably using both skills to be honest, but he's, you know.
But if you get an ordinary success, you'll be able to work out most of it.
If you get a hard success, I'll give you something extra.
I got a 54 on a 90.
Oh, close.
You could spend nine.
You could spend nine points of luck.
You'll learn a bit more.
Do it.
I will do it.
Nice.
Good.
I'm, I'm all about whittling down that luck, preferably to get you below 30.
Oh shit.
I forgot.
Can you explain why?
Okay.
In pulp Cthulhu, you can survive certain death, so you could have, yeah, you could be on top
of this tower.
It catches fire and the, the falling structure collapses down into the forest below.
Yeah, almost certainly killing anyone, but as long as you have 30 points of luck or more,
you can spend all your luck in one go and survive that certain death and just narrate
how you managed to get out of the situation.
Okay.
As soon as you have less than 30 points of luck, however, you're dead.
Well, okay, so yeah, I do.
He spends the luck and he, are you sure you want to, yeah, I'm, I'm above 30.
I'm doing all right.
He spends that luck.
He puts it all together and, and has an epiphany moment and, and what does he discover?
One thing I'll ask before you do this, do you have any points of Cthulhu Mythos?
I have 10%.
We'll see what that applies in a moment.
The first thing that you work out is that this does tie in with your working theory as
to what that other antenna was, that electrical wiring and the antenna around here do
seem to be receiving equipment for whatever is going to get transmitted from the house.
And you reckon that when the power turns up, that it is going to light up that huge light
up above.
Sorry, what light is that?
The huge lighthouse type bulb that is above your head.
What makes less sense to you is some of the other antennae that are around here, because
looking at the design and looking at the way everything is connected, there are a few
smaller antennae that point out in other directions that you're fairly certain are
designed to transmit, but they don't look like they're designed to transmit power.
They look like maybe radio antennae, but you're not really sure.
There's something about the design that looks weird even to you.
And this is where you could give me a Cthulhu Mythos roll if you want.
Are there penalties for fumbling?
Um, well, penalties, no.
Maybe a lot of fun to be had.
Are there ways to make the story cooler?
Right now, he just has that weird tingle at the back of his mind again, and he knows something's
not right.
But I can guarantee if he fumbles, something fun will happen.
You should do it.
Yeah, you should definitely do it.
It'd be weird if you didn't.
No, I'm not going to do it.
Oh, I'm sorry.
We should have told Thomas not to do it.
Hey, Thomas, don't do it.
I'm not...
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Okay, so yeah, I mean, there's something weird about the design of these, but you can't quite
work out what it is.
You know, Harvey, there's something quite weird about all this, but I can't work out
what it is.
What do you mean by weird?
I mean, it's a lot of that same kind of equipment you got in your place.
Nothing's weird here.
Again, Harvey, I know the distinction may be subtle to one such as you, but I'm a man
of science, and this is weird science.
Do you need a twine on anything?
Maybe take some readings?
He's a little depressed.
This is more advanced than he thought Mordant was capable of.
He doesn't know exactly what it is.
He knows it might be cool.
It's at least big.
And he's like, oh, Harvey, this evening isn't going anything like I imagined.
I haven't even seen Cicero or his wife.
He dejectedly flips a couple switches on and off, and he's like, but what's the point?
Does anything happen with those switch flips?
No, because there's no power at the moment.
Yeah, the power looks like it's running from the house to here.
There are no power sources here.
Yeah, it looks like if you're right, and that antenna on the main building transmits
electrical energy, it looks like that powers everything that's up here on the tower.
You could probably roll Cthulhu Mythos to figure out more.
Probably could, yeah.
Might fumble, though.
It'd be cool if he did.
But what if he passed?
It's a one-shot.
You shouldn't...
Yeah.
Listen, I'm not familiar with Pulp Cthulhu.
I just know that when you mess up Mythos shit and the other versions of shit...
It makes it cooler?
No, things go very, very bad.
It makes everything cooler.
We're Pulp Cthulhu heroes this time, so even when shit goes bad,
we're still going to be able to pull it out.
He can mind attack people.
Yeah, I fucking mind it.
I just feel like he's fooled everyone else in this room here.
He was like, no, just do it.
It'll be fun.
Scott has built an awesome roller coaster, and I just want to strap in and ride it.
Then you take a Mythos roll, bitch.
One thing I'll point out, though, is that in Pulp Cthulhu,
you can spend luck to mitigate fumbles.
That's true.
The fumble is only if it's a 96 or higher, right?
Yes.
Oh, that's fucking nothing.
Yeah, just roll it.
All right.
24.
God damn it, that would have been so funny.
24, yeah.
You could spend 14 luck.
No, no, I'm good on that.
Oh, Cthulhu Mythos?
I'm okay on that.
Okay, then...
Oh, well, hmm.
Cthulhu Mythos?
You think it's that important?
It's pretty cool, yeah.
No one ever passes these.
No, dude, I cannot spend that much luck.
I can't spend that much luck right now.
I'm sorry, dude.
God damn it, I've never been more disappointed.
Can I spend my luck?
I'll spend 14 of my luck to make this a success.
Next episode, if you guys want to trudge out here
and spend your luck, do your Mythos rolls.
I will.
I'll spend 14 of my luck.
And we'll talk to the movie stars and the senators.
You know, I am willing to accept that.
Fuck yeah.
The movie stars is.
You're willing to sacrifice 14 of your luck?
Hell yeah.
It's that psychic link you guys have.
Then what you pick up from this is there is something about the design of these other
aerials that is, for a start, very different from any of the other technology that you
can see around here.
But there is something that, as bizarre as it might sound to your obviously rational
mad scientist mind, is that it seems...
Sorry, we're losing you.
And it made a really funny sound as we lost you.
Yeah, it did.
You're like, as bizarre as it might sound...
Am I practicing with you?
Yes.
Yeah, you seem good now, yeah.
Okay, I'll try that again.
As bizarre as it might sound to your otherwise rational mad scientist mind, there is something
about the design of these other aerials and the circuitry leading to them that looks,
well, alien.
You're fairly certain that the technology here, even though you may never have encountered
anything like it before, is not of this Earth, and that it is designed to broadcast some
kind of signal using means you can't quite identify.
You think that the signal that it's sending out may even be a psychic one?
Sanity check.
Yeah.
Do I need to take a sand check for that?
I don't think so, no.
You are a mad scientist, you've got weird science, so I think this is in your wheelhouse.
Awesome.
Okay, so grasping what is going on and being an intensely jealous man...
Um, Harvey, would you lend me a hand in destroying all of this?
And he wants to just smash up everything, and it's like a fit of...
It's like professional rage.
He can't believe Mordant has built a tower.
A, he has a bad feeling about what the purposes of that broadcast are, but B, he is just enraged
that Cicero Mordant has built this kick-ass alien radio tower, and he is going to smash
it like a child.
Harvey cracks his knuckles.
Say no more, boss!
And comes down with a Hulk smash on the nearest console.
Lafayette unscrews a knob from like a lever and chucks it at the big light bulb.
Oh, yes!
In which case, let's cut away from you two as you have your protracted temper tantrum,
and go back to the others in the ballroom.
Mr. Ring was going to have his second pass at trying to meet the senator, and this time
he is accompanied by his boss.
Can you give me listen rolls each, just to see whether you can pick up snatches of conversation
as you're passing through?
I got an aught too.
Oh, I also pass 35 on a 50.
Then...
I don't super pass, like, uh...
Yeah, well, I think what Mr. Ring picks up is just a couple of snatches of conversation
where you do hear that phrase being repeated that you heard a few months ago.
It's going to change the world, you know.
But what Cheggers picks up on a 0-2 is one of the groups you move past.
There are three people standing together, all talking to each other enthusiastically,
and they're all just looking at each other over and over again, saying,
it's going to change the world, you know.
It's going to change the world, you know.
It's going to change the world, you know.
It's going to change the world, you know.
It's going to change the world, you know.
That's so good.
That's so fucking cool.
Can you give me a sand roll?
I love this game so much.
Is my sanity equal to my power?
Is that right?
Yeah.
Initially, yes.
I pass then, 75 on a 90.
So yeah, you don't lose any sand for that, but it may still send a shiver up your spine.
Yeah, it creeps me out for sure.
And then I make a mental note of like, maybe Elden can get into their heads later.
Like, they seem pretty easy.
Pretty easy.
Because that's worked out so well for himself.
Yeah.
Sweat drops down from his forehead.
But honestly, the invention is pretty low on my concern level.
Same.
Senator is top priority for me.
So we're continuing on to Billings.
Senator is a way bigger deal than actor.
So we're going to really give our go here.
OK, so yeah, you walk over and the senator is talking to a younger woman, maybe in her
30s.
She's very expensively dressed, wearing a nice diamond necklace.
She's perhaps not the most attractive woman you've ever met.
She's got one eye that seems to swivel around a bit and a nose that's a bit too large for
her face.
But she's got an absolutely radiant smile.
Just roasting this poor woman.
Yeah, you were really rude until the last thing.
He based it on your mom.
That's why it takes so much offense.
You could give me education rolls, the two of you, just to see whether you recognize
her.
I think I do recognize her.
I do, too.
With the 24, 54.
OK, yeah, again, you've seen her in the society pages.
This is Margaret Payne, who's the heiress of the Payne fortune.
She is primarily a philanthropist that she's involved in a lot of humanitarian and art
charities.
And she and Senator Billings seem to be talking quite animatedly as you come over.
So, yeah, as we approach them, Eldon, you take the senator.
Yeah, of course, Checkers.
Yeah, definitely.
What was her name again?
Margaret Payne.
He whispers.
He's like the bag man for Checkers.
He's like, it's Margaret Payne is the philanthropist and Charlton Billings is the senator from
Vermont.
Thank you.
Miss, Miss Payne.
And she looks around and says, oh, do we know each other?
We're about to.
And I turn the charm on.
I should give you a penalty on the charm.
Well, I roll an ought to again.
Oh, my God.
Then somehow, despite that opening, she seems to warm to you and say, oh, did we meet at
that party in the Hamptons last summer?
You do look very familiar.
I don't believe we've met in real life, but you have seen me in your dreams.
And she tilts her head back and laughs quite musically and says, oh, you are funny.
Yes, funny.
I actually have a charity that you might be interested in.
I know that you're a big, big into philanthropy.
And yeah, the last branch.
Have you ever heard of us?
The last branch, I'll tell you what, give me a LUCK roll.
24 on a 32.
Yes, I'm trying to work out whether it would be luckier or unluckier.
I think it's probably I think it's probably better for you if she hasn't heard of you.
Right.
Yep.
And she says, no, but you must tell me more.
Oh, well, we've got, you know, Miss Jermaine?
Oh, the actress, I saw her earlier.
Yeah, she's a big...
Between you and me, I'm a little bit worried about her.
I saw her come back from the lavatory earlier and there was white powder on her nose.
Oh, yeah.
Ask this lady if she has any cocaine.
The one who's worried about them then doesn't know what to wipe out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I actually spoke to her when we arrived at the party and I got rid of that for her.
I was worried as well.
Oh, you must be such a good friend to her.
She is a very important part of our organization.
The mind is the most important part of the human soul body space.
Yeah.
So our organization serves to help free people's minds in a sense.
Oh, do you find a lot of people whose minds are enchained?
Everybody's is.
Yours included.
Really?
Really?
Yes.
Yes.
You must tell me more about this.
Before we get into all that, have you seen our host anywhere?
I'm a little bit worried about him.
I have not.
Have you seen him this evening?
Not at all.
And I'm a bit worried.
Cicero and I go way back.
We were engaged, we married once.
But tell us more about the heartbreak that must have come from that.
Well, relationships fail for a variety of different reasons.
But I'm more concerned about how he's been in recent months.
I mean, have you seen him at all over the last year?
He's a changed man, isn't he?
I'm really quite worried about him.
I mean, we were talking about your young lady friend a little while back and perhaps indulgences.
But I'm...
Do you think he's indulging?
Is she paying to get her sins removed so that she may go to heaven?
Eldon, quiet for a second.
Nobody had Luke tell Zach to calm down Bingo.
She looks at Mr. Ring quizzically for a moment and then continues,
Well, I'm just a bit concerned, yes, that...
I don't know, maybe it's nothing but some of the changes I've seen in his personality
and the changes in his health, I'm a little bit worried about him.
Particularly the fact that he hasn't made an entrance when this is his big night.
And you know Cicero, don't you?
I mean, you know how much he loves working a crowd and making new friends.
Quick question, when you think about his new invention, what comes to mind?
It's going to change the world.
I look at Eldon and I'm like, do the thing.
He looks back and he looks scared and he like shakes his head no
and like kind of like moves back away from you like a dog that did something wrong.
I pull the smelling salt vial thing out of my pocket, I'm like,
it's okay.
The pained look on Eldon Ring's face as he tries to decide whether or not he can...
Margaret Payne look.
As he's trying to decide, you know, whether or not he needs to follow his master's...
Psychic attack, psychic attack, psychic attack!
Okay, well give me that roll.
I legitimately feel like stunned and psychic attacked every time you do that.
I got really excited because I rolled a 44.
That is a hard success though.
Nice.
I thought it was a crit.
Oh, but we're not playing.
I am going to roll against you from your psychic opponent.
Of course.
Hard felt good.
Hard felt good.
That's what she said.
Wow.
Yeah, that's an extreme.
Oh, fucking shit!
This time the darkness closes around your mind once more.
And you hear this, this voice again in the darkness.
Oh, you are a tenacious little thing, aren't you?
I think, I think we should play together.
Would you enjoy that?
Yes, sir.
Good, good.
I think while you're here, why don't you help me?
Okay.
You'd like that, wouldn't you?
You'd like to help me.
Yeah, everybody likes to be useful.
Yes, I thought you would.
Well, it is very, very important that everything goes well as possible tonight.
There's no interference, no silly games.
I think it's important there's no silly games.
And more importantly, that everyone is impressed
by Cicero's invention because it's going to change the world, you know.
It's going to change the world, you know.
And you do understand how important it is to get that message out there.
I can feel your little gifts there.
Why don't you use them in service of me and of Cicero
and of the glory that his invention will bring to the world?
What's your name, sir?
I have many names.
I have so many names.
That's cool.
I gave myself mine.
Well, isn't that special?
The evil voice in your head really condescended to you there.
No, no, no.
I felt no condescension.
Elden Ring is like, oh, yes, to be held.
Checkers is standing there looking at you with your eyes rolled back in your head.
And he's like, he's nailing it.
That's my boy in psychic warfare.
Well, if I can count on you to help me with this small matter,
then I'm sure we'll be great friends.
Otherwise, I may have to punish you.
You do understand, don't you?
Yeah, I sure wouldn't like that.
Good, good, good.
I'm so happy.
And if you're happy with me framing it this way,
perhaps then Mr. Ring wakes up once again there on the ground with checkers.
You're doing the spending salt trick again
and Miss Payne and the senators standing there looking worried.
And standing in between them is the Reverend Nye,
and he just smiles down at you and winks
and just for a moment as he winks,
you can see that his eyes are completely black.
Fuck yeah!
Oh, hell yes.
Yes, yes, yes.
I didn't know that the wind could sew
through tissue and faggot bone.
You were hollow when you spoke to me.
Hollow when you said
I thought you might be starving
so I gave you everything.
Thorns and rocks and devils' clothes
and briars and private clay
and crocus blossoms in February
and I live in May.
Time between a mother's fingers
and spit off of a bridge.
Restless legs at 3pm while waiting for a fix.
So come back here and see what's left of me.
Is this the wholesome girl you left in Missouri?
My voice is nothing now but the howl of the wind.
Come closer dear, in my teeth,
thread her in my jaw.
Come closer dear, in my teeth.
Thread her in my jaw.
