Allow me to introduce myself for any new listener who happened upon our show during this new
series of stories, or any old listener who is confused about whom or what I am.
I am Wolf the Dog.
I am the DJ.
We broadcast live from 694.2 PTBP, the best radio station that ever was and shall be,
alongside my producer and my dog, Wolf the Dog.
You are my listeners, my special wolf pack, my pepperonis.
You listen intently whenever I speak.
You give me your love, your energy, your spoiled goods.
You gaze into the void that is my maw.
You feel comfort.
I give you an endless amount of content, a recap of whatever happened whenever I am in
the last little while, a new song by a new artist every week, and I sometimes read the
things you write towards me in our segment called Howlin' with Wolf.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Mads, at Medusa, but it's spelt all funny, who proudly
hails from Sacramento, California.
They tweeted about the show and tagged at Pretending Pod, a thing you can also do if
you have a Twitter account.
Mads writes,
Hi, Wolf.
This one goes out to the Neo Scum Discord and all the nasty little freaks in there whom
I love more than I can put into words.
Heck, I got matching tattoos with a bunch of you and I think that says it all.
I refuse to give Cameron the satisfaction of a shout out by another scummer for getting
so many of us to turn the dial to 694.2 PTBP.
You hear that, Cam?
Wait, shit.
Wolf, cut that part.
I can bribe you with some primo trash juice.
Listen to Neo Scum.
Neo Scum good.
Anyway, here's Wonderwall.
Hmm, Mads, Mads, Mads, Mads, trying to bribe me of all entities with trash juice?
You think it's so simple to sway the emotions of a being such as I with such simple pleasures
as primo trash juice?
Well, you'd think right.
Send that stanky dranky over here in at least a five gallon bucket.
And don't you ever mention Wonderwall ever again.
If you want to write up something for your wolf to how, tag at pretending pod on Twitter
or Instagram, tag pretending to be people on Facebook or write up a five star review
on your podcast app of choice and send us the proof.
Now if you want to support this show in a money way, we do take earth currency in exchange
for bonus episodes over at patrion.com slash pretending pod.
Now hear this, five bucks currently gets you 34 of those exclusive and absurdly fun
bonus episodes and we can also supply you with PTBP merchandise, hats, shirts, a beach
towel and even a little fanny pack with a little PTBP cartoon on it.
All that super sick swag can be swiftly swiped at pretending pod dot shop.
All can be found in the show notes.
It takes me hours to write the show notes, so please would you go look at them?
Now if you're just tuning in, welcome back.
It's time for the news.
Last time we caught up with the crew of the death of a salesman, Wavy Adler, Mr. Edward
Spitz, Alabasta, Al Chernobog, and Dr. Shark.
Now please imagine that meme where the girl explains things.
So Wavy Adler is the ship's navigator, its eyes, while Mr. Spitz brings a bit of class
to the pirate vessel, okay?
Al Chernobog has a monkey and dripping open lesions all over.
Also Dr. Shark was the saw bones, even sawed a leg off the cabin boy, Jurgen Stick, and
got him fit for a peg leg.
That gave Jurgen half the peg legs Dr. Shark left sticking out of the quicksand that had
just consumed the dread pirate neck beard when he dove in head first to his single episode
appearance based demise.
Got all that?
Good.
Join us now, back to the action on this island with a big ol' statue of a humanoid alligator
and multiple narrow ditches filled with blood that seem to run all along the beach.
It's R.I. Peter with Cruisin'!
Oh, his feet ache, oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my
gosh.
Is that like a, of course you were thinking about how much fun you would have there so
you laughed.
All of our listeners are in Hillsong, that are in Australia.
Really?
Yeah.
Is Hillsong the name of a town?
Yeah, on Patreon when it says location Australia Hillsong.
Damn.
It's the name of the country now actually.
The whole country is Hillsong.
Yeah, ever since that documentary came out and, the sound of music?
Yeah.
There were Nazis the whole time.
Those were Hillsongs, right?
Yes, they were.
The Hills have songs.
These hills have songs.
These hills are alive with the sound of music.
What did the guy say in Jason?
Friday the 13th?
It's a blood curse!
It's a blood curse!
It's a blood curse!
It's a blood curse!
It's a blood curse!
Shut up Ralph, you son of a bitch.
You stupid fucking crazy bastard.
Right off in the wrong way on a bike.
You ought to be lucky the mental asylum fucking closed down or you'd be getting beat every
day by Nurse Ratched.
What was the captain of the neck beards name?
Captain Neckbeard.
Captain Neckbeard.
Was that it?
Yes.
Nice.
Yeah, remember we're going serious this time.
Captain Neckbeard's dead, the rest of it's serious.
The peg legs finally stop moving.
The bubbles rising above where the dread pirate neck beard had gone under have ceased to bubble.
And the crew from Neckbeard's ship ties their belts together.
Wait, all together?
Like to each other?
Like in a circle?
Yeah.
Yep, to each other.
This is gonna be tough crap boys.
And then they hold each other's shoulders and begin walking back toward the beach.
Are you Neckbeard's?
You wait right there.
Okay.
Your captain just killed our doctor with his stupidity.
Yeah, I'm real sorry about that.
Wish YU is a doctor.
The three of them all look at each other and let's roll luck, 50-50 shot up and down.
Roll under, one of them's a doctor.
10.
10.
That's a success.
Is that a 10 or a 100?
It's a 10.
I can't see what the-
It's a 10.
No, 100 is all zeros.
All zeros, yeah.
It's a 10.
It's a 10!
Yeah!
And I was actually gonna say-
He's a fucking medical chap.
Yeah, I actually-
And the other two kind of move, try to shuffle behind him.
But again-
Yeah, they're all tied together by the belts.
And so one of them's like, hey, it's schooling.
He's lots of schooling.
You should take him.
I do sir.
I have lots of schooling in medicine.
I have 100 minus whatever you rolled is what I was gonna say.
What's your name?
I'm very, very skilled.
What is your name?
Jammin.
Jammin?
Jammin?
Did you say, uh, Shammin?
Did you say Jermaine?
Yeah.
How do you say it, sir?
You're asking us to tell you how to say your name?
Yes.
I'm very scared right now.
I think it's Jimmy.
All right, Jimmy.
He nods.
You're coming with us.
And he nods and he slowly looks down at his rope belt, which is tied to the others.
You're all coming with us.
Which one of you is the sword guy?
I mean, I've got swords.
Okay.
I'll swing to try and cut him free from the other two.
Oh, cool.
Which one of you would be more likely to do a cool, yeah.
I have like a knife that I can just cut the rope with.
Who would do it cool?
We're pirates.
Mine's, mine's got a octopus beak on it.
Can you beat that?
How about this?
How about this?
We're going to have to cut it twice to get him out.
You know?
Oh, he's the one in the middle.
Okay.
Yeah.
We'll throw at the same time.
We'll show off these sword tricks.
And if you don't do a good job, well then the doctor gets to show us how good his skills
are, don't we?
Don't pass mine.
Oh, I pass mine.
28 on a 70.
Wavy pulls out his sword and he forgets to get the scabbard out, get it out of the scabbard,
so he just hits the rope with the scabbard.
That's embarrassing.
He just reaches down and cuts the other side and looks at alabaster owl and is like, oh,
it made me very nervous, sir.
Alabaster stares at him for a second with like a questioning look and then he, he looks
over at Mr. Spitz.
Why, uh, why are we taking him again?
He's a fucking sawbones, ain't he?
Oh, is this not a deadly pirate competition fraught with danger?
I forgot we lost our doctor.
The rest of you, uh, go wade into the quicksand.
The other two give you like massive eyes.
Wait, there's only two other crew members?
Yeah.
Okay.
I, yeah.
Then I like, I'm not intimidated at all.
I'm like expecting them to just wade into the quicksand.
No.
Oh God.
No.
If we could actually just go back to the ship, that'd be great.
Just knee deep and you were here.
Yeah.
Maybe some more neck pads will come along.
Maybe the jungle will take you.
I don't think that we're gonna go anywhere without our captain.
We're also supposed to, your captain's dead.
Yes.
So we're gonna leave, I guess.
Uh, no, but you'll get back on the ship and try to fight us later cause the whole thing's
a fight or something.
So you need to get in the quicksand.
You don't have to go all the way neck deep or, you know, head deep as your captain did,
but you need to stay there.
So fucking walk into the quicksand now.
Eye roll, persuade.
Sometimes it sounds like you're speaking with another man's words, but it really found
like you found your voice there.
Yeah, mine are bad on all this.
Mine are bad.
I got 15% intimidate.
Oh my God.
I rolled 100.
Okay, they're both going to push past you physically.
Like they're both going to shoulder check you as they walk past.
And then basically as soon as they get past, they are going to run as fast as they can.
What do you do?
I throw one of my iron grenades at them.
Jesus Christ.
How many of those do you have?
I literally, I like make them in the base or in the basement of the ship, which is called
the?
Anybody?
The belly.
The death of a salesman.
Yeah, I don't know what it is either.
The belly of the death of a salesman.
Not the ship's name, but what is the basement of the ship called?
The under deck.
There's a number of different things.
The inside.
Below deck.
I make it below deck.
Yeah, basically you make it inside the ship.
Can I roll heavy weapons on that?
Yeah.
Tight.
Yeah, that's six.
Okay.
Yeah.
As these two run off.
Can I tell you what happens with a grenade?
Please tell me what happens with a grenade.
They bump into me and like shoulder check me and without even looking, I just kind of
like throw it behind me and it doinks one of them in the, in the head and then it lands
in front of them and they look down for a second.
They look at each other and then you see these two bodies just kind of a red mist, it dissipates
onto the leaves and all the foliage around as, as limbs just kind of fly around and the
rest of you kind of turn around and you see that Mitch has taken his rope, everybody's
got a rope and has been pulling out the body of Dr. Shark this whole time.
He kind of got it around one of the peg legs and is pulled enough to where the whole body
is coming out now and you see that Dr. Shark's head and specifically the ears are just completely
caked with this quicksand and it is just packed in around the head.
And then there were four or five, I don't, I'm not really clear on how many are competing
in this.
Well, we lost one doctor, but then we gained another and Jimmy so.
But I mean the neckbeards are, the team is gone, right?
Do we represent an advanced body of our crew or are they more aboard?
It's like the captains of a football team coming out for the coin toss.
We've crippled their leadership.
Yeah, actually guys, this works out really well for you, no spoilers.
He walks deeper into the forest jungle of this island and as he does, he turns around
one of these trees that's in the distance and seems to be grabbing at something.
And then as you approach, you see that he's putting on a cloak, like a black hooded cloak
and it goes over his entire body and covers his head or over his eyes, Jedi style, but
it is both short, it's short sleeved and it's, uh, it only comes up to about his thighs.
You started motioning with your hands.
No, I really thought you were going to like describe it as a crop top.
Oh, that's my bad.
It's absolutely a crop top.
He actually removes his shirt before he puts on this crop top robe.
He can be wearing it.
They're going to be so angry if they found out that I wasn't wearing this before.
So if you could just not say anything, that'd be awesome.
And now you look good.
What would you even call a garment like that?
Oh, it's a, it's a crude, it's, it's a crude, like the movie, the crew.
Yeah, it's a crudy.
I love that movie.
I saw it with my daughter that I don't have, cause it's my dream to have one.
I thought about this movie that could be made.
I like the backstory.
How you became a Beatle.
When I get, it's my dream.
When I talk about my dreams, I think about me, favorite band, the world that could be
my whole band and the favorite, my whole favorite band in the world.
They sing.
When I start to imagine, what should we do with the Eleanor Rigby, throw a silver lining.
We shave a belly with a rusty razor.
I raised the sails today, oh boy.
And you guys walk further and further in.
And as you're walking, you can see that, that pillar of smoke in the distance that you're
walking toward, but you, you approach a clearing far before this, this pillar of smoke that's
in the distance.
And in this clearing, we've established that we have tied Jimmy up and are leading them
by his belt and the slashed belts of his comrades.
You have now.
Yes, absolutely.
And how are you transporting the body of Dr. Shark?
I thought Mitch was on that.
Yeah.
He's just been dragging the body.
I didn't understand why he wanted it, but I, he said it would be advantageous.
He just kind of kept the rope tied around it and just continues to drag it and he's
just like, okay guys, Hey, I just want to say, um, before we get in there, you guys
seem really cool.
So I'm really rooting for you and I hope you win.
Well, thank you, Mitch.
That means a lot.
Well, you're not going to, sorry, happy birthday, happy birthday, I didn't know it was your
birthday, Mitch.
Happy birthday.
It's one of the Beatles birthdays, dude, just be a beetle, a beetle.
You were doing the Australian, totally nailing it.
You were in the, in the flow state, listen to his happy birthday, happy, happy birthday.
I got to think about a guy that's really excited to talk about things and you're all back in
it.
I just got to be really excited about anything.
Jimmy, are you not going to be our doctor?
He's not excited about Jimmy not being a doctor.
He's sad about it.
Jimmy, are you going to be our doctor?
My character asks Jimmy if he's going to be the doctor, uh, with his blade brandished.
Jimmy smiles a wry smile that says that he's not intimidated by you at all.
It can't be trusted.
Wait, wait, wait.
The intimidation rule failed, but then he obliterated those two dudes.
You're absolutely right.
You're absolutely right.
We're still covered.
Our backs are red with their blood.
I'm so sorry.
His lips tremble as he's like, whatever doctor you need to be, sir, anything that, you know,
what's blood do?
Yeah.
What's blood?
You tell us.
I've always wondered that myself.
What does blood do, doc?
It flows.
Why does it flow?
Don't get clever with us.
The brain makes it pump through the entire body.
It's from your brain.
That's where we think all of our thoughts and it's where all of our emotions come from.
All right, then come from my belly.
I believe him.
He'll be a good doctor.
Then I cut his vocal cords so he can't talk to us anymore.
Are you intimidated now?
I thought you were going to kill him so you didn't have to play this character.
No, you should have a doctor.
Oh, I thought you were, I thought you were going to be like, so I got to leave smiling
because you failed.
You're an intimidation checker here.
Oh, okay.
I'm an idiot then.
I don't know.
Thomas was right though.
He's totally intimidated now.
Yeah.
Yeah, especially with his vocal cords cut.
Yeah.
And I realized, Alabaster realizes, wow, I can't believe I did surgery on his vocal cords.
Maybe I'm a doctor.
Let's not.
I mean, do we want to do that or not?
I don't want to.
That's too ridiculous.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay guys, let's um, let's go into the tower.
Wait, is that Mitch or Jimmy?
I'm Mitch.
Jimmy talks like this sir, with his lips quivering and he always says sir at the end, sir.
I'm Mitch and uh, we're going to the tower now, are you ready?
Is the tower where the smoke's coming from or was that the thing we saw back at the beach?
No, the tower is actually neither of those things.
Oh my.
Come with me.
Should we be wearing a crude like you?
And he opens up like a, uh, Oh, like a bead curtain, but it's a leaves and vines and stuff.
And he opens it up into this clearing and you see, uh, you see another ditch immediately
as soon as you're on the other side of the clearing.
And this ditch is not filled with blood.
It's filled with a clear liquid that one might assume is water.
And that's not the only different thing about this ditch.
This one, you can actually see where it continues on either side and it goes in a large circle,
which is the circle of this clearing that exists here in the middle of this island in
the jungle.
So is it like right next to the edge of the trees and stuff?
Yes.
It's a moat on the edge of the trees.
Yeah.
And just inside of that moat, uh, you see another moat and another and another, and
they get smaller and smaller as they would as they go inside.
And some are filled with water.
Some are filled with blood.
And Mitch, uh, turns you guys in, he's like, Oh yes, be mindful of the waterways and be
mindful of, uh, the gutters and the trenches, all of these canals.
And he looks out and in the middle of all of these pools, you see, there are a few other
crudy wearing folks.
There are three mean pirate camp counselors, mean pirate.
I haven't seen this movie.
It's going to be hard to, wait, what movie pirate camp doesn't exist, but we'll make
it.
Pirate camp.
You best stop leaving in pirate summer camps, you're in one.
All right.
Blue team to ultimate frisbee.
One of them says from their crudy, no, I was so glad you said no, no, no, no.
Mitch, Mitch gets really serious and is like, come this way.
Wavy picks up what, what he's laying down and of course, master Mitch, I mean, master
mysterious man, we will follow the lead.
I've never had this guy's name ever in my life.
The three crudy wearing folks turn and you see the tallest one has this like huge, massive
jaw.
And from underneath his hood, when, when you say that about Mitch, he gets a big smile
on his face and the other two are still hidden by their crudy hoods.
Are we talking like a strong jaw or like, like a radium lipstick?
Like looks like you, you're not human kind of job.
Oh, sorry.
Human jaw.
My bad.
We're playing pulp Cthulhu.
It's a human.
I know it's human.
It's not like, like you'd look at them and be like your jaws five times the size of somebody
else's jaw, a monstrous job, alligator men.
Hey, that's a real good point.
So just like a chiseled jaw.
It's like a chiseled jaw.
Nice.
So there's a real Chad in a, uh, a chode.
What are we chud?
We've got a Chad in a chud.
It's real Chad in a chode.
Mitch is leading the three of you as well as the body of Dr. Shark and Jimmy.
The five of us.
We're going to a weekend at Bernie's, Dr. Shark.
And as you guys walk toward the center, you do see that there are five pools placed around
the circle.
The largest of these moats connects all five of these pools of water.
And you would see that currently three of these pools are unvacant.
Full.
Not empty.
Taken.
They're lacking the emptiness.
Occupied, full.
Three of these pools are wet.
Yes.
Like filled with water.
Filled with people.
Uh, there are human bodies in three of them and the other two are empty.
They are laying flat on their backs with their ears in the water, but their eyes and nose
and mouth above water.
Oh.
From the distance here, can I see if any of them are alive or are they all dead on their
backs?
Go ahead and roll a medical check for intelligence.
You're going intelligence?
It's an eight on a intelligence of 70.
Yeah, that'll do it.
These three people are breathing.
All three of them.
Oh, it's only three.
I thought each pool had a number of bodies in there.
Yeah.
I was imagining like bodies stacked on top of each other.
Oh, my bad.
Sorry.
One person per pool.
One person per pool.
Not pools full of bodies.
Nope.
These pools are only big enough for one body to lay flat, almost like a pod.
Gotcha.
So full of bodies means that there are three holes filled with three bodies.
There are three pods.
Three pods full, two pods empty.
Okay.
They can't.
Do these people in the pods look like pirates to us?
Yeah.
Edward Spitz does not cross himself for three bodies.
He spits.
Well, they all certainly seem relaxed.
Well, yeah, because he hasn't communicated that he knows that they're breathing, I take
a little bit of gunpowder out of my pocket and flick it on one of their faces to see
if it moves with their breath.
As you walk over there, the tall man in the middle says,
Hey, Cielo, could you please not?
If you could come this way, we must begin.
He might much look bad.
I keep the gunpowder in my pocket.
And then I do what he asked me to do.
We have spaced out this process between the crews in order to keep the violence offshore.
Each crew will be given an orator.
Each orator?
And as he says orator, he motions at each side of him.
Each orator will be positioned at the stern of each ship with only their barrel and their
words.
And he points and you see two barrels kind of at the edge of the jungle.
Like a wine barrel?
Yep, a full big wine barrel.
Each orator will be positioned at the stern of each ship with only their barrel and their
words.
In order to win the competition, your orator must not be interrupted.
A steady stream must come from both their mouth and their bong hole.
The first crew to sail in a complete circle around the island will win a job that will
earn so much wealth it would embarrass the queen.
But each crew must leave a deposit here to ensure the safe return of our orators.
And we just found out how you were originally going to have Beth May leave the podcast.
It's a really good thing we kidnapped a bloke.
Mitch, kind of out of the corner of his mouth is like, maybe keep your doctor and use the
body.
It's smart, we really could burn, is it?
Yeah.
I pull a pair of pretty rad sunglasses out from my coat pocket and slip it on Dr. Shark.
What are your sunglasses?
They are how you disguise a body that is dead and make it look like it's alive and having
a fun time all weekend.
Two eye patches?
Well, it's something that Alabaster was asked to make.
What year did you say this was?
I think there are sunglasses.
I think Keith Richards wears them in the pirate movie.
No, Dr. Spitz asked me, Mr. Spitz asked me to make something to block the sun and I made
out of broken brown bottles, I crafted you some Oakley looking futuristic glasses.
So I put those on me and then out of Dr. Shark's 1920s coat jacket, I pull a pair of sunglasses
and put them on Dr. Shark.
It works.
Look at this contraption I found, it'll block the eyes, you can't see the maggots coming
out of them.
This will be your orator.
He motions to one of the two crudy wearing folk and she begins to walk.
Shotgun Mitch, we shawty Mitch.
We'd like to have Mitch as our...
We want Mitch.
Mitch, Mitch, he's our man.
Mr. Mystery Men.
If they can't do it, no one can.
I'm excited so, no, I'm not excited so I'm talking like this.
Mitch and the woman who moved forward to be your orator both turn and look at the tall
man and the crudy.
Mitch, do you know the words?
Mitch, do you know the words?
Sir, I do.
I put a gun to Mitch's back.
I whisper in his ear, do you know the words, boy?
Very cool.
He turns back and he's talking to you while the large man is talking.
Mitch whispers like, yes, very quickly.
And the large man says, well, then if you would like to go with him, you may.
We'd love to have you.
Oh, that's like the words that Mitch has been wanting to hear his entire life.
He turns in like his hood bounces kind of off of his head a little bit as he turns and
flashes you just a massive smile full of warmth and joy.
And he turns back and he says, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll do it.
Sure, sure.
I can do it.
I'm proud of you, son.
While this is happening, I like discreetly in one of his hands give him one of my grenades
for later.
To kill yourself if you can't do it and the shame is too much.
No, for protection later maybe or to help us.
From the shame.
Can Waverly clock the other person?
So we've got big man, woman, clock the other person and see if I see a familiar relation
between all of them.
Cool.
Is that spot hidden?
Yeah.
It's a 38 and I got that special thing.
So let's see if I roll better.
Nope.
Did you pass?
Did you pass?
Yeah, pass.
Sorry, pass on the first one.
Rad.
Yeah.
So this is the Diggory family.
You recognize the Diggory family.
Cedric Diggory?
Holy shit.
They're wearing robes too.
I didn't even think of that.
Are we going to fight a dragon?
No, but Voldemort's going to kill you.
The Diggory family is extremely well known.
Oh shit.
Very, very wealthy and have been missing for some time.
Do we know of a Mitch Diggory?
Oh, the Diggory family.
Doc.
The person.
The Diggory family, Robinson.
The Diggory family doc is where we're parked.
Yeah, that is where we're parked.
Incredible.
I love the idea of a very wealthy family all out here in their shitty fucking crop top
hoodies.
Yep.
Like putting on pirate games.
Am I imagining this wrong?
They've got a hood, right?
Yep.
But their face is a little bit shown.
Yeah, their eyes are being covered for the most part.
Got it.
Except for-
This is hilarious.
As far as age goes, it's mother, father, and then brother and or sister.
We haven't clocked to the third one.
Yeah, the other one is a sister.
Okay.
So mother, father, son.
I know you said they were black hoodies or a black hood, but I'm just picturing Heather
Grey.
I don't know who Heather Grey is.
The color?
The color.
I'm kidding.
I was confused.
I thought that was Grey's Anatomy name or something.
That's Dr. Grey.
Yeah, but her sister is maybe Helen.
There is a tension hanging in the air right now.
Are we the last to arrive?
No, actually.
And he clocks that your doctor is from a seemingly different crew based on spatial hair.
Because he's got a neck beard.
Mitch says, Captain neck beard drowned on the way in due to some quicksand.
I'd call it more like choking.
Or like a suffocation, maybe?
Yeah, like he got the earth itself inside his lungs, and then it grabbed him and wouldn't
let go.
Then yes, you are the last.
And he looks at the wife and the daughter with a certain amount of worry and extreme
joy.
Alabaster raises his hand.
Oh, yes.
I love a well mannered sea pirate.
Would you say you're the authority around these parts?
Yes, of course.
Okay, then can we have Captain Neckbeard's ship just tag along with us and help us out?
I tell you what, if you win today, you can have everyone else's ships.
Well, I was thinking more for the competition.
Yeah.
I don't want to take credit for what your island has done, but we killed them basically.
And so we are already winning the game, I think, as far as I see it.
Yeah, we had the opportunity to help and we did nothing.
In fact, we let him drown and our doctor, nevermind, we let him drown.
Don't worry about our guys.
Yeah, we thought we should have two doctors and that would be smart.
That's why we got a fellow with the funny looking glasses.
He's like on your shoulder now.
He's between me and Mitch, I imagine.
And Edward says that.
Also, that's not a neckbeard.
He just can't grow over it.
He's not part of the crew.
He just can't.
Also, Captain Neckbeard said we could have his ship and use it for the competition as
he was suffocating or choking or drowning, whatever.
You're making quite the seafarers case, Cindy.
I honestly couldn't care less as long as the stream from the bungalow is never cut.
All right, well, if we got two ships, could we get your wife as a second orator in a second
bungalow?
Yes, of course.
And the woman walks toward you as well, solemnly, almost hesitantly.
As soon as somebody like of that social stature is anywhere near Mr. Spitz, he like very comically
bows and his shitty wig falls off.
She looks at you and she says, it's time to deposit your collateral.
She points at one of the pools on the outside of this clearing.
Yeah, Lady Diggery, as you can see, our talker is sleeping one off here.
So me and your boy Mitch are going to help him over to his hole.
Any problem, you won't hear a peep out of him this whole time, I'd imagine.
Yep, she rolled a 90.
She doesn't even listen to people like of our...
Oh God, not at all.
She's already turned around and is looking deeply into her husband's eyes and saying goodbye.
I hit play on the boombox that makes the doctor dance his way over to the pool.
Mr. Spitz and Mitch Diggery walk over with the body of Dr. Shark and place him gently
into this pool and his ears are in the water, his eyes, nose and mouth are above
and this quicksand that was all gummed up the works of his head begins kind of mixing with the water.
Yes sir, do you believe it is time to begin?
The other ships are waiting, you will see the smoke will change color
and that is how you will know to begin the race.
Remember, a perfect circle, not perfect in shape so much as complete.
One end must come to the other, do you understand?
We could send the ships two different ways, we get there twice as fast.
I don't know if we can trust them, they've not got a captain.
It is a matter of who we put on that other ship to make sure that they follow our instructions.
That's true.
It does also have to be a clean circle from one bunghole, each bunghole.
I think maybe we use their ship as a defense, like a shield from the others.
But also with the second bunghole and the other one, we've got insurance in case our bunghole,
anything happens to it, go for it Mitch.
I think if anything gets fired at us though, we have that protecting us because those men
to me didn't know about them yesterday, won't know about them tomorrow.
If they die, they die.
Oh, you mean the neckbeards?
Yes, absolutely.
Not our crew.
I agree.
Not our crew that I could name every single one of them if you asked me to.
Every, all, all of them.
I know there's a certain number but...
As any of us could, name all ninety souls aboard.
I'm not great at counting.
Well it was ninety.
And listen, I don't care about the neckbeards none either, all of them smell like cum.
I heard that mate.
No offense Dr. Jimmy.
No, none taken sir.
And he looks down at his well encrusted...
They pleasure themselves most terribly.
It's awful, it's awful what they do as he covers himself.
No strumpets will come aboard.
So should we head back to the ships and depart?
I'd say so my Australian friend.
On the way back, Alabaster, he feels pretty uncomfortable with like, just having left
the dead body of his like, Dr. Shark is taking care of him like, kept him alive and so he
just watched that whole thing go down and was like, uncomfortable but he sings this
little lullaby that Dr. Shark used to sing to him.
Hmm...
Hmm...
Dr. Shark did-did-did Dr. Shark did-did-did
Dr. Shark did-did-did-did
Dr. Sh-
Early in the mornin'
Sittin' in his belly with a rusty razor
Shave his belly with a rusty razor
Shave his belly with a rusty razor
Early in the mornin'
Hey, and up she rises
Hey, and up she rises
Hey, and up she rises
Early in the mornin'
Oh, that's the end of it
That's how we do it with the junkins
Early in the mornin'
This is like a five, uh
Five paragraph essay, like
Tell them what you're gonna tell them
Tell them, tell them, tell them, tell them what you told them
Tell them, tell them, tell them, tell them what you told them
That's what we do with the drunken sailor
