Shhh, listen, do y'all hear that?
The skittering of many greasy limbs?
It's almost like dozens of giant fingers gently slipping around on a bowling lane, and yet
so fast.
I'm sure it's nothing, but listen here, what ain't nothing is me saying howdy and hello
and welcome to 694.2 PTBP.
It is I, the one, the only, probably, DJ Wolf the dog, and if this many-limbed being doesn't
snatch me up, I think we got a banger of a show for y'all.
I howl, you howl, we all howl for howlin' with Wolf, and this particular howlin' with
Wolf is from Sneaky Whisper, and they have requested their location to be broadcast as
the internet.
Sneaky Whisper from the internet tweeted about the show and tagged at pretending pod, a thing
that internet folks should do.
Are you on the internet, dear listener?
You could also tweet about the show, whoa.
Sneaky Whisper writes, Dear Wolf, I was able to break through the interdimensional firewall
to get you this limited character message.
I've been stuck in this dimension they call cyberspace and heard your dimension may be
having a similar polymorphic virus problem as mine.
Whatever you do, do not feed them the 0x dead beef, and for the rest of your radio listeners,
the cow has red spots, the cat broke the fiddle, and the spoon did not go willingly with the
dish.
Be excellent to each other out there in meatspace, meatspace you say?
Now I've been all over the place exploring different space time things or whatever, but
I ain't never been to a meatspace.
Damn, I need to book me a space B&B in this meatspace dimension.
If you want to write up something for your vigilant Wolf to howl, tag at pretending pod
on the Instagram or the Twitter, or tag pretending to be people on the Facebook.
Or you can do us a favor and write up a five star review on the podcast app of your choice
and holler at me about it so I know.
And by the by, fuck Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg too.
Now for some links.
Bonus content on Patreon, merch at the merch store.
Picks of the boys on Instagram, retweets of Luke's Twitter on Twitter, harsh criticisms
of early 2000s collectible memorabilia on Facebook, horny shipping on Discord, lost
Redditors on the subreddit, tracks from the PTBPOST on YouTube, and places to jam and
support Alter Girl.
Do you know where all these links are?
You do?
Then fucking get in there and get clicky with it.
Then pull a switch and come on down to the Wicky Wicky Wild Wild West and slap a rock
Big Willy style and I don't know man.
This run isn't super fresh, but fuck Will Smith and keep my wife's links in your motherfucking
show notes.
Bienvenidos a venus.
Last time, Julius Summers told Cal and Beck everything.
He gave them the full rundown including a flashback to his high school days.
And then he realized Stevie and Jeremy were there too.
Also Joe made an incredible DMX joke.
Taking us now to the first day of the rest of the can crew's lives.
Now that they know what they know and it's not what they thought.
It's Alter Girl with My Life is Great and It's All My Fault.
Cause my life is great and it's all my fault.
What kind of world are we living in?
What kind of world are we living in?
Us or you?
You.
Got em.
Dude.
Your reality is not the same as my reality.
I reject your reality and substitute my own.
I watched a skater darkly last night.
So.
I watched the Mario movie last night and dude it opened my eyes.
Okay, what's the deal with the Mario movie being unwoke?
Or like anti-woke?
What?
I just heard it was actually funny.
Same thing right?
I don't know.
I just watched it yesterday and there's nothing that sticks out.
Did you look it up on Focus on the Family?
No I did not.
What does it get?
Do you know what that means?
Yes.
Do you remember that?
Did you guys have that?
I never had it but it's occasionally an internet stir every now and then.
I mean it was every movie that came out my mom would look up on that website.
Is it the one that listed every single, it would be an R-rated movie and the list would
be a hundred things and it's like they said the F word, they said damn, they showed someone's
midriff.
Sometimes they would get into really, I don't know who's writing some of these, but really
hot and heavy descriptions of what went down in the film and your boy would just get going
off the line, you know?
Oh no, little Zach can't see this, oh my.
I read Super- Nothing gets me going like stuff that my son
shouldn't see.
Hey you said what kind of world are you living in?
Is there anything else you wanted to say about that Luke?
Well if you have listened to this podcast you might be familiar with the band Dragon
in 3 and Zach was just giving us a little sample.
They got new music, depending on when this comes out their new music is out or their
new music is so close to coming out, so go on Spotify or whatever streaming app that
you use, go to band camp and buy the new Dragon in 3 album.
They have two singles out right now and they're very good.
I just got the new shirt, it rips, it just came in the mail, it's really rad.
Oh that's a bummer.
It rips.
It rips.
It rips.
Yeah, it's a shitty shirt.
It's a bad shirt, but all the best shirts are bad shirts.
Go listen to that and buy their stuff and then there's the other bands too.
Go buy so much stuff.
There's other bands.
There are other bands.
Yeah, support what you like or don't.
Yeah, there's local music around you.
Don't support musicians, support podcasters.
I've heard that it's like, there's loco music around me dude.
There's loco music out there and they don't put out music but like once a year and we're
giving you content every other week here pretending to be people.
Patreon.com slash pretending pod.
We do it.
Albums worth of work.
Every month.
Do not buy another album until you're a Patreon subscriber.
In fact, don't even listen to music.
Don't listen to any music.
Cancel your Spotify subscription.
Every time you think you should listen to music, like you're about to be intimate with
your partner.
Throw on season one again.
Yeah.
Just do another re-listen.
Oh my God.
Luke talks about us all being covered in honey at the very beginning.
It's a very sexy podcast.
We're very sexy boys.
I've got a story I've been meaning to tell you guys for two and a half months.
Whoa.
Part of the problem is that we mostly hang out on the pod now.
Unfortunately.
Unfortunately.
Part of the problem is that the times we have hung out, I've been saving this story for
the pod.
And I kept forgetting.
So when we were at the batting cages, you were like, I just want to tell them about
when we were the other day.
See we fucking hang out.
Let's bleep that out so people can't stalk us in our imaginary town.
We only go to two places.
What was I going to say?
Oh no.
We forgot the story.
All right.
Let's get into the app.
It has been two months.
Okay.
My name is, my name is Thomas Cox and I am in a Cox family group chat with my family
and I'm glad this wasn't a confession.
No, it's an anecdote.
Um, the group chat is talking about the time we killed that guy.
I'm like, so yeah, all kinds of things.
Whatever we have to talk about when we killed that guy, succession style on a plane.
This chat gets made in WhatsApp and I realize from day one that you can make the icon anything
you want.
And I think about that for months until I finally pulled the trigger and made it an
eggplant emoji.
Yeah, it's very fitting.
Two mixed, two positive reactions in the group.
Some people thought it was funny.
Some people didn't get it.
One person who really didn't think it was funny was no, in the, in the group chat, one
person who really didn't think it was funny was my dad who got angrier than I've ever
seen him about anything fascinating.
I would have not expected that at all.
I got a text.
He was like, change it back immediately in a text message to me.
And I was, and he was like, people are talking and I go and I go to the group chat and that's
like literally true, but not in the way that is text implied.
They're sending memes.
They're asking about each other's weekends.
And it's at this point I'm still like, I don't realize how upset he is and I'm just like,
I mean, anybody can change it.
You can change it back.
And he's like, I don't know how do it.
Do it now.
For those listening, this is uncharacteristic of his father.
It's pornographic.
No wow.
And I started like after one of his first texts, I started to pull like the chat.
I was like, should we keep it?
Get rid of it.
I don't get it.
That got like about straight evens, like all down.
So what is it now?
Oh, I changed it to a rooster welcome to episode 28 of pretending to be people we've been waiting
two and a half months unwittingly to hear that incredible story.
I'm glad that it got sold though.
God damn.
We told you it was a sexy podcast.
You knew it.
You knew it when you see it.
He knows it.
Yeah.
He knew it cause he saw it.
So we left off with the ex.
My step mom didn't get it.
And then when it got explained to her, she said, all I can say is rude.
Wow.
And then having to get it explained to you though, you're like, that is very vulgar.
It's a wiener joke.
I think my mom would laugh.
Oh, well Mike.
Okay.
My aunt, my cool aunt, she was like, yeah, when I first started at a law firm, uh, this
is like in the late seventies or early eighties, she's like, they put me in the only other
woman together and her last name was Peters.
So their name tag said Cox and Peters.
Nice.
Incredible.
Holy shit.
They should have renamed the firm.
Did they make them partners immediately?
No, this was when they're a very junior.
It was just outside their like office store.
Can we have two characters named butts and craps?
Why?
Two funny words, you know?
Ask an answer.
We left last episode with Beck making an ex going to give it to you, Joe.
Seemingly, but then we realized we hadn't recorded nearly long enough.
We had to come back after we recorded the first time.
It's like, it's not going to do it.
No, we had had a big revelation from your side of the table.
Yeah.
For this episode, a new revelation for everyone.
Luke is actually going to be your handler for this episode and I am going to be playing
Julia Summers.
Stevie.
Joe, do you consent to that?
I don't know if I consent to that.
Please don't.
How prepped are you?
Yeah.
Don't consent.
Please don't.
Now, so you guys are in the Mercedes C class.
You're on a FaceTime with Julia Summers as he wraps up this story about his childhood
and then his future involvement, very vaguely, with a governmental entity of some sort that
exchanges money for jobs with Julia Summers.
An employer?
An employer.
Do you pay taxes?
It's the government.
They take it out already.
Julius, what kind of house do you pull up to?
We're out in one of the suburbs just outside the city and it is like every single house
looks the same, just four colors that change every time and it's like robin egg blue, like
the really light, creamy yellow pink, which it sucks if you got to get the pink one.
Why?
Yeah.
Why?
What kind of pink?
It's hot pink.
It's hot pink.
The others are a nice pastel.
That sounds rad.
Yeah.
And then the fourth one is all those colors stripes.
That's the prized one.
And you pull up in- The Harlequin house.
You pull up to a striped house.
Oh shit.
Nice.
And Julius shuts the FaceTime off and gets out of the car and he's like, sorry, it's
the one they had.
Two car garage, two story house, nothing special about it.
Except it's striped.
Except it's striped, which is yeah, special.
And yeah, you walk in and it's just like white carpet.
Hey Julius, can I bother you for a towel and maybe like some soapy water or something?
I got double sicked on.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Sorry for my role in that, Beck.
It's understandable.
I just want to rinse off.
You threw up on him too?
Damn dude.
And there's like right next to the entrance is like a little half bathroom and he grabs
a towel and some soap.
I go in there and just kind of clean up a little.
Cal is looking at just the bloody footprints that Julius has left on the white carpet.
And when he comes back in, he's like, maybe you should clean up as well.
And I think I got some, I got some of my vomit on me too when I, when I found out you were
actually an ex file and that faced me as an inescapable truth.
My body revolted all over Beck.
If you want to clean up, I think there's another bathroom upstairs and you look around and
there's like furniture, but there's nothing on the walls that's like not decorated at
all.
It hardly looks lived in.
Do you have a change of clothes here, buddy?
Yeah, plenty.
Um, you try to fit.
Oh no, Cal's like, no, no, no.
I have several spare suits in my trunk.
I just, Julius, he's like, you meant me.
Okay.
Um, are you, are you good?
I'm going to go change.
I'm good.
You should definitely go clean up.
Julius runs upstairs to his closet filled with monochromatic suits and he puts on a blue
one and runs back downstairs.
What is Cal Colorado up to?
Cal is Ask Jeevesing, uh, X-Files.
Cal is Ask Jeevesing, X-Files.
If that was the one that won, would you say Ask Jeevesing or Asking Jeeves?
Ask Jeevesing.
That's what I thought too.
What does he see?
Ask Jeeves.
Um, he gets taken to an IMDB page, but, uh, instantly accepts the prompt to like download
the app and he's waiting on that to happen.
Okay.
So are you heading outside to grab an extra suit to change into?
I know.
I think he's just at the kitchen sink, like kind of brushing himself off.
He just thought he might have to give one to Julius and was preparing himself for that,
that reality.
And back.
What are you up to?
Uh, he has dampened a towel and is just wiping his clothes down.
So he's got wet spots all over his shorts and shirt, but it's a, it's as clean as it's
going to get without being laundered.
Okey dokey.
Uh, I'm going to need Joe and Luke to leave the room for a moment.
Don't go.
Don't leave me here with him.
Good luck.
You're in the kitchen.
Yeah.
Which I assume.
I, okay.
So I was assuming is this like a small living room, kitchen open kind of thing?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you hear, uh, someone coming down the stairs and assume it's probably Julius as
he was the one who went up there and Julius, that was fast.
And as you look over your shoulder, you turn and see a woman in a black suit, the white
shirt, and you recognize her immediately by the tattoo that is running out of her sleeve
down her hand of a tail of some sort, like a scaly tail.
And you flash back to a moment the other night on the bridge, the city bridge, when you ran
into a very powerful woman who told you that you needed to get off the bridge and get back
where I once belonged.
Where you once belonged.
But you remember the feeling of being smitten and it is mixed with surprise.
Oh, hello.
Hello there.
I, I thought you were Julius.
No, I am very much not.
Oh, hello.
Um, you may not remember me.
I'm Cal Colorado.
We met on the bridge.
Yes, of course, Mr. Colorado.
I know exactly who you are.
Um, yeah.
I don't think I caught your name.
No, you didn't.
And she turns and she walks to the bar next to you and swiftly makes a Manhattan.
What time is it?
It's night tool time.
Cool.
Famous mugshot.
Are you, are you X?
I am Santa Claus.
I'm X.
I'm I am who you say I am.
Cal kind of gets over his initial like shock and confusion and, um, remembers what they're
there for.
And he's like, do you have the footage?
Yes.
That's wonderful.
I'll take that.
Yes, you will.
After a bit of a conversation.
And at that moment you hear back coming out of the bathroom and joyous popping downstairs.
Oh boys, lover boy.
And if he still doesn't answer, it was easier to bird him.
Dude.
It's so scary.
He didn't find that at red racks.
He made that for you.
I actually just woke up and it was like, and I can just tell you, it was like, it was like,
and I can just hear the words in my mind.
Give me this.
We're going to post a picture of the president.
Luke got me for my birthday on the social media, which is at pretending pod on Instagram
and Twitter and pretending to be people on Facebook.
Wow.
I couldn't have said that less emotion.
Thank you.
Tell me.
Well, it's because you're actively having your soul sucked out of you while you stare
at this crazy rabbit.
You got me a rabbit and the longer you look at it, the broader it's smile becomes growing
more power.
Oh God.
You didn't tell me you already have one of those.
So it's a rabbit.
It's standing up right on two legs.
It's very humanoid.
But it does not, it has three toe pot pot toes and it's got three paw fingers, but it
is wearing pants and an overcoat and a scarf and it's sinister.
Is it sinister looking?
Let me see the scarf as an untied tie, like wide and 30 style, but it may be a scarf.
They're both very creepy.
Also he moves head.
He moves a little bit.
That's not okay.
Do it back and forth.
He's pretty bendy back and forth.
He can do anything.
Wait, hold on.
Does that mean he can do?
Oh, okay.
Wow.
He was behind the laptop, so I thought you were making him type and then I looked.
He wasn't making him type.
Nope, but apparently he's Zach's type.
What's his name?
Jack.
Jack.
His name is Jack.
For sure his name is Jack based on literally everything about him.
That's the Jackalope that Beck fell on.
His horns came off.
I'm having flashbacks.
Just looking into his eyes.
He is looking right at us.
Flashing back into the home of Julius Summers and his roommate.
Beck, you're popping out of the bathroom, a little refreshed.
Half bath refreshed.
It's a specific type of refreshment.
Julius is coming down in equal parts time.
And half bath?
I think you meant without a toilet, right?
That is without a toilet, yes, just a shower.
You walk in.
There's a four-
Oh yeah, go wash off in the tub room.
There's a four foot tub.
The whole room is a shower, but there's also a bathtub and a sink in there.
It's wild, man.
When my grandma was like 93, she was like, yeah, I've been taking a lot of airplane showers.
Do you know what that is?
And I was like, no.
And she goes, just wings and tail section.
That's awful.
It's also pretty practical.
Oh no.
Yeah, Julius is, you see him coming down the stairs, fresh clean suit, still covered in
blood on his skin.
Why?
He did not wash his face off.
Beck, when you pop out of the bathroom, Joyce is coming down the stairs at the exact same
time.
Please roll grip.
It's a fail.
I believe that you are just going to lose one grip here, as this has happened before
and you have found a way to deal with it.
You've learned, but it's still going to grab you for a moment.
I come around the corner and kind of almost bump into you.
Oh, Julius.
Hey.
And Beck is suddenly kind of looking down at his feet.
Hey man, uh, why don't we go like no coats today?
Like that'd be like, uh, like it's nice out.
Would that be, that'd be cool?
Sure.
Yeah.
I, uh, he takes his jacket off and he's wearing like a, just a short sleeve t-shirt under
that.
And he sees blood all over him and he's like, oh yeah, sorry, I'm going to go wash up.
Cool, cool, cool.
Right on man.
Right on.
Into the half bath and turns the water on.
Luke, leave the room.
This is hilarious.
It's a cleaning episode.
We couldn't just cut to the next fucking scene because the way we've always role played.
Not enough role playing podcasts place proper emphasis on hygiene.
We shit on this podcast.
We eat on this podcast.
We love on this podcast.
God damn it.
Um, uh, uh, Beck, uh, this is, this is X.
Oh hello.
And you see a woman, uh, in a black suit and white shirt and you recognize the tattoo running
out of her sleeve.
Oh shit.
You might remember her from the bridge.
Oh yeah.
You were, you were at the hole.
Yes.
That was.
You remember us?
We were there too.
Shh.
Did you see it?
Incredible.
Wow.
It was, it was, um, well you kind of ran us out of there before we got to see much.
What did you see?
Did you see the whole thing?
No pun intended.
It was a good one though.
She smiles.
Yeah.
We saw.
Hmm.
Did you see how smooth it was?
Yeah.
It was, it was pretty smooth where it was weird.
Yeah.
It was very weird.
Have you been in this line of work a long time?
Yes.
Yes I have.
Did you become Julius's mom after you guys abducted him?
No.
How would you like describe your relationship with him?
Are you like his boss?
Yeah.
Are you like his boss?
That's the exact question I wanted to ask because can you talk to him about like the
blood thing?
Oh yes.
Well it seemed like he was going to go clean off so hopefully he does.
What do you make of the fact that he didn't?
In our line of work people often end up in situations where they don't enjoy certain
things.
Normal activities.
For instance, I don't know if you noticed but when your camera man here was walking
up he got super fucking weird about Mr. Summers wearing a coat.
Is that right?
No, he got weird because he was covered in blood.
And he was wearing a coat too.
He's always had the coat thing as long as I've known back he's had that coat thing
I think.
So I'm just saying that's- Wait you don't think he's taking a bath in
there do you?
I hope not.
Me too.
So you kind of did avoid our question though.
Are you his boss?
Or like his partner maybe?
Like what is your like hierarchy?
Uh yeah boss sure.
Did you put him on cam?
Yeah.
Well that that was why we utilized Agent Summers yeah.
Did you mean to get us involved or was that like an accident?
Oh total accident.
I did not know that things were going to progress so quickly and she looks over her shoulder
and the very very quiet quiet the very very quiet Stevie and Jeremy who are sitting on
the couch over in the living room and she kind of pees at them and she's like yes I
didn't know that certain people would be involved and I didn't know that more people
would be involved.
Yeah no I had no idea that things would things would get out of hand this fast.
Did you send us the pin that told us where to go?
Real quick.
Roll human for me.
Twenty four on a seventy.
Eighty six on a forty.
Joe go la la.
Thomas she's smiling super fucking big when she says that things got out of hand really
fast like this is exactly what she wants.
You're back Joe.
Hello.
Hello.
I uh I lean over and whisper in Bec's ear.
Nice.
Watch your back with this one.
I don't know if she's a friend of journalism.
Okay okay.
So what's the plan?
How do we roll it out?
Well uh you said you would give us the footage.
Sure but we need a game plan.
Are you going to put it all out there at once or are we going to slowly kind of you know
divvy it out to the people that way we can kind of move you up uh I heard that there
have been some openings at City Action News we can probably get you wherever you need
to be to make sure this story is out there in the open and getting the traction it deserves.
I turned down a very similar offer from a dead man not hours ago.
Was the offer to tell the story that you want to tell or was it to cover the ass of the
Godel company?
So here's how I see it a three-night event Cal Colorado trapped in the it bit.
Bec is nodding vigorously.
She's loving it.
And then I think you know like well obviously type's position is open and uh in the dead
ball days back in the 20s and such it wasn't uncommon for there to be a player manager
of sorts so I could I could I could steer the direction of canoes towards towards the
truth towards telling people what's really good.
Not lead perhaps I think I'd still do my uh little Cal stories I kind of like these.
Oh growth.
We had an incident with our editor where like they kind of like went a little crazy after
seeing the footage so we all kind of talked about that we would kind of drip feed the
footage a little slowly.
Yes we have uh nab terror.
You've pardon?
Yes.
Like uh in a pp or in a bb bb okay as in boy boy yeah um that one's still pretty concerning
though.
Great yeah yeah obviously if I step into this kind of position I will be sort of you know
I'm all I would need to report these sort of things to HR and I have a therapy consult
with someone who understands human role six which is of course easily contested yeah no
you're on board she's she's telling the truth why wouldn't they want to get someone that
understands and that they can keep the secret yeah we just need them to like get it out
right they blurt it out and then uh they've told someone they feel good about it and then
they can go back to their lives and kind of we help set them straight so they can go back
to their lives this isn't like a you're not sending them off to Siberia no no not Siberia
no.
Hold on though I mean after the story gets out the full story on day three everybody
will know yes absolutely so what's the point that's my question yes so we agree uh no no
I don't think we do what's the point of uh until we get this thing out there do you want
her to just be grieving this loss of reality she should be speaking to someone and getting
the treatment that she needs I guess we do need to keep a lid on her until the story
fully breaks but once it fully breaks like everybody's gonna be able to talk to each
other about it like it's not right so then they'll be able to go on 72 hours of pain
is that not mean anything to you yeah yeah that sounds pretty fucking significant from
a story perspective I would like to human that and see how significantly uh Cal takes
it I mean or whatever she's talking about Vivica like being in pain for 72 hours before
the story breaks oh I thought you meant inflicting 72 hours of like psychic torture on the people
of the world with this new story you have you have this whole thing so wrong well Julius'
story was pretty disturbing of how he came into your organization oh well that was the
fucking 90s or whatever right like how old is he not that old oh right he's only like
29 so that was like the oh that was the tens that was those were worse than the 90s everyone
was listening to arcade fire I'll have to take your word for it have you heard the blues
brothers soundtracks I feel like I should go check on Julius he's been out there for
a while yeah let's all weird that he's doing check on them I just got really into it it
was yeah it was fun it's getting weird it's getting weird you guys are paranoid well this
lady is scary you hear me knock on the bathroom door you get behind the ears bud yeah Luke let
me get a quick five to ten with Luke what did you say get behind the ears bud oh but I thought
he said God I was like what happened back loss is fucking mine see you so soon oh I won't forget
this time I promise sorry Luke I totally forgot about what you I was just in the roleplay and I
feel yeah you were cleaning yourself for a good long while I wonder why it took so long roll grip
roll grip motherfucker all eight I pass oh shit so he turns on the water you you look at it and
as you look at it you start smelling sailing can you almost start hearing this is that a voice in
your head and then it just what do you think about to just like push this away clean up clean up
everybody do you share clean up and he starts washing his hands and like washing the blood
off his arms and face eyes closed yeah and he Luke is currently at washing his body washing
his face washing everywhere where blood got on it and then he wipes his eyes and looks at himself
in the mirror and that does not pass that's a 60 on a 23 for those of you who are averse to bodily
mutilation I would advise skip a little bit skip for it a little bit here as Julius looks into the
mirror the scent of sailing has just kind of passed and he looks and the blood's gone but
that's not your face that's not Julius no what face is it not Julius is okay so Julius sees
Julius but like to him it's just off it's not really not him it's like if you saw like a really
good wax figure of yourself oh fuck that no and so he's like trends like and he's like kind of
wiping at his face you know that you're feeling like this but you're looking at yourself in the
mirror and you are smiling back at yourself at Julius wipes harder and harder and harder and
nothing's coming off and he smiles getting bigger he looks underneath the sink that he's using and
he opens it up and he grabs out like a bristle brush for cleaning and he just keeps scrubbing
and scrubbing all over and he's he throws it down and he's trying to like get his fingernail
underneath the skin on his jaw and just trying to get under there and start peeling and at that
moment you hear and Julius starts scrubbing behind the ears and then he puts the brush
down and just leaves the bathroom damn dude that was intense how fucked up is he so fucked up man
like literally I mean imagine that you took did that yeah dude those bristles like it's not a big
thing but if you rub hard skin over and over and over for minutes like for your face skin pretty
deep scratches yeah it looks like you got clawed by one of those like light up toys that they give
kids at amusement parks that has like all of those long strands that come together at the end it's
just like one of those came alive was very angry and fucked you up or a toilet brush or toilet
brush bird bird bird bird you holler something about the ears you get behind the ears water still
running shuts off and then turning the corner you see Julius Summers with scratches all over
one side of his face oh shit how deep well you see in his hand like scrubby brush that uses a clean
like the sink or you know similar to a toilet brush but it's not the toilet brush and there's
bloody oh you really did get like really hard behind the ears man Beck wants to grab a towel
and maybe are they bleeding are you bleeding actively bleeding from just a little bit maybe
just like a little trickles here and there yeah beating up but there's scratches all over a tiny
little scratches out like takes the scrubby from your hand if you're like if you're just holding it
oh yeah sorry Cal whips around at X and he's like this isn't just the fucking jacket thing oh
hey he sees X isn't you know this isn't like if I saw you know this isn't this isn't just some
little deal he's hurting himself she turns around and grabs a glass off the counter and turns on the
faucet to pour herself a glass of water I'm cool with that it's just a little glass it's not like
the tub or anything oh good 20 he's fine it's just a little glass she turns around takes a big
oh 65 not not a pass and Julius just is frozen staring off into space lose one Beck you're
noticing as Cal is in this confrontation with this suited woman she takes a big gulp we all do
what we do in the service of making this world a better place by shining a light of truth out into
the world is that not correct mr. Colorado that's what I do I don't know what the hell this is
unfortunately for everyone there are things in this world that do not act according to the
nature that we were once taught they are happening more frequently and they are affecting our world
at large I need you to understand this before we move forward I need you to understand this
now she's a cat lady my experience those things are mostly people you seem like one of them I am
on your side we are on your side human pass for cow not pass for Beck 67 on a 40 yeah I mean it's
pretty straightforward here she is absolutely lying to you however for this project this
situation my current objective is to out the truth on the Godel company to show the world that things
unnatural to our world are happening at their behest I want that to be known do you want that
to be known as well for the first time Cal is questioning that when he hears the way she's
talking about it okay so give us our footage and we'll take our friend and we'll get out of here
and run the story I also want that to happen and good that's great so let's just do that it's going
to take a day or two to get things in order as far as she looks at Julius she looks back at the
two of you you know the murder oh are you gonna nab him no no no no no oh right you killed type
and two other people not people just cops that's right oh all cops are gaskards after we're done
here can we talk about the promotion absolutely two of them two of them the footage is right there
she points to the couch and you do see like on the other side of the couch there's a duffel bag
that goes over to get it and grabs it yep the footage is inside it seems to all be there is
it the stuff I mean it looks like it is it my hard drive is it the one that was stolen from my
pocket or did is it copied no no it is yours yeah it's my it's my hard drive at least I have to plug
it in see if it's there my drives hard hot damn back when you look down at your hand with the
phone drive in it there's blood on your hand from where you grab the bag when you unzipped it oh
gross this is he's holding up the hand this is this is one of the cops I assume real grip
that's a hot one I looked I'm like is that 60 I can't tell if this is a one but it is a one
dude I gained one grip how have your objectives changed in the world getting the footage back
probably it feels probably really good to back like this was that's I mean that's his footage
that's always been a thing now that we've got some it seems like backup in this whole thing with X I
think that he feels like we're untouchable we're doing we're back on the right track when Beck is
holding up his bloody hand this is like at any cost right Beck Beck cautiously nods yeah I mean
yeah you gotta break a few eggs to make omelet right cow just kind of looks down at the ground
yeah back and I think we can agree we got some bad eggs in the city yeah yeah bad eggs she reaches
her hand out to Cal Colorado agent Diggory Cal Colorado go make some news mr. Colorado in 48
hours okay yeah the producer job will be yours just walk on in as if it is that you mean mine
and he's the anchor Oh Julius type said I could have it oh yeah I'm really sorry Julius but your
boss here just promised it to me you could be you could be anchor I was just gonna do kind of
a you want me to be the anchor whatever no no probably I don't actually since I'll be producer
I've never heard you talk about wanting to be a producer before well I could direct the network
to a more just and and and truthful vision of the world I could I could put what's really important
on there okay Julius remembers that he's only cared about this literally for like a week
then it settled we avoided potentially months of in real time Julius thinks about like about
arguing and then things about killing goffs and how it was pretty sick to do that and he's like
priorities but could we could we talk a minute just just you and me yeah what you got by the way
congrats on the promotion well you know nothing's final yet I guess we'll know in 48 hours but it
feels good right yeah I mean well it actually kind of feels real bad it's kind of a bummer
that that's kind of what I want to talk well we just had a little scare yeah we thought we lost
that whole episode which was we were the ones experiencing the horror podcast I lost so much
grip my face turned white then we went into our handy friend the internet and the first thing we
heard from a man on YouTube was this is why when and then he said the exact thing that happened to
us happens I don't freak out and it made us all feel and then Thomas embraced yeah with fervor
which was good because my girlfriend has been telling me I need to hug my friends because I
want like you want too much yeah well you can squeeze me baby I need you need squeezes I'm
gonna squeeze you all tonight I need Thomas so you were just pulling a sorry Cal Colorado
was just pulling back wilder aside so we had Luke leave the room yeah congrats on the promotion
dude it doesn't actually I was gonna start at a different spot okay that's kind of what I wanted
to talk to you about so it doesn't really feel great like does it it's kind of it's bittersweet
like you don't really film producers very often I don't know if we're gonna be like oh Beck you'll
don't worry about that listen we have a lot of time to talk about where you'll be in this
organization but doesn't it kind of seem weird what's going on here like does it seem like
doesn't seem like me like it's kind of scary when she talks about how much she wants this stuff to
happen and it doesn't really feel like it feels like maybe this is some sort of splinter group
from the other group that abducted him is maybe the vibe I'm getting like I think she's rogue oh
dude I did not even think about that I she is cold that's for sure but at the end of the day
she wants to show the footage right and that's what we want what if it's what if it's too powerful
I mean yeah for sure we I think we kind of did this conversation back with Vivica we just we
were gonna try and do it slower this time you thinking we shouldn't do it at all dude we've
got the footage now we can protect it we've got 48 hours to decide and and see what Julius and his
people want from it if we can yeah we're investigative journalists let's investigate we play
it close to the chest I'm good with that it's best but no it's like you hold your cards up
really close to your chest so nobody can see Oh Beck people tell me I should correct less
anyway yeah I think we're on the same page take it slow we'll take it slow that was fucking
masterful yeah that was I'm really glad you dropped that holy shit okay let's play it cool
and they I like Cal turns around and awkwardly winks at Julius whose face is just like dripping
with blood next let's get him back on Ian hello hello is it me you're looking for no I've peed
now several times I do not have to pee anymore tonight Julius Julius has been just looking off
kind of not paying attention for a minute suddenly Cal Colorado turns back and looks at you and you
kind of notice and then he gives you a wink yeah and Julius winks back Cal turns back he's like oh
I think I think he thinks I'm flirting with him yeah it was kind of weird to return the
yeah I kind of that's the vibe I got Julius hi no Julius says that to Cal oh yeah okay um I have
a powerful natural charisma they can be mistaken anyway I'm just saying don't worry Julius it
happens all the time I've seen it dozens of times what are we gonna do to until we can put it on the
news there's the question well that's that's the good thing Julius now that we've secured the
footage you can come with us to the hospital and nobody has to split up we'll stay right there with
you in the room yeah I guess I mean I don't really don't really want to go back but two days in a
hospital it's one night for your own good dude yeah you're kind of beat up right now it was
pretty amazing what Stevie managed to do with a target first-aid kit and some old fast-food
napkins but I think a doctor should look at that gunshot wound yeah and he like kind of touched it
and it hurts yeah we can talk about how we want to edit it yeah we can talk about that I'm sleepy
Zach just made a lot of rolls do you guys hear that it sounds like God's trying to make a
decision now he's just rolling the psychos out I need everyone to roll alertness pass I pass
without cow fails what do you pass with 15 52 Luke not a big deal you just see Stevie
got a little walking out of the house nope and Julius pulls out a gun and aims it Adam
and they hold their hands just like straight up in the air and they're like what do you think I'm
gonna let a god will get away in the middle of all this okay Cal jumps in front of Stevie it's
fucking hot I was trying you I was gonna smoke it's like too much this is all like this is a
lot I was gonna smoke does anyone want to smoke with me outside Cal turns his back to Julius
Thomas and I are both holding our hands and it's facing Stevie and he's like he looks really hard
into her eyes it's like remember what we talked about Stevie it's up to you you don't have to
be a bad God I don't know what you're trying to do sneaking away you should stick with us
roll persuade with a plus 20 46 something kind of shifts in their eyes I don't know how to say
this I've never trusted anyone before that makes sense and I do now yeah I'm in Beck nods Adam
kind of off to the side cow bursts into tears
my life is great and it makes me think my whole body is gonna go over with it yeah what was that
noise you made it was mortal let's get 30 seconds before we do there's a tick-tock where this woman
is like X expel all the breath in your lungs and then grab your neck I did it too I didn't make it
sound nearly as funny as her but it was pretty funny okay so you she goes like oh like but when
I did it it was more like just press you're not trying to make a sound it's just what's gonna
happen no yeah oh I didn't like doing the glottal clock oh shit okay oh god oh my god
Jones just killed himself Wow terrible game I'm sorry are we recording yeah let's oh we didn't
silence yet no let's do that real quick do it
