Greetings to all of the fine people who consider themselves PTBP enjoyers, and to those who
do not yet enjoy, well, you will.
I am your master of ceremony, Wolf the Dog.
I have a master's degree in radio DJing and a bachelor's of fine arts in Greece applications.
This is the station you all know as 694.2 PTBP.
I'm here to make sure your ear ditches are properly lubricated and ready to receive informations.
Instead of howling with Wolf, everybody's favorite segment, me, Wolf, would like to
take a moment and howl at all of you who have entered the 694.2 PTBP season 2 fan art contest
slash drawing.
Howl!
And here's another howl for those who took the extra step to post their entries on Instagram,
Twitter, and Facebook with the hashtag PTBPcontest2.
Howl!
Remember, there will be a winner of the contest, and sure, they will be chosen by Joe and Justin
and Luke and Thomas and Zach, and they will receive any three items of their choosing
from the PTBP merch store, and their name will forever be remembered as the winner of
this contest, and we will all bow down before their eternal and likely squamous artistry.
But two more of you yahoos are going to be randomly picked to receive whatever piece
of merch your heart desires, and you can enter any medium into this contest slash drawing.
One of our esteemed and delightful moderators, Marie, has suggested that folks who can't
trawl try out another form of media like Fanfic or a video of yourself doing the walk while
squatting dance.
Hmm, this strikes me as excellent advice.
Fuck, could even win.
Remember to submit them entries on the pinned thread over on the Pretending to be People
subreddit.
And then for additional entries, post that shit on Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook.
If Wolf repeats himself, then you know it's true.
So take this next bit to heart.
The links are in the damn show notes.
I spend all day and night typing up them little show notes for y'all, and I wonder to myself,
is anyone even reading this stuff?
I lay awake pondering, brainstorming, typing even.
Do y'all know how many keyboards I go through?
They're all so sopping wet after just a few words.
So please, I beg of you, just this once, for dear old Wolfie, go take a look at them show
notes.
Now, let's dig in or down or whatever with our shiny new shovel and damn, this thing
is sharp.
Could probably slice right through Rapunzel's hair or fell a massive beanstalk.
But this isn't Sondheim, we're just going into the news.
Last time, Cal Colorado was in and out of a reverie while exploring the Zeitgeist Inn.
His engagement to Virginia Wolf, the dog, the bounty hunter, Biden, AKA Virginia McIntyre
out.
His old archeologist contact, Dr. Brock Hargrave, left his shovel hidden in the tree line after
potentially digging holes that absolutely spell out the numbers 836 and Braille, but
you know, big and in the ground and now refilled.
In, he's excited for his new life with his new wife.
Out, he's putting his nose in a Ziploc bag with a waxy substance smeared about, trying
to smell God.
Who's to say which is a happier time for Cal Colorado?
I guess I could, but instead, he has a brand new tune to keep those pesky memories at bay.
It's Alter Girl with My Life is Great and It's All My Fall.
Because my life is great and it's all my fall.
The prison guard was banging on our cell.
What's up?
Drinking these and burping makes me think of when I was playing Ephraim, Judge Ephraim
Courtland.
Oh yeah.
And I would like drink in any given hour of recording that, I would drink like seven of
those and I would like, I would drink like half of one and then shake my body around
so that I had a burp ready to go as soon as it was needed.
I had no idea you were so committed to that character.
What we do for the art baby, wow.
I'm really glad that we were recording remote when that was happening.
I don't know.
I think.
I'm not sure I would have been able to go.
Oh my God.
Oh no, the judge is back.
They smell pleasant though, like strawberry.
The burps.
All of them, no matter what you've been drinking?
Mm-hmm.
Even if I'm not, even if it's not a burp from chugging sparkling water.
Oh, that last one was so, such hashtag wet energy.
Yeah, hashtag wet energy.
That's a big theme this season, Zach.
It is a big theme this season.
God, that's wet.
I don't like it, the words.
Why?
Wet energy?
Yeah.
People are lying when they say they have a problem with moist, but.
Oh, I think because of, I think it's because of the fucking wet beef sign of the town we
made up, Springfield.
There's this guy who makes these Chicago style wet beef sandwiches, but he advertises it.
Are you talking about the commercial that plays on Cardinal games?
Because that's the one that gets me.
What I have not heard of.
A girl goes, why are you all wet?
And the other girl goes, because I ate a wet Italian beef from.
Don't say that.
It's so gross.
Don't give the wet beef guy business.
I love that place.
Everything there is good.
I assume the wet beef is good too, but I'll never order it.
No, I always get the muffuletta.
I always get the, his last name special.
Actually, I think it's a, it's not, it's like, oh, I didn't know it was both names.
Lot of beeps there.
Oh, I didn't know it was beep.
It's beep, beeps, beep, beep, beep.
Big fan of sandwiches though, overall.
And like when I've got a wet saucer, maybe I can dip my Sammy into make it all nice.
Yeah, dude.
Yeah.
I don't speak French.
Sorry.
I sneeze.
I like it a lot.
Is his sign still like a, the fill in the blanks thing?
What does it say?
At one point it was like, I like my coffee black, my something, something and my beef
wet.
That's what we're talking about at the start is awful, awful signs.
Yeah.
What is this?
Have you driven by it recently?
That was a common one.
That's pretty often up there.
One was just like fill in the blank and it's like W T B F.
Wet beef.
You nailed it.
Oh no, he doesn't.
Okay.
He doesn't say wet beef.
He says wet Italian specifically, which is why it's gross because you picked your
I don't even know what he looks like, but I assume it's grosser if he's wet, wet in
Italian.
Anyway, shout out to Springfield, Missouri.
What's beef beef.
Monzo and both together.
Yep.
Give me something different.
Monzo innuomido.
Monzo innuomido.
I think that means beef in water.
I think that's sloppy steaks.
Okay.
Enough about that.
You're getting my beef wet if you know what I mean.
I do know what you mean.
You're making my bread hard.
Soggy.
Oh, I got real high on Luke's vape pen so I was just looking at Thomas.
Thomas was looking at maybe the darker reflection of himself in the TV.
No, I was just looking at that koozie, but that's a much bleaker possibility and I could
see how it looked like that.
No, honestly, I was trying to not think about wet Italians and I was trying to think about
the fucking game we're supposed to be playing and what our next move would be.
How God damn dare you.
Julius looks at the Ziploc bag and thinks, that looks a little like some wet beef.
Maybe one of you should eat it.
The meta gaming at this stage in the story is a...
Well, that's why I don't take notes.
Every time we record, it's a whole brand new experience.
Yeah, to catch us up, based on where we were, y'all were smelling the bag, y'all were smelling
God.
I believe Julius Summers was the first one...
I think we were specifically not smelling.
Julius Summers was the first one who caught a whiff.
I didn't smell it though.
I touched it and caught the smell, I think.
As you picked it up.
Okay.
Was it from the bag or from touching it?
Smells a curious scent, huh?
Hm.
Makes you think.
That would have made more sense.
We've got a situation then where the bag is handed over to Stevie and they smell it as
well and their eyes get massive and they're like, oh yeah, that's the smell.
And then Beck Wilder grabbed the bag as well, but then Cal Colorado steps in and says, Beck,
wait, wait, no.
You've got to film me smelling it first and...
Get the shot here.
Give me the baggie.
Give me the baggie.
Beck hands it over.
Okay, okay.
Sort of reluctantly.
I'm just looking forward to a God whiff.
I just got a God whiff of something.
It's what your wife's cooking.
You're smelling what your wife's cooking.
You believe God is a whiff.
Is that Chuck Mangione too?
Yeah.
Wow, that is actually really strong.
That is, okay, so great.
This is perfect for a forgetting main character.
Yeah.
It is Brussels sprouts.
Yes, it is.
I don't know if it's your chance to take a whiff, but we've got to make television first.
We're here outside of the zeitgeist where we found a bag of what some say is a substance
very close to the essence of God himself and they say they smelled God in this bag and
we're going to take a whiff.
Watch me now as I smell the bag.
Slow zoom.
Okay, I'm opening the bag.
I'm putting my nose in the bag.
And what happens?
Okay, so this Ziploc bag has been turned inside out and the substance is on the outside of
the bag.
Which is in another bag.
Right, which we covered.
Which is now in another bag.
Last episode.
Yeah, I wanted to get the full visual.
He knows what he's doing.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I meant that other bag.
No, no, yeah.
I meant the second bag.
The second bag.
The exterior bag.
Yeah.
Is open and sniffed.
We're feeling a Ziploc bag with a piece of God on the outside.
We know, we know, we know.
Have you, have you smelled God?
It'd be hilarious if you like ripped a fart right then.
No, I don't think Cal has.
I don't think Cal has smelled God yet.
Um, okay, real quick, uh, Joe and what's your name?
Luke.
If you guys could leave the room for a second.
New guy.
New guy!
What does Cal know of this entity?
I don't think he knows much at all about it.
He probably doesn't think it's God for sure.
Have you passed out each time God has been around or have you seen, have you gotten a
visual on God?
I don't think so.
Smells like earwax.
Yeah, Cal gags at that.
He removes his nose from the bag and he squints at the camera and he says, well, if that's
God folks, act just very earnestly, took his headphones off and stuck a finger in his ear.
And I thought he was about to stand up and go like outside and pee or something.
And then he just stuck his earwax finger in my nose.
Well, you didn't, you didn't stick it in my nose.
That would have been nuts if I penetrated nostrils.
You proffered it like close enough and you didn't, you know, you didn't make me sniff
it without consent, but it was there for me to sniff.
I'm a decent friend.
Yeah.
So Cal says, well, some people may say this smells like divinity, but to me it just smells
like the inside of some morons ear.
Take your whiff back if you must.
Morons earwax.
I don't even know what that would smell like.
Is that like an idiom?
Go ahead and give it a smell.
All right.
And he's using his camera under his arm, like a selfie upward, so it's a real chinny
shot and he holds it up to his nose and takes a whiff.
Luke and Thomas, if you could leave the room for me.
Why did we come here in the first place?
So you can see how sweaty I am in person.
Joe, what do you know of this entity?
I saw it.
It looked like a super soaker midair going from one entity into, I think it was Chuck
Binwell I saw it hit and send him through a glass window.
I don't remember if I've seen it since.
I don't think I have.
No, I think you were out.
I think you passed out the next time that it was visible to someone.
Yeah.
So yeah, I've just got, I've got senses of what it looks like.
You've been told what it smells like.
Salt water, oceany.
Oh, weird.
It's like you're getting some of that.
Oh yeah.
You can definitely see where they're coming from as that scent overwhelming overpowers
your nostrils.
You are given visions and visuals of lightning continuously striking an unnaturally focused
tornado and unholy stomach dropping phenomenon connecting the sky above and the ground below.
This vibrating, humming electric and wet mass makes up this towering force of nature.
This terrifying, unfamiliar deep below this tunnel travels.
All of a sudden you see the middle of a desert and you see the sand just blast away in a
circular pattern like ripples all through the sand.
This entity is gone and there is just an endless hole and your vision goes down the hole further
and further and further into dark, endless nothingness.
And then you smell this odd sort of sailing and you're looking at everyone back here at
the zeitgeist.
Roll grip.
Holy shit.
That was cool.
I pass.
You only lose one grip here.
You're able to kind of hold on.
You wonder to yourself almost if you've sort of tuned in to one of these events occurring,
but you're not certain of that.
You just have this horrible feeling.
I think that he holds on to some of his grip because it was oddly beautiful.
It was a storm with lightning crashing a spectacle and then that tunnel downward into nothingness
was almost peaceful by the end of it.
It was a shock and then relief and release.
He was still frightened by it, I think ultimately, but there was something about it that was
almost nice.
I love that.
That was cool.
Beck Wilder grabs the bag.
You see him take a whiff and he's staring for a moment and then he throws the bag to
the ground.
He drops the camera and goes to pick up the camera and you see in his eyes he's wild eyed
and he looks frightened, but also like when a little kid gets frightened, there's also
like a little bit of a smile there.
He's what that smell like smell dude.
I saw holy shit here.
What'd you see the store?
You guys didn't see the store.
Holy shit.
Like oh holy shit.
Lightning tornado stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's it.
I think I saw.
I think I saw a hole dude.
I think I saw the formation of a fucking hole where shit.
This can be like that map guesser game on the internet.
It was Sandy.
They drove on the left side of the road and the trees.
The sun was in the Northern hemisphere.
It's the desert or the beach or a volleyball court.
It was magnificent and terrible.
How long did this take a flash guys?
I think, you know, it makes me smell God and it made you see the storm and stuff.
I think I think we got to get this stuff to to Greg.
Why do you think that?
Because God is in Greg and I smell God and he saw, you know, what God is making Greg
do when, when we interacted with this stuff, maybe God will like this or maybe it he'll
hate it.
But either way, it's something, it could be some sort of like direct link.
Yeah.
I suppose we could use it to track God down.
Like a that's so Raven, like look into the future a little bit to see where he is.
Just like a, you know, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, what are we, what are you, what
are we talking about when we talk about God?
I mean, whatever was in the turtle and whatever's in Greg.
Yeah.
That like wet energy, the wet, the wet energy for sure.
Cal is really trying to like square wet energy with a Methodism.
He's like, okay, like a, like a Buddhist thing, like, okay.
This is something, right?
This is something powerful.
We saw powerful things at the Godels, little lair, little big secret city, but you know,
this could be God.
This could be the work of very bad men.
And that's what we do.
We stop bad men.
Right?
Yeah.
And give him this stuff.
Maybe see how he reacts to it.
Um, yeah, maybe we've got to find him first.
Yeah.
Well, and I think we can make, I don't, you know, I don't want to put this on you back,
but we might be able to get a good idea of where he is or where he's been.
If, if you can kind of, if it makes you see, I mean, you guys want me to take another hit?
What do you saw this right when you, just when you smelled the, yeah.
What did I look like?
Was I standing there for like 20 minutes?
Oh, that's been weird looking.
You sniffed and then you, and then you started the camera and ran away after like 20 minutes.
No, immediately.
Immediately.
What?
Wait, did you, you didn't make me roll for it.
Did you?
What?
Roll for what?
When I smelled the bag, you didn't make me roll.
No, there's different sort of mechanics.
Okay.
Gotcha.
For this whole thing.
I smell what you're stepping in.
Yeah.
It's based on sense.
I mean, it obviously doesn't take long to smell it again and see what you see.
Wait.
As long as we don't have to leave the room.
Let me hold the camera.
Okay.
You, you hold it here and then you push this button to turn off the play to the record,
but don't ever touch that.
Like why would you?
You know what I mean?
And then this here you can use to zoom if you need to.
I know how to use a camera back and he instantly pushes that button.
Cal, I can see the lights off.
What?
Hit it one more time.
Click.
You got it buddy.
Julius is going to kind of like get around back in case he like falls down or something
to catch him.
Yeah.
I'll get the other side.
All right.
Hi.
Wilder and I'm about to smell the God thing again.
Ready?
Here we go.
And he does.
This is the fucking watch thing.
If Beck can, since he's doing this with purpose this time and it kind of hopes to know what
to expect, he's going to try and do what we talked about and maybe instead of focusing
on the storm, look for landmarks on the horizon and stuff like that.
Very cool.
If, if that's what happens, I don't, if he sees the storm again, maybe I see something
else.
Go ahead.
Tell us what we see.
Well, you tell me first, what do you, uh, what do you smell?
What do you, uh, what are you feeling like?
It's that brackish brine again to start and then I don't, I mean, then, then he starts
smelling like what it smells like when it first starts to rain pet pet decor, petrichor.
That's what that's called.
Thanks Dr. Who.
And then he starts to see the storm.
Fleeing, flinging itself up into view over the side of the building where you stood in
Grover's Gorge.
The thing flings itself into the body of Chuck Bidwell, thrusting him, I mean, just exploding
the sky backwards.
And then you see that exact same wet energy that blew past you traveling vast distances,
hauling ass in one singular direction over different landmasses, over different landmarks,
over different climate systems and weather patterns.
This thing travels over oceans onto new land.
Let's roll search or yeah, I think search is probably good.
It's a 47 on a 40.
Fail.
Damn dude.
Um, man, yeah, and you're pretty sure you saw like one big thing, but you can't quite
make out what it was and you're like, oh, it was something, it was something big.
You could have figured it out.
You're pretty sure.
I was just a little more worldly.
Beck throws the bag down and this time he looks a little more confused, but also like
his heart rate is up again and kind of wide eyed.
Uh, okay.
News update.
Dudes.
Uh, it's not like present all the time.
Like here's, I saw the fucking beginning, dude.
I saw Grover's Gorge and I saw the first time I saw the fucking wet energy God, dude.
It was flying into Chuck Bidwell.
Like I saw the first time and then he took off and he was fucking going to fail T four
plus one, one, two grip.
You're able to hold it down, but this is going to be a struggle for Beck to get out all the
time.
And it was, it was like, it was like, it was like, I was like, so, okay, um, where is it
now?
I mean, like that's the bad news is like fucking anywhere, dude.
It was just going.
I'm not talking like across town, dude.
I'm talking around the fucking globe.
Is it making the holes?
I mean this time it wasn't, but I think it was like on its way to, I think the first
thing I saw it was a hole make and the second thing was a way to the hole where two speeds,
which way did this hole?
It went west east.
Fuck.
I never learned my directions, right?
What can you tell us?
It was continents, dude.
Continents intercontinental ballistic man soul.
There's something there.
Yeah.
Like an episode title, Julius, uh, doesn't want to lose the bag.
So he grabs it and is going to try to put it back in the other bag.
Hold on.
Let me show you this thing.
Give me, give me another with that back.
Take this camera.
Thanks.
Julius grabs the bag off the ground, which is, I don't know if we've covered this, but
it's the bag with the goo turned inside out inside of a Ziploc bag.
I don't know if we've covered this just so we're all clear.
He offers it to Cal Cal kind of like yanks it and he's a, he's a little like peeved and
he takes a big, big whiff, uh, as big as he can of the bag.
It just, it just smells like some asshole idiot, dill pickles, earwax.
It smells like my fucking brother's earwax.
Sorry.
Sorry for my language.
And like nothing else, nothing else.
Let me try.
He's going to give it a on purpose with this time, Joe and Thomas, point the camera at
me.
Joe walks back in.
Becca's pointing the camera at him.
You feel wet and through your eyes you see Julius Summers looking at you as you're walking
with purpose towards the edge of the cliff in Godel's gate to Grover's gorge and you
are on a mission and you make it to the edge.
You feel your body falling, you feel free, you're not Julius Summers, you're something
else entirely.
You hit the ground, a rush of wet energy bursts forth and you are on board.
Once again, as it just exactly as Beck described, like absolutely just fucking going.
As you blast through the stained glass and enter this upside down church, you see the
ceiling, which is now the floor of this enormous cavernous, almost hollowed out inside of this
enormous cavernous church.
There is a moat at least 10 meters wide running left to right through tunnels that have been
bore out on either side.
There's just a river of red liquid blood by the looks of it based on the countless bodies
that are piled up on the far side of this moat and over the top of this moat is some
train tracking and there is a small little train car sitting waiting patiently and then
you open up your eyes and you're at the zeitgeist.
Fuck yeah.
Roll grip.
It's probably not going to be a pass.
Fourteen out of twenty.
Oh shit, you're only going to lose one, you're going to be able to hold it together but just
barely as this is absolutely stupid.
Is that a good description?
Yeah.
Because this is fucking stupid.
This shit's stupid.
Okay then.
How do you hold onto grip in the face of something so stupid?
Because Julius takes this vision as a clue and he knows what he's going to suggest when
the boys get back or by that I mean when he comes to.
Whee!
Whoa!
Oh!
Oh!
Julius like is in his own world a little bit and then he comes to and looks at you guys.
I know where to go.
Holy shit!
There's a like a blood subway in the church in Godel's gorge.
A what?
I rode on the wet wings of God into the church.
Nice.
Or maybe I was God.
I felt like if you packed a whole day at Six Flags into one second.
And then.
In a good way or a bad way?
In a great way until I saw.
Like bad in a good way?
There's like bad in a good way.
There's a river of blood with a train on top of it surrounded by dead bodies in that upside
down church in Grover's gorge and that's I think I mean that's where God went when
I was with him.
Alternatively I was thinking about jumping in one of those holes.
Holy shit guys.
Holy fucking shit.
Alternatively.
This isn't God this is this is the devil.
Even more reason to find him and stop him.
I'm definitely open to the idea of this thing being a devil dude.
What if we just bulldozed the gorge right on in over on this stupid fucking church.
Take that Satan.
Right?
Yeah.
Haha.
Like take a how?
How would you do that?
We fill it in we fill it all in.
The whole thing.
It was a lot that is true.
And then they're not going to stop us with this whole project.
Well that's why we reveal their sinister machinations to the world through the news.
So everybody's on our side.
But we got to get the facts first.
We can't just report we smelled some goo and it's all gone.
Why not?
No damn it Beck he's right.
We got to find the facts the source.
I mean we got to we either got to go to one of the holes and like drop a camera in it
or we got to get on the blood train.
That weird nightcrawler guy.
Didn't he have drones and stuff?
Oh shit.
Daddy?
Yeah.
He would love to plug one of those holes.
Let's call daddy and get him to plug a hole.
What was daddy's real name?
Thomas do you?
Kurt.
Kurt.
What are you learning?
I was just refreshing myself on Kurt.
He's 30s looks older curly hair.
And he had footage of the storm and stuff right?
Yeah.
Bright.
Oh he had brought footage of the phenomenon.
I hate to say it but that fucking creep's been on top of this from the start.
I did your burp while I was trying to keep mine quiet.
Have one of you guys got daddy's number?
I definitely got daddy's number.
Call him and see who knows he might have even flown a drone down there already.
Can we please call him Kurt?
Daddy has an inquisitive mind you know.
From what I could tell when I met him.
See why do you just let him make you call him daddy?
Well when people tell me their name I call them that and it's kind of hard to start calling
somebody something and then change it.
That's something started so progressive and then ended so.
I dial daddy.
Perfect.
Do you have to go find out what daddy sounds like?
Yup.
Is it just a creep like this?
I think it's yeah it's definitely another pushed strained voice.
Beck whips out his phone.
What is he in your contacts as?
He's daddy parentheses Kurt.
Unfortunate.
K daddy.
And Beck Wilder clicks call and throws it on speakerphone that way we don't have to
make Lagan Thomas leave the room again.
I sniff the bag.
I click off speakerphone.
Are we good?
He sniffed the bag right?
No.
Oh okay I sniffed the bag.
Don't don't let him sniff the bag.
I was rubbing my ear.
I'm never I'm never making eye contact so you can always get me with that.
Taylor's been ringing for a while now.
And then I.
Wilder.
Kurt uh hey this is Cal Colorado Beck Wilder and Julius Summers.
We need to use some of your drones we'll pay you of course.
Think you could do that?
Oh yeah.
Cool thanks buddy click.
That's how you deal with that you don't let them get their shenanigans in you just don't
let it start.
Where is he?
Sounded like he was at home we'll text him the details.
Me at hole in bridge.
Uh yeah text him that.
Beck does uh meet at bridge hole.
Okay so it is late late late late late and I believe that you guys were rocking energy
energy energy drinks drinks drinks in order to stave off the uh exhaustion.
Add tomorrow to the end of that text.
Say 9 a.m.
9 a.m. good?
Yeah.
9 a.m. is good.
9 a.m. is what he adds to the text.
Perfect.
Well it's getting dark out we better get home.
What if we all went you know to my place and and but really stuck together this time.
Yeah I like that.
Yeah I really am all for sticking together at this point.
All right Steve is that good with you Steve?
Yeah yeah I'm down.
All right I'm making waffles.
I'll see you all at 5 a.m.
Oh that's in four hours.
I was like yeah that sounds about right.
You guys make your way back down into the parking lot here of the zeitgeist and of course
this misty evening has left a nice wet dew on Cal's mercedes and underneath one of the
windshield wipers you see a piece of paper in a specific shape and that that shape is
that shape is what shape does that make like a teardrop almost a heart yeah like a stamina
vessel from zelda does anyone have any occult skill oh you know it dude how do you yeah
then you guys both know this is the shape of a planchette for those of you who don't
know what a planchette is it is the small board supported on casters typically heart
shaped and fitted with a vertical pencil used for automatic writing and in seances known
commonly as how you utilize a ouija board gotcha gotcha gotcha uh hey guys look there's
a heart note on my windshield okay and there's a handwritten bit on there that says thirsty
thirst trap thursday and this card is actually like a business card for olga's underground
iolite jazz mode what does iolite mean iolite is a magnesium iron aluminum silo silicate
silo silicate iron is almost always present oh iolite iolite yeah yeah it's a rock yeah
you know a famous aluminum gemstone it's a gemstone what day is today it's like purple
clear uh today's wednesday uh although technically it is thursday already but you know it's uh
you'll wake up and it'll still be thursday are there any footprints or anything oh yeah
there's definitely footprints good question in the dew yeah dewy dewy fresh footprints
yeah and they are enormous heels it's probably oga do we know ogar yeah dude is this uh do
we know about this place no no i don't think you know anything about this place huh i bet
we can ask that weird fucker about this place when we see him tomorrow morning daddy yeah
this definitely sounds like the kind of place for a creep like him sounds like some daddy
would know underground whatevers it's a jazz abode oh jazz abode that sounds nice actually
i think i'd like this never mind don't tell this please don't don't tell that creep about
my cool new place don't tell them we're going no matter what you do anything else weird
or can we get in that bad boy any more bangs for a sec anything else you got up your sleeve
or you just want to go home let's go home guys it's been a long fucking day did i kill
people today yeah he says it out you say that oh oh that's right let's take an inventory
of the day i understand back you weren't filming that right damn back then hits record not
anymore all right so um just remember uh just please please don't touch anything uh in the
upstairs bathroom um and and otherwise uh please please please make yourself at home wow cow this
place is so nice well thank you stevie this is me and richard dixon yeah that tricky dick that guy
that guy was uh complicated he was did you see this one he was with the beatles dude wow who
who's that stevie uh here stevie here's him with lil nas x oh wow that's so cool i know it's late
but do you guys want to watch yesterday again as the credits are playing and stevie's like i still
don't know who the beatles are i related to so many people in that movie okay i'll take the couch
i guess if that's cool or i mean i i slept on it last night i thought i could take it again um it
felt good okay what are our other options uh there's there's several bedrooms uh take your
pick several several couches and the various lounging areas and living spaces um julius is
gonna wander around the house until he finds a bedroom and then immediately probably go to sleep
yeah i don't know for there if you have more to do here but when beck is bedding down he's taking
the bag that has that footage that got stolen previously and using it as a pillow he's not
letting it away from him yeah in the slightest way amazing cal is up on the uh the top floor
in his uh study pacing in front of his window with a uh a glass of scotch and um holding a bible
in one hand and occasionally like flipping through it and then picking up uh zen and the art of
motorcycle maintenance flipping through that and trying to reconcile what he's seen the past few
days with uh his previous cosmology and theology julius strips down to his boxers and he like steps
up on the bed and then steps back down and does that about 200 times and then and then lays down
in bed can beck fall asleep uh re-watching footage yeah absolutely he just wants to kind of look back
at what he's been filming and if you'll give me a search role for anything interesting that he
didn't notice before oh i walked right in here uh yeah shoot a 10 40 those are cool dice thanks
they're cheery blossoms i sprung this on you if you want to think about it i just thought that
would be a thing that beck does oh 100 looking at corners of the frame that he wasn't actually
focused on previously i could take my answer off air or like it comes to you in a dream and you
remember in the morning yes i want to add that while julius is getting his leg workout in he's
trying to compartmentalize killing his uncle so he doesn't ever think about it again smart
what kind of compartment are you putting that in uh he's a scary one with all the scary stuff he's
done throughout his life he's crushing it in 200 thighs his massive mental thighs i vice luke and
thomas if you guys could leave the room joe as beck wilder goes through this footage again and
again looking through everything you you catch something that you didn't notice the first time
around on the train heading across godel's gate away from grover's gorge and there's a jaguar
prowling on top of this train and then it made a jump and you're replaying this spot over and over
because in the very very back of the audio you hear this voice that you don't recognize saying
oh shit holy shit oh shit oh shit oh shit roll grip
that's a crit pass oh my god okay well this adds up this adds up this makes sense you saw
a kangaroo wearing a school uniform you saw a humanoid body with the face of a pug the fact
that there's a jaguar with human speech that is well within your grasp and understanding of the
world with the life that you've been living recently yeah the the final shot of beck is you
he's got his headphones on and he's been using a little dial on the camera he's watching through
the viewfinder and he's gotten to that point and he's turned it back and turned it forward oh shit
turn it back and turn it forward oh shit turn it back turn it forward oh shit and then beck starts
to say it along with it oh shit oh shit oh shit
30 seconds of silence to get room to edit out all the bad noise so shouldn't we just be making
a bunch of bad noise there's someone in your house edit that out computer they aren't very
smart in that regard yet don't let them hear you say that don't let them hear you say that
my life is great
you
