Greetings, Dream Babies!
It's your sleepy daddy, Wolf the Dog,
and I am here to snooze 18 hours a day
and eat garbage for the six waking hours.
As for the other four hours in the day?
Well, I try to catch up on my math lessons.
I am yawning at you live from 694.2 PTBP,
the only radio station that definitely penetrates your sleep brainwaves
even when the radio is turned off.
This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Ain't Slayed Nobody,
a new actual play podcast playing Down Darker Trails,
the Old West setting for Call of Cthulhu.
They done gone and tagged that pretendin' pod in a tweet, ya hear?
That's some Western talk for you cowpokes out there.
They write,
Dear Wolf,
Isn't it time for a pretendin' to be pups spinoff?
Think of the subscriber counts before you answer.
Anyway, we reckon we were more excited than popcorn on a hot stove
when we earned this announcement.
We have some things in common,
being a comedy horror podcast where we pretend to be people.
In our case, cowpokes, drifters, prospectors.
But the setting don't matter a lick when death is knockin' down the door.
Bein' is where the new kid's on the plane.
We'd sure appreciate anyone who lets us bend their ear for an episode or two.
Did we detect a little Texan accent there beneath the grit, Wolf?
Via con diablos, your friends at Ain't Slayed Nobody.
Now listen here, bub.
I don't do anything I do for some kind of subscriber count.
I do everything I do to whet my own whistle.
But I digress.
That sounds like an interestin' settin' y'all got there.
The Old West.
This Texas you speak of.
I feel as though I may have been there in a past life.
Or a future one.
I have been all places at all times at some point, I am sure.
My existence is persistent like that.
Anyway, it sounds like a good time.
I wish I knew what the fuckin' internet was so I could see a goddamn podcast.
Just a simple tweet with a tag somewhere in it or an Instagram story at Pretending Pod.
That's all it takes.
And then you can write up something for your old Wolfie to howl.
Plus, all your followers will know what kind of filth you're into.
Disclosure is good, my babies.
Disclosure and money.
Wolf the dog has an odd relationship with money.
Paper money is crazy and I don't understand how nobody uses it.
But coin money?
Now that's some shit you can get some grease on, baby.
Grease up them coins and throw them in the bathtub and have yourself a good old time.
And speaking of money, you can use some of yours to support the show over on patreon.com
slash pretending pod.
The month of May will be particularly blessed with an edited bonus episode wherein the boys
take on a legendary house in Call of Cthulhu's The Haunting.
As well as part one and part two, if all goes well, of the scenario voted on by the patrons
Caleb Stokes, lover in the ice, a delta green favorite that gets nasty real quick.
Those in the den of sin can expect a behind the scenes live stream of the recording process
for part two of that game in the next few weeks.
To the den of sin now and see the recorded stream of part one as soon as you join, if
you want to see how the sausage gets played, patreon.com slash pretending pod.
If that felt like an advertisement, then squeeze that grip tighter until I bloop out the news.
Those gosh dang contention police officers woke up in Ari Manstein's tomb again.
It's the third time this story, what in the holy time traveling fuck is going on?
They saved an old woman from a freakishly long limb creature in a black suit.
Wow, that's nice.
Then she died.
That's not as nice.
Keith, John, and Clark tried to convince an otherworldly being they were its deceased
co-worker, Jim Cook.
Realizing quickly that Keith was not Jim, the creature tried to get some info, but due
to the lack of perspective, mostly just fucked with them, knowing it was going to wipe the
memories of the past week at the end of the encounter.
But did our beloved heroes allow themselves to be brain mopped?
Abso-fucking-lutely not.
They remember everything.
And then Drew Andrews pulled up.
A few folks on the fine internet dropped the line to say Drew sounded too confident.
Others suggested this was a more worldly Drew, like he'd seen some shit.
I can't see shit either.
Just a hot pile of yes please and a head full of kudzu with no backbone.
Hey everybody, it's time for episode 77 with my best friends, Thomas and Luke and Joe and
everybody.
We can't sing on the Zoom call together cause there's lag and you can't sing with me.
Do you want to go ahead and get a cut of you introducing that better?
Thomas can suck my dick, I would like it, he is my least favorite person in the world
except for he's not, I am a dirty liar and I love him so dearly and I miss kissing his
face.
Oh boy.
Face.
Me.
I miss kissing your faces too.
I wanted to start today with a quick game where we try to kiss each other's faces.
So we play the Price is Right rules with the mechanics of this game so real quick I want
everyone to answer on like 3, 2, 1 you say us or you on who wins a roll.
So who wins if I roll a 52 on a 50 and you roll a 51 on a 60?
3, 2, 1.
Us.
Yes, nice.
Us.
And if I roll a 0, 7 on a 40 and you roll a 45 on a 45?
Us.
Us.
And if I roll a 44 on a 70 and you roll an 11 on a 50?
Us.
I don't know on that one actually.
I think you, it's two crits versus you get the higher crit.
What happens?
In two crit situations the higher crit wins.
You.
Unless it's a 1.
Unless it's a 1.
I've got one last one for you.
If I roll a 0, 1 on a 10 and you roll a 69 on a 60?
Us.
Us.
Because that's a crit fail for us.
No, no, isn't 69 always a critical success, right?
I don't know that one.
And it trumps all of these?
No, does it trump all others?
It trumps a 1?
We've never, I guess it does.
It's the crit.
It's the crit.
It's the crit.
So thank you.
You all did very well, almost perfect.
But yeah, no, it's good to get that out.
A solid C.
So here are your degrees.
Who's it signed by?
Oh gosh, who would it be signed by?
The Hamburglar.
Zach.
Zacho.
This is great, I feel like we're in the last scene of A New Hope where they're getting
their awards.
Yeah, so if you could all just bend down.
I was trying to remember a scene in New Hope where they were like quizzing each other on
numbers.
I couldn't come up with that scene.
It's when they were trying to get into Mensa.
Chewie loses.
He freaks out.
Drew just pulled up in the red 2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse, rolls down the window, hello contention
police officers, please get in the car and come with me.
Drew.
So good to see you, Drew.
Wait, what?
You are, and you are, and you, who are you?
Oh, hey Drew, well, I'm John Lee Kevin Moore in a manner of speaking.
You see, Kevin was Marvin Glass's main enforcer along with Rosemary, but he was actually the
lobotomized, I mean, completely brain-removed body of my, of my father.
Oh my god.
This is John.
I'm John, yeah, I'm John, and I'm in this body now.
John Lee Pettymore, the missing John Lee Pettymore?
Is that what they're calling me?
Well, John Lee Pettymore the third disappeared so long ago and everyone just assumed he died.
Right.
I...
Yes, he did, right?
I don't understand.
Well, I'm looking at you right now, I'm so, but you're saying that you are, now Drew has
been through a lot with you guys, and he did, in fact, witness the Cat Man switching bodies,
so this is, um...
He can roll with the idea of somebody being in somebody else's body.
I like what you're saying here.
A little bit better, yeah.
He's gonna be able to slightly understand that, and so John Lee Pettymore the fourth
is in the body of John Lee Pettymore the third, and your body is, where's your body?
Well, my body was rendered useless.
You know what, we can get into all this later, I don't really know if we have time to explain
ball to you.
What's contention like?
Oh, we have to get back, I mean, we are in desperate need of help.
Okay, so contention is working still, yes, of course, and we're working on puddle teaming
everywhere, so basically what we gotta do-
Puddle teaming?
Puddle teaming, yeah, so you guys should probably come, I mean, that's why I'm here, I'm here
to come get you so that you can come back to contention and help, because you are the
only police officers that we had, and you all abandoned us, and I wanted to come find
you and bring you back so that you could help us, thank you so much for doing that, but
we have these deep man-made puddles all over contention so that if somebody sees the residue
coming then you can jump into the puddle that's teaming, right, so, baths.
Whose idea was this, Drew?
Did you organize this, Drew?
Oh gosh, no, it was Pastor Adam Cain, it was Pastor Adam Cain that did that, and he's
taken over.
Did you call him daddy?
What, no, it's just, it's a fun, it's a fun thing, he's like kind of, um, okay, so contention's
pretty wrecked, right, and so we needed a leader, and Pastor Adam Cain is taking care
of everyone at the First Creek family at contention, and so everyone is there, and that's how we're
staying safe.
Uh, how long have we been gone?
Oh yeah, no, this all popped up in like a day.
Yeah, well I mean, I just want it to be known we didn't abandon you, we were pursuing leads,
relevant leads.
We're professionals, Drew, you should know this by now.
Yeah, we were just doing our jobs, I mean, we eliminated a couple huge threats to the
town, Marvin Glass won't be sticking his weird looking face in our business anymore, for
one, cause he's dead, or maybe he's not dead yet in this timeline, but he will be due to
our actions in the past.
You haven't seen us since we left contention, right?
No?
Okay, good.
Wait, what?
Probably.
Don't worry about it.
We'll explain all of this on the way back to contention.
Have you been receiving calls from us?
Have you, has your phone been off or something?
Oh, I, and pulls out a burner, and is like, sorry, I had to get a burner cause I got wet.
I had to jump in a puddle.
You said, you said that you got this puddle teaming thing going on, and you got people
who are jumping into puddles if they see the ooze.
Are you able to see the ooze now?
No, no, we use kids and crazy people.
Kids can see the ooze.
Yeah, maybe that was just a bit too much tell, not show, but yeah, we use kids and crazy
people to do it because they can see the ooze.
No, I think me and my partners are all glad you told us, instead of relying on us to see
those details.
So kids and crazy folks, huh?
Yeah, they can see it for some reason, so basically we use them to scout locations,
but these puddles are everywhere, you know, it's really good.
We also call it bass brimming.
Alright, what do you do with people when their foot gets too pruney?
Oh no, it doesn't take long, you just stay in there for like ten minutes and then the
residue will move away.
It seems like a pretty good system.
I mean, we can't live like this forever, is what I'm trying to say.
We're trying to come up with a solution.
Well, people have been through worse, Drew, you know.
I don't think they have.
Throughout human history.
Then being hunted by an unknown ooze that most of them can't see unless they're crazy?
Yeah.
Oh, okay, the war, you know.
I mean, it just seems like you got the puddles.
I agree that the implementation has been fantastic and the safety, thank you for saying that,
the safety measures taken have been very good, but what we are trying to do now is
get back to a sense of normalcy and we would appreciate having the police officers of contention
help us in that regard.
Well, okay, of course we will come back and help you, but it is way too soon, I think,
to close the puddles.
I walk over to the passenger's side and get in.
Drew, you say you want to return to a sense of normalcy and that you guys have been working
on ideas.
Have you or Pastor Adam Cain come up with any ideas that seem viable so far?
I'm sorry, Daddy Cain is who he means.
Oh, no, you can call him.
You can call him pastor.
It's fine.
You know, it's just, anyway, what was the question?
Do you have any ideas, any thoughts on any theories?
Have you developed any idea about how to maybe vanquish the ooze once and for all?
Okay, so we can collect it with fish.
With fish?
Go on.
Right.
So how'd you figure that one out?
Oh, okay.
So I wasn't there, but apparently a fish can like gather the residue, it like sucks up
into it, basically into its mouth and then you can squeeze it out.
To what end?
Oh, to get rid of it.
I mean, if you needed to put it all somewhere, right, so we're just kind of collecting fish
that have it.
How do you know if the fish have it?
What you're saying is the pastor is collecting all of the ooze in one place?
Oh, yeah, I guess you could say that is what we're doing.
Oh, my God.
Is he putting it into like barrels or how's he collecting it in one place?
I don't know.
I'm not there.
I don't like the sound of that.
Okay, I think we need to go talk to this guy.
We need to get back to contention.
Remind me not to eat Nia's fish fry on Friday.
How quote unquote crazy would a feller have to be to see the ooze?
Oh, um.
If you put a numerical value on your sanity from one to 100, sure, sure.
What threshold might you say someone would start to see the ooze?
I think it's totally a matter of either losing five or more at once or hitting a breaking
point or going to zero.
That's a very concise and to the point and I appreciate how you ran with my metaphor
straight away.
Yeah, you picked that up real quick.
That was good.
I'm just trying to be more forthright here in the end times.
Hey, Drew, did you ever get that cat carrier we sent you off for?
Yeah, of course.
All right, just checking.
I mean.
Hey, have you been spending your money?
Yeah, no.
No.
Yeah, that sounds rad.
Hey, the feller we sold it to.
He's dead.
Wait, what?
Yeah.
The Duke is dead?
It was Keith's brother.
The Duke was Ferguson Beans?
Yeah.
And Keith killed him.
Why don't we talk about it on the way back?
Okay.
Montage.
Road trip montage to contention.
Road trip montage to contention.
Drew looks at you guys and is like, so you guys had the gun and the camera and the Nike
bag.
Do you guys have all those with you?
The gun and the camera are back at Marvin's, but don't worry.
We've got a plan that eventually our past selves are going to pop out of the ground
and then we're going to go and get them.
So don't worry about that.
Thank you.
Say that again.
How much time do you reckon we have to get back to contention?
Like could we maybe go run and see a movie and wait until the wee morning hours to leave
the city?
Because if we do, then we could bring the gun and the camera back.
Does he have the bag too?
Yeah.
Marvin's got that bag too, huh?
So yeah.
I mean, if you think people could, uh, you know, puddle it out for another 12 to 18 hours
say, and until we can just stroll on into that glass compound, which will pretty soon
be, be ruined.
How is it going to be ruined?
Well, uh, a pretty funny sequence of events, honestly, we could probably just go get some
seats and watch it happen again, if you think we can, we can spare the time.
I mean, do you need us back in contention by this evening or can we, can we wait until,
you know, maybe we get the gun and the camera and then hit up a diner and get a nice like
breakfast and then head back to contention tomorrow morning.
There is something in contention.
I think that would be important for us to check out.
What's that?
What's that?
I'll just show you then to explain, but we need to go back to my, my hotel first and
it'll make a lot more sense.
Are you talking about checking on your, on your dog?
Oh shit.
Yeah, I guess I do need to do that too.
That's my question to Drew.
Drew, do you think we need the gun and the camera and the Nike bag before we head back
to contention?
Okay.
Here's what I'm going to say.
I think that having the gun and the camera and the Nike bag would be a huge plus.
However, the most important thing is that you guys come back with me to contention.
I will say though, if we do wait, contention will be a different place when we get there.
I'm sure of it.
What do you mean by that?
That doesn't sound good.
No, I just mean like I have a feeling the situation happening in contention currently
will have changed, maybe even escalated if we were to not handle it currently.
Sure.
Sure.
If we were to go do something else.
It's entirely up to you guys because there's three of you and there's only one of me.
And this whole fish thing collecting the ooze.
Oh right, yeah.
The pastor rubbed me wrong the first time I met him anyway, so.
The pastor did what to you?
He was not very welcoming to me.
I find that deeply hard to understand.
What a wise man.
You know, Keith kind of, Keith that up to be honest.
Have you always had this admiration for pastor Adam Cain or is that a risk to them?
It's just that when someone steps up in the face of crisis, you have to give thanks where
thanks is due.
Drew, you haven't, you haven't tithed to this fella, have you?
Roll human.
Ooh, 55, what do I have?
Fuck, I've got a 50, so critical fail.
Dang!
Don't leap anymore.
No matter which body you're in, I think that you of all people would understand that what
is Drew Andrews' money is Drew Andrews' money.
Alright, just don't get taken for a fool.
No one could ever call me a fool.
Wow, that sounded really ominous.
And forceful for you, Drew.
Drew, have you ever branded somebody a fool?
I've been gone for one day, maybe.
You've been gone for one day and like, I know we said the whole thing, but you think
I started branding people with my newfound fame and fortune?
Not fame, but fortune?
I'd like to human this.
No.
No, okay, good.
I, for one, am going to throw the hat in the ring that I don't know what the gun and the
camera help us much down there.
Yeah, we don't really know how to use them.
I think we should get down there, do what we can first.
Do we have one name left on us or two?
We got two.
We got Tildy.
Okay, so this isn't-
And uh, Drew?
We don't need to bring everything.
Wait, hold on.
You guys have my name on you?
Two contention to wrap it all up.
No, no, no, it's uh-
You're on our mind.
Keith was just about to say, Drew, you're uh, it's so great that you came and got-
Yeah, I was gonna say we got Tildy written on us and Drew, this is another thing we'll
have to explain on the way, but we got names written on us.
Wait, okay, you got my name written on you and-
No, no, no, no, no.
Oh, you got Tildy?
I mean, Keith, you just-
Even though that is what it sounded like Keith was saying again, you just said it.
He just said the word almost exactly, word for word.
I mean, it sounded like-
I, I interrupted myself.
Do you even know what you're talking about, Keith Vigno?
When you speak, do you ever know what's coming out of your mouth?
Bubble gum tree.
Now, Drew, you don't get to talk to him like that.
Bubble gum tree.
Oh yeah.
Okay.
He could just be repeating what we said, bubble gum tree.
He could just be repeating what we said, bubble gum tree.
Oh God.
Oh shit.
But yeah, I do wonder, is this the real Drew Andrews?
Tell us something Drew Andrews would know.
I sold a pallet of cocaine with John Lee Pettymore IV for $10 million to the Duke.
No, everybody knows that.
Wow, Drew, you just said that out loud with other officers in the car.
This was a sting, Drew.
Drew looks around to see if there's anybody besides you guys in the car.
I thought they knew.
I'm just messing with you, Drew.
I know about it.
I'm disappointed in it, but.
What's your cousin's name?
Emmett.
He's the EMT.
Yeah, Emmett the EMT.
Okay.
If you're still wondering who I am, Keith Vigna, thank you very much.
I went and picked up a cat carrier to go take a cat that had the soul of an FBI agent inside
of it.
So maybe don't question me.
Okay.
Okay.
We just got to be careful, you know.
Well, if he is fake, he's a very good facsimile, so.
I get behind him and start peeling his face off.
No, I don't do that.
It would be really hard.
Drew, can you take us to my hotel?
Yeah, real quick.
Who has the best humant?
I have 80.
Oh, go ahead and roll that 80.
Check that out.
I can't see what that says.
It's a 79 on an 80.
Oh, nice.
Keith Vigna, you know that something is up.
Drew is acting strange, obviously.
That's why you questioned him on it, but he definitely skipped out on the question of
how he knew where you were.
Yeah.
John Lee Pettymore's eyes roll back in his head and he feels 10 points lucky.
Unluckier-less.
Unluckier?
Luckless.
Can we watch this?
No, I'm gonna kick you out.
Hey, Thomas.
Hey, Zach.
What are you looking for in the deep depths of John Lee Pettymore's mind?
John Lee Pettymore is going to use his clairvoyance talent by spending 10 luck, and he wants to
know if this Drew can be trusted.
Like even if it is the real Drew, can we still trust Drew?
John Lee Pettymore as your...
Sorry.
John Lee Kevinmore.
What I have on my character sheet is Kevin John Pettymore the third.
I love it.
Kevin John Pettymore the third.
But I think John Lee Pettymore the third works too.
John Lee Pettymore the third.
Your eyes roll into the back of your head and you see a reflection, it's your daddy.
Well it's the body you're in currently, but it's back when he was still your daddy.
You recognize the face from pictures.
The reflection is poor, clouded and gray.
It's a television screen.
Then the television turns on, and you see the empty interior of the contention police
station.
And it's a mess.
It's a wreck.
There's water that's been splashed all over the place.
There's files just like riddling over the floor, over everything.
It's where it's in the state that you last saw it.
And the channel changes.
You see Jim Cook in an abandoned gas station briefing three familiar faces you recognize
from a file in Marvin Glass's compound as a team called K-Cell, comprised of this young
John Lee Pettymore the third, aka Kevin, a man called Kyle, and Karen, which is the alias
of Anne Love.
As the three are leaving this derelict come and go, you see Jim Cook calls Karen back
real quick to have a word in private.
The channel changes.
Back in the disheveled contention police station, Drew Andrews leans on a two-tiered plastic
cart as he pushes it towards the evidence room.
He punches in the code, enters with an empty cart, and rolls on out with the radio on top
and the helmet on bottom.
And that helmet is sitting on the briefcase that you know contains Drew's cut.
Five million dollars.
The channel changes, and you see Drew pushing this full cart up through the sanctuary of
the First Church of Contention, which is hard to recognize with all of its pews removed.
And the TV turns off, click.
But then, the glass of the television screen slowly rolls down like a car window as Karen
screams.
She's holding these two people at gunpoint in their own hallway just to the right of
you, and they refuse to tell her what she wants to know.
Where is it?
She screams behind the screen.
Inside this television, you see there's a book.
It seems to be made of a strange, uncured leather that's got like, maybe some hair on
it?
A few freckles?
It's the human book.
You blink, and you're staring at your reflection again in this completely normal television
screen.
You stand up and turn to Karen, who is now maniacally laughing as she shoves her pistol
into the man's mouth while forcing the woman to watch.
You feel a decision inside yourself being made.
It's not here.
I mean, he talks like that now, but it probably sounded normal back then.
It's not here.
Hey, we got it.
Karen's eyes light up as she begins chanting in some tongue, either ancient or alien, and
this couple begins rising slowly, steadily off the carpet.
Do I recognize the couple?
Yeah, you've seen-
Is it Clark's parents?
It's Clark's parents.
It's Eunice and Jerry Bishop, Clark's parents.
You've seen their picture every day for a while sitting on Clark Bishop's desk.
Your vision shifts completely to a close-up of a man's left hand.
Blood is flowing down from his forearm and dripping from his fingers, and you see Drew
Andrews lean into frame and kiss the ring on this man's hands, bloody fourth digit.
What I'm getting from my question, can we trust Drew, is no.
Yeah, I think that's going to be a no dog.
Okay.
Did Keith say he was in the front seat or the back seat?
Front seat.
I'm going to say I am directly behind him.
Okay.
Do you want me to bring the other two back?
Right rear passenger seat, yes.
All right, John Lee Pettymore III is 10 luck lighter as his eyes immediately come fluttering
back into reality, and he looks to his left and sees Clark Bishop in the back seat right
next to him.
Are we driving right now?
As you're driving, yeah, on the highway towards contention, and Keith Vigna is up sitting
shotgun with Drew Andrews driving this red 2001 Mitsubishi Eclipse.
I've seen it before, and it led to good things, so I just let it happen.
I might, you know what I'll do, I'll like tap Keith on the shoulder and just kind of
point.
He's doing the thing.
Remember?
He was able to like see things last time.
And then he's back.
I don't know what the-
Uh, hey Drew, can you pull off at the next exit?
I'm so sorry, but I really have to pee.
This old body, the bladder isn't, you know, not as strong as I'm used to.
I'm still adjusting to the new Corpus, so, uh, could we, could we pl- I just, I'm about,
I'm about to piss all over your car if we don't, you know, pull over right, right, right
now at this next exit at this gas station.
That really freaks Keith out.
Hey, Jon, I understand that maybe when you're in an older body, you know, some bodily functions
don't work the same way that we used to, and, you know, you're not as trained in knowing
when your body needs to go, but I ain't gonna need you to maybe just like hold it because
as you well know, there aren't any gas stations in between the city and contention, it's only
an hour drive.
Uh, uh, okay, well, um, I lied.
I don't need to pee.
I'm about to shit my pants.
I'm gonna shit, and this car is gonna smell like shit the whole ride.
Please pull over, Drew.
Oh, Drew, please pull over, we don't want that.
These guys have some bad memories about an old man shittin' all over the place, it'll
probably make them barf all over the car.
It's just because of the memories, though.
Even if we just find a field or something.
Oh, no!
Exactly, yeah, so, uh, yeah, I mean, I like just pull over on the side of the road and
I will go shit in that long grass, I swear to God.
Yeah, no, of course, for sure.
Uh, yeah, I'll drive you.
He sees this like little country road that's going off, little gravel road.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll take this, turns off, and drives down it just a little bit, and
then is like, hey, do you think here is fine?
Yeah, yeah, oh my God, just pull over, just pull over to the side of the road.
You're next to a cornfield, but it's December.
Perfect, perfect.
So it's just flat land that you can clearly see through.
I'll just, I'll just, I'll just duck down low.
As we're pulling in, I'm nervous and I have my hand on my gun, but not like out.
I think Clark is oblivious, he's thinking, oh shit, John's got a shit.
To that end, uh, John steps hard on your toe.
Oops, John, you got me on my foot there.
John gives, gives Clark, like he, he stares daggers at him.
Okay, so the car has stopped.
The car, as soon as the car stops, John pulls his gun on Drew.
As soon as I see that, I pull my gun on Drew too.
All of our eyes just got so big.
Clark doesn't pull his gun right away and is startled.
John says to Drew, put it in park or I'll blow your brains out.
Oh, John, John, John, fellas.
Put it in fucking park, Drew.
Drew puts the car in park.
Take the keys out and hand them to Keith.
Drew takes the keys out and hands them to Keith.
All right, now slowly exit the vehicle.
Clark, Clark, you get out too and you keep them covered.
As soon as he's out, I want you to put them in handcuffs.
This ain't our Drew.
Oh, it ain't our Drew.
Money changed.
Clark has gone ahead and starting to get out.
I answered all your questions.
I answered all your questions.
I don't know why you don't think I'm me.
It happened all the sudden.
John, I mean, you're not even John, what's going on?
Hold on just a second.
Murphy keeps barking at the door.
What the hell did that mean?
I think he's got a shit real bad.
Murphy's barking at the door.
He's barking at the door.
That's what it means.
I know you already said you have to go poop.
Drew Andrews slowly opens the driver's side of this car.
Get on him, Clark, cover him.
I'm doing it.
And hands in the air.
Okay, guys, I don't know what's going on here,
but I would really thank you
to not do whatever you're about to do.
Drew.
Drew.
Drew, stop talking.
Stop talking right now, Drew.
I'm putting his hands behind his back
and I'm saying, Drew, I'm sorry, but I got to trust
my partner here and I'm cuffing him.
Okay, yeah, I mean, Drew's not gonna resist.
Drew.
Wait, hey, I turn back to you.
All right, John, what's going on here?
I don't like having Drew in handcuffs.
This isn't right.
I know, he knows it too.
Ever since I came back into this body,
I've had the ability to peer beyond the veil.
Now it takes something from me,
but I can see moments from this sphere
in which I did not participate.
Like the future or?
And the past.
This time it was just the past
and what I saw in the past was that Drew took the radio,
the helmet, and all his money from the evidence locker
and gave it to the church.
And then he kissed some creepy bloody hand with a ring,
a wedding band on its finger.
So Drew, my question to you
is why did you take those items to the church?
I mean, it's simple really.
When someone is quick to take control of a situation,
then they have all the power
and people who have all the power have the ability
to make other people do things that they may not wanna do
and I was one of those people
who was made to do something that I didn't wanna do.
They said that I could be saved.
I could have my life, I could be safe
if I brought these things
and so it was my only option.
Oh, Drew.
Drew, you didn't think to ask us or call us?
Roll a human.
Me?
Yeah.
38 on an 80. You all can.
Three.
Ooh, a seven. I pass with my little dinky score.
Joe and I just human-ed the shit out of Drew.
I lost my dice.
Those are pretty important
for what we're doing here today, Zach.
That's a crit fail.
Make some numbers up.
Yeah, if you just wanna say numbers, that's fine.
That's what we've been doing.
When I dropped my dice earlier, I couldn't find it, so.
I accidentally threw away my character sheet.
I've just been winging it.
That's a pass.
Okay, what did everyone roll?
38 on an 80.
Three on a 50.
Seven on a 30.
Yeah, it seems like he was stuck
between a rock and a hard place
and had to make a decision
and this is the call that he made.
How'd the pastor know about the money?
Well, he kinda tortured me.
What?
Drew.
When he says that, I kinda look him over.
Is there any visible torture on his body?
Drew lifts up his shirt.
There is a ring of blistered skin on his stomach,
on his round belly.
Oh, God, Drew.
There are scratch marks, cuts, and bite marks
all over the inside of this circle.
The pastor did this to you?
Well.
You do that thing where you heat up a container of rats
and they try to escape by clawing through your belly.
And Drew just pukes.
Something crosses his mind and he just like retches
and is like, ugh, ugh, ugh.
Vomit splashes on his feet.
John, can I get him out of these cuffs?
This is just sad.
I don't know if we should take him out of the cuffs.
I mean, I think we can keep him with us
and not fear for our safety,
but maybe we should keep him detained
until we know the full extent of the hold
this pastor has over him.
If we haven't patted him down,
it might be a good time to make sure
he doesn't have any kind of-
I get out of the passenger seat,
I go over and I hug Drew,
but then I pat him down after I give him a hug.
There is a small piece of cheap carpet in his pocket.
It is a little damp
and it's been rubbed on something that is like red
or like dark red.
Basically looks like a tiny piece of cheap carpet
that's been dipped in blood.
Drew-
But maybe not dipped,
but just like a little bit rubbed on it.
Drew, what is this?
It's nothing.
Drew, come on.
It's obviously something.
It's something that was in your pocket, it looks like.
It's a real strange item you got there.
No, it's just, I found it in the car.
In this car?
Drew.
Everybody roll human.
Everybody roll human.
72 on a 80.
43 on a 50.
He didn't find it in the car.
Drew, we know he didn't find this in no car.
Just tell us what it is.
You know we're just trying to help.
We're the good guys.
I don't, I-
Are you still a good guy, Drew?
I don't know if you are.
Do you remember what happened to the town of contention
while it was under your watch?
It was under your watch too, Drew.
Everyone.
People lost their animals, people lost their families.
Drew, you know as well as us
that we did everything we could.
We were working the case the whole time.
It's not like we abandoned anybody.
Didn't talk to anyone about anything.
Didn't let the public know what was going on.
Didn't respond to any calls.
Drew, we responded to every call we could.
Now you well know, working for the department yourself,
that we were ill-equipped
and had none of the resources we needed
to face a full-on reality-shattering catastrophe.
John, are you ill-equipped for everything
that you've ever come across in your life?
Drew, does this little carpet sample,
is this some kind of magic talisman
that the preacher's using to control you?
Yes.
Wow, that was a hell of a swing and a hit there, John.
Good work on that.
I'm fucking kidding.
It's not what it is, thank you very much.
You can just say something and then it's true.
Drew, you've never been sarcastic a day in your life.
Something's wrong with you.
Something in you is not you.
What's going on here?
I just don't understand why you guys don't believe me.
We believe that you were tortured and gave up the gun.
Okay.
We just, or not the gun, you know, the Adams.
Yeah.
Obviously that affected you.
Sorry about the whole rat thing.
Yeah.
Rat, yeah, that's rough.
So what have I done wrong?
Tell us what this is, where it came from.
We need you, yeah.
We need you to tell us what this is.
Okay, I'll show you.
Hand me the, just put it in my mouth.
And Drew opens up his mouth.
I look at the other officers.
What do you think, fellas?
I mean, he's cuffed still.
You're the one who's been real suspicious here.
Do you think it could be something
you could use against us in some way?
What are you gonna do if I do that?
You asked earlier, if telling you about this
will make us like be cool,
cause I don't know why you put me in handcuffs
all of a sudden, like I haven't done anything wrong.
So if this'll make us cool,
then I'll just tell you the truth about this.
I didn't wanna blow your minds or anything,
but just like you asked earlier
about how I knew where you were
and this is how I knew where you were.
So tell me like who you wanna know where they are
and like what they're doing or something
and put that in my mouth.
Okay, yeah, why don't you just tell us
the nature of this item?
I believe you, you don't have to demonstrate.
Why don't you tell us exactly.
If you believe me, then take me out of these handcuffs.
Thank you very much.
No, no, no, you gotta tell us what exactly it does
and how you came across it.
I put it in my throat and it chokes me out
until I almost die and I go unconscious a little bit
and I see where whoever I'm thinking about is.
Drew, I'm almost certain someone is playing a prank on you.
Keith gets excited, puts the carpet in his mouth
and says Tildy.
Holy shit.
You gotta shove it in there,
like making a dog take a pill.
Okay, describe it in detail.
This seems like something that someone should draw.
Mid-sentence, he just grabs Drew's mouth,
opens his mouth up, shoves the carpet in there,
closes his mouth and says Tildy B.
Drew?
Drew, you there?
Oh, I almost threw up.
Hold on, Clark, you gotta let him nearly die.
I'm looking at his eyes, though, is he conscious?
Is he aware of his surroundings and all that
as he's choking?
Yeah, he's just choking.
He's gotta pass out for the magic to happen.
He slowly gets on his hands and, well, no, he's handcuffed.
Is he handcuffed behind the back or in front?
I said behind earlier, yeah.
So he gets down on his knees and-
I'm kinda helping him down.
Okay, yeah, and then help him onto his side.
That's what he's trying to do.
That's what I do.
And he's just choking, choking, choking,
and then he's completely still.
And then this small, little violently red burst
shoots out of his mouth,
and the carpet only comes halfway out.
It's mostly just blood he spits out.
Carpet's hanging out of his mouth,
and he starts chewing on it a little bit.
Oh, God, oh, yeah, that is not wonderful.
If you could unhandcuff me, please, now that we're friends.
Tilly B. Mitchell is in a dark container.
It seems to be four walls made of some sort of material
that she cannot get out of,
and I couldn't really make out everything
that was her whole deal,
but she didn't seem to be tan.
It was very, very pale.
Cool, anybody else you guys wanna know?
No, no, please, please.
What's Jay Leno doing right now?
I just can't, I can't, did you see what-
Shove it in there, shove it in there.
Let's see what old Jay's up to.
I bet he's driving a car.
I need a sanity roll from Clark Bishop
and John Lee, Pettymore the Third.
I mean, you think we give a shit
about his little vision carpet?
I hope so, you like-
With everything we've seen at this point?
No, you're rolling sanity for making him choke
and basically torturing him.
He's crying on the ground right now.
I mean, Keith did that.
Plus, Drew told us it would happen.
It's not like it was unexpected.
So you're cool with just being like, yeah, that's fine.
No, apparently not because I rolled a 97.
John, this hits you deep.
This hits you so deep.
You feel like all at once you're like,
oh, I could have stopped Keith from doing that.
And we could have asked Drew
if we could have made it more comfy on him somehow
or at least gotten him out of cuffs
before we got him like choking violently on the ground,
gasping for air, unable to like see any future
for himself in that moment.
I do not regret keeping him cuffed
while we tested out the magical item
with only his word for what it did.
I think that's super fair.
Lose one sanity.
I failed my roll.
You're gonna lose one sanity as well.
That makes me hit my breaking point on the dot.
Okay, well, let's roll on the table, baby.
I'm gonna get Thomas and Luke out of here.
Bye.
So you're gonna roll a D100 three times
while I pull up the core rule book
for Call of Cthulhu seventh edition.
Got a 56,
a 98,
and an 89.
That's weird.
Also to calculate breaking point,
it's your sanity minus power.
Sanity minus power.
Correct.
So I've got a new breaking point of six.
One more mania to go.
All right, yeah, we're gonna do a mania on the first one
and a phobia on the second one.
How about, how about mania?
All righty, Joe, you rolled a 56,
which is ichthyomania.
Oh my God.
Is it fish?
It's an obsession with fish.
Yup.
Well, I think we got our winner right off the bat.
Pretty much.
Just to hit the other ones,
98 is typhlomania, which is pathological blindness.
Okay.
And then scribblomania, obsession with scribbling
or doodling, that would have been good for.
If we didn't have a fish thing in there,
we could have had that.
Yeah, so it's an obsession with fish.
The way that I should play this though,
is like when they are present, right?
Like I don't have to like seek out fish from now on, right?
I think maybe now and then you can seek out fish
if you would like to.
Maybe if Clark Bishop, oh, I brought them back too soon,
but otherwise you don't need, yeah.
When you guys rolled sanity,
Thomas rolled over his power, did Joe as well?
No, I did not, I rolled a 34 on an 18, on a 19.
Okay, so as Drew spits some more blood out of his mouth,
he's kind of like leaning up as Clark Bishop
is like helping him up.
I think maybe even losing the sanity,
like helping him up even quicker,
like, oh shit, what have I done kind of thing.
He's like, yeah, Tildy, yeah, Tildy is a dark room.
Does he still have the carpet like hanging out of his mouth?
Yeah.
I want to pull it out for him.
Thank you.
Who are you going to ask about?
Keith, I don't want to put him through that again.
That was awful.
That's a worst case scenario deal right there.
John is running off into the field
and it looks like he's trying to pull his own head off.
John.
You just hear him, like he's screaming
and it just starts like it's fading
a little bit in the distance.
Keith watches that for a couple of seconds
and then turns back to,
Drew, who else did the pastor make you look for?
Clark is maybe starting to head off toward John,
hollering after him.
You see John like trip over a golfer hole
or something out in the field
and he just like eats dirt and he slowly gets to his feet
and he kind of like, he looks back
and he shakes himself off.
You're all right over there?
Yeah, yeah, I'm all right.
I'm all right.
It's just a consequence of body swapping.
Sometimes, you know.
You gotta run, you gotta run it off.
The mind gets a little at odds with the body.
Kind of like why am I here, who am I,
you know, what's going on, what's.
I'd say I understand.
It's all good, it's all good, it's all good.
But if you're saying you're okay now, that sounds good.
You see his arms like twitch
and try to pull his head off like seemingly one more time.
Then he flops him around like spaghetti
and takes a big, big breath of air.
And he pats his legs and like dust himself off
and it starts walking back to the car.
As they're out in the field,
Keith asks who else the pastor wanted to look into.
Yeah, you know, thankfully I just did it a few times
just to find you.
Did you look for all of us or just one of us or what?
It was you mostly.
Me.
And as he says that,
you see a flurry of movement in the distance.
Far beyond John and Clark,
both walking back through the field, there's a barn
and a dark blur is whipping around from behind it,
energetically bounding hurriedly into the foreground.
Drew no longer sees any of you.
He is only gawking eagerly at this frenzied black lab
making its way toward you all.
His big ass gums flapping about in the brisk
December 6th wind, Drew cries out, Tyler!
Yeah, Clark is, Tyler!
Clark is really fucking excited.
How am I the only one trying to pull over?
How can you have enough drowning out of the noise?
If nobody knows, nobody knows.
