Well, well, well, hello there once again.
Fancy catching you here at this place we call the Radio Waves.
Come on in and have yourself a seat.
Stay a while, listen to me, Wolf the Dog.
Broadcast from 694.2 PTBP, the greatest radio station ever by galactic mile.
That's like a country mile, but for space.
Speaking of great things, this week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Zach,
out in Ventura County, California, who tweeted about the show and tagged at Pretending Pod.
Hey, listener, what a fine idea, hmm?
Just a little tweet to tell your friends that you're the kind of freak
that don't shy away from the horrors of at Pretending Pod.
Sounds pretty cool to me, thanks Zach from Ventura County, California.
Zach writes,
Hey Wolf, love you and everyone on the show.
For anyone listening in SoCal looking for their own furry critter companion,
check out the Ventura County Animal Shelter.
They got dogs, cats, rabbits, and all manner of cute cuddly critters looking for homes.
No unnatural horrors, just members of the coalition you haven't met yet.
You never know when you'll need a friend to tell you to hide in the creek.
Thank you for all your hard work.
Can't wait to see what's next in season two.
Well, thanks for writing in, Zach, about these dang good animals.
I share a special bond with all creatures of all dimensions,
and a cool name, Zach, if it's even a real name.
I don't know a single human being named Zach.
Zach is a fake name invented by the Illuminati.
If you know anyone named Zach, report them to the agency.
Do not approach a Zach.
Do not lock eyes with any of them.
They do not exist in this space.
They are from elsewhere that does not exist.
If you want to write up something for your wolf to how,
tag at pretending pod on the internet.
All of our links are in the show notes.
And if you really like this show, like you like like this show,
and you want to show it by showering us with $6 and 66 in coins,
mostly dimes, at least one penny,
you'll be pleased to know that one of those links down there in the show notes
is to our Patreon at patreon.com slash pretending pod.
That money buys Papa Wolf the special grease.
This month, you'll get to hear the PTBP boys break down some mistakes
that were edited out of their recent run of control copy.
In a Patreon exclusive bonus episode that Zach,
not a real name, is calling how to be a bad GM.
You won't want to miss this one.
It's over an hour of laughing at that dumb ass Zach's mistakes
while he desperately tries to learn how to do better next time.
But if hyperbolic headlines aren't your thing, don't worry.
It's time for the news.
Last time, Dr. Rusty Hooch, the never missed scientist.
Dr. Olivia Miller, the sad single mom surgeon.
Doreen Maureen, the iPad scrolling Pinterest lady
and the refrigerated pocket having basic training dropout, the Chuckster.
They went to a corrugated metal hunting cabin in the middle of the Arkansas woods,
posing as Dr. Ann Falsom, the Bigfoot scientist and friend to B-U-S-H
in order to retrieve the corpse of an unnatural creature.
However, when Dr. Ann Falsom and her team
entered the headquarters of Bigfoot underground,
search and hunt, the air was sucked out of the room.
Bleeding out on a tarp on a pool table was not the corpse of any sort of Bigfoot,
but rather it was the bruised and bullet-riddled body of a 12-year-old boy.
And as Carl Lambert growled in confusion, it became clear to everyone else
that this dead boy on the table was somehow Michael Lambert,
Carl's brother who weren't missing over 30 years ago.
Something about that math just don't add up.
But that's family for you, always complex, emotional and time-bending.
Here's a brand new track that hits that same familial trinity.
It's Molly Healy with Circles.
Searing star, deafening heat, you don't know why you found it.
In this fate as your widest portion, you'd better learn how to keep it.
I don't know how old you guys are.
You strike me roughly my age, but I don't know.
I don't want to assume.
How old are you guys?
Almost 30.
Sub 30?
Yeah, we're about to turn 30.
And then Allie's 19.
I'm so, I'm 24.
I'm the baby.
Well, I mean, I'm happy then that you, because you recently came out of the closet, right?
So, uh, because I was like, if you're over 30, I'm like, oh man, what a,
so many years you, you lost out on pussy.
How much pussy would you have gotten in homeschool?
Actually a lot.
They're all gay.
Amazing.
I think Allie's pussy game's strong.
It sounded better coming out of her mouth than mine.
Let's talk about your characters and what situation they are currently in.
I think things ended interestingly.
So I'd like to dive into each of your minds for a quick moment.
As you've lost either one sanity for three of you or five sanity for the Chuckster.
Is there anything going on in the Chuckster's mind
other than just cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool.
As you are looking at this, uh, I assume that the, the flood of chemicals to your brain
that is just shutting you down right now is enough to make it hard to, uh, to assess the
situation.
But I just want to know what's going on in that, in that little fucking pea brain.
I think, uh, the Chuckster has always had the ability to like, I don't know, think everything's
chill.
Everything's fine.
Like even when bad things happen, like getting kicked out of basic training, he's just like,
it's cool, crack a brew and move on with my life and it's all good and everything's happy.
But this is the first time where he's like faced with his own mortality, that something
bad could actually happen to him.
And he does have a very close relationship with his parents, but he has been lying to
them because he wants them to be proud of his accomplishments.
And he's feeling this, I might not measure up and this might be the end and maybe I need
to take things more seriously.
Damn.
That's like really internal.
I was just like, yo, what happened to the Bigfoot?
And you're like, I have to change my life.
I think I'm going to start, uh, doing yoga.
I think that's what he's thinking about.
I got to start, I'm going to start washing my vegetables before I eat them.
Because maybe they have vegetables.
Yeah, that's true.
Maybe I need to figure out what vegetables are.
What's going through Dr. Olivia Miller's mind?
Normally, I think she would, um, be able to separate her professionality with her emotions,
like, because she's seen so many, so many dead bodies in her life.
And also, you know, you know, people coming in from accidents and gnarly shit like that.
Uh, so I think that's why she didn't lose all of her sanity, like Chuck Steere.
Coming from when she had that scene with her daughter, it's always rough to see a child.
It pulls at her heart string a little bit more so.
And also in this way, uh, but also knowing what's going on in the world, having a sense
of the unnatural and the weird occult thinking it's coming for children.
I think she's only been exposed so far to adults having gone through these terrible things.
And so now, uh, faced with a child, it's unsettling to her.
But I think she taps into her professionality immediately and will try to assess the situation.
Notice that Carl is reacting the way he's reacting, so he did not know.
Um, and she will, yeah, she will slowly try to approach the corpse
and make a medical assessment of it.
Yeah, totally.
I think Doreen is kind of in the weird mix of just like going back and forth
between feeling like completely sick because it's a child and she's been
haunted by these little metal melting children.
But at the same time, there's like a weird wrong comfort because she is like an agent
and has dealt with like murder before this almost feels like routine routine to her.
I know.
But I think that's part of the reason why she lost less sanity.
Another day in the office.
Yeah.
She's like good at compartmentalizing.
Yeah.
So does she like spring to action type of person or?
She'd probably be the first one to move forward.
Yeah.
What would even like, what is her move?
Check this out.
I know that you're not an FBI agent.
And I know that we don't always know what the proper like move is.
You know, when you're playing someone who just has a completely different job in life
than we do, it's role playing.
But you know, what would be Doreen's next move?
There's a body.
Nobody touch it.
Trying to find evidence.
Rusty over here should take this moment to like analyze the body.
Maybe me too.
Sure.
And, and Dr. Miller, of course, surgeon, you guys have like a good team for, for analyzing
the situation for sure.
I think it's interesting because Doreen, I would imagine is normally trying to figure
out who killed the body.
Right.
But in this case, you know, you know, it's pretty obvious, you know.
But I think the question right now is how did this body get here when did it, is this
morphed from something else or like, did something put this here?
Totally.
Yeah.
Rusty, I think she's pretty almost in a twisted way, like finally paying attention.
Like she's interested now.
Like she's been a little preoccupied with her personal life.
She's pretty selfish and private and she's been pretty like annoyed by her fellow agent.
So she hasn't really been giving a shit.
And it's very one-to-one with Ali's experience so far in the game.
I was very annoyed by my fellow agents.
Didn't really give a shit.
But now that there's a dead body, I'm pretty stoked.
Well, and like, cause her experiences with the unnatural occurrences were like very impersonal
because she was so far removed from everything else.
So everyone else had a more like personal hands-on experience.
So now that she's seeing this body, she's like kind of finally like taking it seriously
and is actually like interested and she needs to be interested in something to do her job well.
Is she thinking like, I see my next Nobel prize.
Exactly.
I think like probably for everyone, the Delta green part of your brain
in the back of your brain is saying, where's the evidence?
How do we destroy it and make sure this doesn't get out?
And finally, there is a certain amount of evidence
that lives inside the brains of witnesses, right?
So you do know that Jerome Dyer is another Delta green agent.
It's fine if he knows, but there are two civilians in this room right now, Carl Lambert,
crying for Michael, who you remember to be the name of his younger brother who went missing
almost 30 years ago, but who is still a 12 year old corpse on this table right now.
And then you have Janice Ruth, who is also in this room.
So I'm going to cut to her real quick as she is going to make a beeline for the front door.
Hell no.
Am I real quick?
Am I pretty incapacitated?
Oh yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Ellie, you said Dr. Miller was going to be really interested in going up to the body,
but as soon as Janice Ruth starts making a move, you reacted immediately.
So let's go to you.
Do you step into her way or?
The thing is I want to, Ellie, but I don't know if my character would be,
have that sort of role in her behavior because she's unbelievably clumsy and
like my dex is not great.
So I feel like it would be one of those like situations where I'm like somebody stop her,
but I would try to motion for her if I can, like I can roll for it.
I mean, who knows?
I don't know.
Alertness.
Would that be a thing or?
Yeah.
Let's actually just have all three of you who've succeeded on your sanity checks.
If you could all roll alertness and actually Lindsey is Doreen's alertness or search higher.
I succeed.
Okay, great.
I got a little roll.
I got a 12.
Oh, nice.
I got a 97 on a 20.
My alertness is higher than my search.
And what did you roll?
Oh, I sorry.
I haven't rolled yet.
74 on a 70.
Okay.
So Ellie, I'm going to give you the option since you're the only one who succeeded.
Are you, uh, are you going to make a move toward the door to stop Janice Ruth before
she goes out or are you going to immediately check out the body?
Miller wants to check out the body, but she is the body, but she is a super, super, she's
cool right now.
She's cool headed, level headed.
So she knows exactly what's going on.
Her perception is on point.
So she just straight up goes to, uh, she catches Ruth by the arm.
Oh, there's no need.
There's no need to panic.
No, are you kidding me?
Panic?
Panicking.
You seem to have been through a lot.
This happens a lot.
And she is going to lie and she's going to try to convince Ruth that she is hallucinating.
She's been hallucinating, uh, had some sort of head trauma.
She's going to try to do like a medical, do the power of suggestion of like, how have
you been sleeping lately?
Have you had any head trauma?
All right.
Uh, do you have psychotherapy?
Yes.
Oh, awesome.
Go ahead and roll psychotherapy.
Uh, not super high.
41 for psychotherapy.
Where's my psychotherapy?
Where the fuck is my fucking psychotherapy?
Uh, no, um, I have nevermind.
Uh, no, I failed.
I know what it was.
I know what it was.
I know what it is.
No.
Calm down.
Calm down.
I just, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't.
Um, I'm going to, yeah.
She's going to need to be restrained.
Yeah.
All right.
So, uh, can I punch her in the face?
Jesus.
Can I just, can I try and restart?
I probably have.
Yeah.
I think at this point, if, uh, the other two who have succeeded on their sanity checks
want to, want to move in to help.
Yeah.
I think I probably have things to help restrain.
Medical doctor, do you have an inhaler in your bag?
I didn't take one out last week, but, uh, do I, Zach, please?
Always.
I, I like to think that everyone has everything.
Everyone's very well prepared.
You wouldn't be in Delta Green if you weren't.
Oh, what's this?
A million dollars in my pocket.
Okay.
I'm gonna shove the inhaler in her and try to shove a inhaler in her mouth.
So as Dr. Hooch and Doreen Marine kind of grab either side of this woman and set her
down onto the ground, still with the echo of cool, cool, cool, cool.
She's in the background.
Uh, Dr. Miller pulls out an inhaler, helps Janice Ruth with.
Uh, you look over and you see Jerome Dyer.
Agent Dyer is, uh, is comforting.
Carl Lambert, who is now on his knees, kind of crawled up toward the pool table.
He's got his elbows on the pool table and his hands flat.
Chin is on his hands and he's just crying and staring at the face.
You know, kind of from the side, uh, on this corpse of this, again, just completely bruised
every single part of the skin all the way down is blue and black and purple with bruising.
And there's just slug hole after slug hole with blood just pouring out and pooling on
this tarp below.
And Jerome Dyer is just comforting Carl as best he can as Carl is just weeping and moaning.
This was a separate room, right?
Basically the setup of this room is you walk in the front door on your right, there's a
bathroom.
There's not like a door to the bathroom.
There's just a stall door with a toilet in the stall with a sink next to it.
That's all still open in this room.
There's a skee-ball table right next to our skee-ball, you know, uh, not table machine,
machine, skee-ball machine right next to the toilet.
And, um, uh, and then, you know, uh, in the middle of the room is this pool table with
the tarp on it where this boy's body is laying lifeless in the corner of the room.
There's some couches and a TV, and then all hanging on the walls is equipment for both
Bigfoot hunting and for YouTube video making the two most important things in life.
And you also would notice that, uh, there's some like work desks and stuff where they've
got their, uh, computer set up.
Jerome Dyer's looking back at one of the computers and he pulls out his phone and looks at the
time and, and then, and that doesn't matter.
I was just, I just kept talking for some reason.
Okay, so, uh, just like, and then this happens, and then this happens.
Dr. Millie would, uh, tries to get the attention of, uh, Dr. Rusty Hooch or Dr. Falsom.
Pretend name is right now and be like, we should try to look at the body, but we need
to calm these two assholes down first.
Um, but she doesn't say that she tries to do it with her eyebrows.
Exactly.
Can I go out to the lab and cook something up to knock them out?
Oh yeah, absolutely.
Okay.
So I see Dr. Miller looking at me and I just kind of sneak out the back while you two are
holding her down.
As Dr. Miller can kind of go look at the body, Doreen is still with Janice Ruth and
Janice looks up at you and she's like, are you going to help?
What's happening?
Honey, I got my iPad out in the car.
Let me just go get it.
It'll calm you down.
It calms me down every night.
Oh no, no, I need you.
I need you right here.
All right.
Okay.
What do we do?
I pull out my personal cell phone and I pull up Pinterest.
Okay.
What do we do?
Just look at the pretty pictures, honey.
Just look at the pretty pictures.
This is literally like you're at the zoo, like on one side of the glass, like showing
the chimpanzee, like pictures of other chimpanzees.
And they're like telling you like, oh, nice.
Okay.
You can swipe to the next one.
I love that video, but this is Janice Ruth's version.
She's like, that's nice.
Let's go to the next one.
Oh, thank you.
That's a nice couch.
Oh God.
What is, is it like interior design porn?
I'm showing her videos of cooking.
I'm showing her like TikTok cooking videos and then like, and then interior design.
Those like tiny cooking videos where everything's super small and she's like,
everything's made of felt.
She's like, how did they make a spatula so small?
She like actually gets upset again because she doesn't understand.
While she's, while, uh, Janice Ruth is distracted.
Can I come back in with the shit?
But I need to approach Dr.
Miller first.
Rural pharmacy for what got, what got up, what you made for what happened in the lab.
55 on an 80.
That is a critical success.
Oh my gosh.
You're going to knock her out forever.
Oh my gosh.
You can fucking kill her.
Perfect because it's a critical success.
You can, uh, and because we made so many jokes about potions,
uh, you can give this if, I mean, if they'll take it right.
You have a liquid that is going to be clear.
It is going to be unscented.
It will have no taste and you cannot see it and they will only wake up when you, um,
is it the yin yang twins who said, snap your fingers?
Yeah.
Wait, can it be in a tiny, tiny cauldron and then maybe have some like smoke coming out of it?
Sometimes when you interject, it's useful all the time.
No, but it's as tiny as the tiny cooking videos, so she's intrigued.
Yeah.
She actually really likes it.
My God.
All right.
So I, um, I have this tiny, tiny culture in my hand, but I, I approached Dr.
Miller while Janice Ruth is being distracted with tiny cooking videos.
All right, listen, I've got something and I'm talking low so I can use my, my normal voice.
I'm not in character right now.
I've got something that'll knock these fuckers out, but as soon as I give it to him,
we're not going to be able to ask him a damn thing.
So do I need to wait a second?
What do I do?
That's a good point.
Like it, it seems like, um, our friend here has been able to calm her down somewhat.
Let's try to talk to them before.
And if they become aggravated again, let's use your little cauldron.
All right, we're going to need a word.
Banana.
But banana, got it.
That's my safety word.
You say banana, those fuckers knocked out immediately.
Exactly.
Perfect.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good job.
Good thinking there.
She gives like a nod of approval to, uh, to Rusty.
And then I go and I hide my, I hide my, Rusty comes immediately.
Then I hide my tiny cauldrons.
Where do you hide it?
I put it in the corner.
Labeled tiny cauldron.
The Chuckster is coming out of his, uh, of his temp insane temp insane.
So it started out like really high.
Cool, cool, cool.
And as he comes back, it's like, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool,
cool, cool, cool, cool, cool.
And then that's him just being normal.
Okay.
You're looking at this situation.
Currently we have Doreen Marine is showing Pinterest videos to Janice Ruth
and keeping her calm in the corner.
I'm picturing her in the corner, like up against the bathroom stall door.
It's literally the exact same shot of Doreen, like over someone and like a bathroom stall.
But this time she's helping as opposed to slamming a teenager into the toilet.
Dr. Rusty Hooch is carefully placing a tiny cauldron into the corner for safekeeping.
And, um, Dr. Olivia Miller is heading straight to the body to give it a thorough look over
as the Chuckster comes out of the situation and also sees
Carl Lambert staring at the body with agent Jerome Dyer kind of stroking his, um, lack of hair.
Can I roll a medicine to see, uh, what I see?
Yes, please roll.
Oh, well, 55 on a 60 actually.
Holy fucking shit, Ellie.
55.
So, um, because you critically succeeded mathematically, it just fucking happens all
the time.
Wait, it is.
Okay.
So it's, uh, one is a create zero.
One is the critical success.
Um, and then 100 is a critical fail.
So if you've got, that's 11 chances to critical out of a hundred.
So there's an 11% chance, but I feel like it's happening more than 11% of the time.
God is in this house.
No, it's still happening to me, but it's a crit fail.
Okay.
So with that being said, I am going to have Lindsay, Allie, Taylor, go ahead and take
off your headphones and get the fuck out of the living room.
So you can't hear me talk to Ellie right now.
What?
This is a game mechanic in the game.
That's so funny.
So Ellie, I like to run closed games.
So, uh, you know, obviously with all the introduction stuff, I think it's fun to let
everyone in on like the character full, like character idea of each person, even
though you meet as strangers and you wouldn't know all that information beforehand.
But once we get into the shit and someone learns a piece of valuable information that
the others wouldn't know, I think it's fun to just give that piece of information to
the person playing the character who knows it.
Okay.
Interesting.
All right.
So I can make a decision later whether I share it or not.
Yeah.
And this is kind of a pretty, uh, pivotal moment in the story.
So as Dr.
Olivia Miller checks out this body underneath all this bruising, all this black and blue
and purple bruising up near the chest of this boy, there seems to be a rash and it's in
the form of a circle.
You see the biggest circle first, and it probably goes over the shoulder, under the arm a little
bit around the pectoral muscle, over the clavicle, and then back around forming an enormous circle
over the, over the chest, kind of exactly where you would put your hand over your heart
to, uh, you know, swear an oath.
And then you notice a smaller circle just inside that bigger one.
And these are just these red rashes and they're thick lines as they get closer to the center.
And you see, it's like a bullseye.
It's like a target.
And in the very middle, you begin to look really closely.
You've got your gloves on, you're all suited up.
So you're able to kind of move the skin around and the skin is so wrinkly, like it's been
stretched out and now it's kind of sunken back in.
Like, oh, my doorbell rang.
That's odd.
Oh, perfect.
And, uh, I'm sorry.
I'm going to get that real quick.
This is the worst time to do this.
Sorry about that.
It's my good friend Joe's birthday, uh, in three days.
And that was his birthday present in the mail.
Yay.
Okay.
Back into the most intense thing we've done.
Yeah.
I'm like, I'm like, okay, so it's stretched out.
He's big.
Okay.
You notice as you kind of pinch at the center of this bullseye, there's a divot dug out
in the skin as if there was something, like if a golf ball were to land on the green,
uh, from a high place, then it would make a round spot in the grass.
Like a crater.
Yes.
Like a very, very small crater, just a, um, concave skin spot.
But because it's so wrinkly, it's almost like, um, it's almost like if you had an
uninflated balloon that you've taken scissors to just like an edge part of.
So there's just a little hole, like a little circle hole there in the skin.
And because you critically succeeded out of the corner of your eye, as you're pinching
the skin and noticing this little hole, you see something tiny black with countless legs.
Crawling on the ground of the dirty tile floor and this weird impromptu cabin barn thing.
And it looks to your eyes like a tick.
You've never seen a tick like this.
It has so many legs all around to where as it's moving, it just kind of looks like it's
floating right above the ground.
Ugh.
Go ahead and roll sanity.
31 on to my current 55.
Okay.
You're not going to lose any sanity.
You know, from your medical training and experience that a bull's eye rash is actually
a common occurrence in tick bites.
Tick bites.
Tick bites.
Yeah.
I've actually had a fair amount of ticks.
They're common in Sweden.
Yeah.
So, you know, it's always a bad sign when you get like, because you can get that several
weeks after they've stung you and then you have to.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, my theory, if we're now doing it secretly, and I had this theory last time when you
reveal the body and everyone's reaction is that it's somehow this boy is Bigfoot, right?
But he's morphing back like a werewolf or something.
That's my thing.
Right.
Yeah.
But, you know, much more awful way, but I didn't account for the tick.
So now I'm a little, I'm a little interested and curious, but I don't know.
So do I have to tell them or is it up to me?
You don't have to tell them.
You can just describe your actions however you would like, but I'm going to have basically
this will be your moment is your moment of knowledge is going to be your turn here.
And then as we, as we bring everyone back in, I'm actually going to move into combat
order and we're going to like, we're in combat rounds.
Okay.
Hello, please come back and record the rest of the day.
Zach, this is such a good, like, you're such a good GM.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Great.
So much fun.
What'd y'all talk about?
Welcome back.
We're moving into combat order.
I would like to know what your dexterity are because we're going to move from whoever
has the highest dexterity down to whoever has the lowest dexterity.
So do you want the score or the times five score?
Either one.
Cause I'll know the difference.
12.
Okay.
12.
Oh shit.
10.
Fine.
10.
Damn.
Okay.
So yeah, rock, scissors, paper.
This will be hilarious because Lindsay and Ellie have the delay.
So let's start with Ali and Taylor.
Okay.
Do you do shoot?
Shoot is for losers.
Rock, paper, shoot.
Rock, paper, shoot.
All right.
Ali goes first.
Uh, rock, paper, shoot.
This is going to be hilarious.
I'm just going to close my eyes and do it.
All right.
Rock, paper, scissors.
Open your eyes.
Oh, fuck.
All right.
So it is going to go Dr.
Rusty Hooch, then Chuck the Chuckster, then.
Actually, after that experience that I had, uh, where I lost my sanity,
I'm, I'm trying to be more serious.
So I'm like, call me, call me Charles.
Now
he says to God inside his own head, he's like, I really say that to yourself.
You're like, you get this together.
Chuckster.
No, get this together.
Charles.
Amazing.

Charles, the serious, very serious boy.
We're going to start with Jerome.
Then we're going to do Dr.
Rusty Hooch, Charles, Charles, Charles.
You can call me Charles T's.
I'll call you just Charles.
Then, uh, then it will be Carl.
And then we'll have Doreen and Miller.
And then I don't know.
I'm just saying this out loud.
I'm going to cut it from the show.
Oh, so we can say weird stuff.
And I like poop, poop, poop, poop, poop, poop, poop.
And now it's all staying in.
Janice Ruth is going to be last.
So, uh, okay.
So as far as you guys know, everything is the exact same.
When you look over, you can notice that Dr.
Miller is, uh, is pinching at the skin on the chest of this corpse.
She is wearing like a full hazmat suit and gloves at this point, as are
all four of you.
If you forgot about that and your mental image of the scene, throw it back in there.
And so we're going to have Dr.
Hooch kick this thing off.
As you also would see, Dr.
Miller is now releasing the skin and begins looking for, uh, something in her
pockets or bag that she has with her.
And it's Dr.
Hooch's turn.
Dr.
Hooch, what do you do?
Okay.
So I run over there because I'm supposed to be the doctor.
Aren't you a scientist?
Yeah, but, uh, and Folsom.
Oh, that's right.
We're still keeping up appearances at this point.
I forgot.
So I put my cauldron down and I quickly remember that I'm supposed to be the
doctor in the situation.
So I run over to Dr.
Miller, put my British accent back on and I loudly say, I loudly say this.
Right.
Let me take a look at the body.
Don't no one touch.
Move aside, move aside.
Which is perfect because she's already moving aside.
It is now Charles's turn.
I don't understand.
Is everything as I saw it last?
Yep.
Okay.
That's kind of the uncomfortable thing about moving into dexterity order in
Delta Green is sometimes you don't know why or why.
Cause a lot of times we'd be in moving in dexterity order when you're in combat
and then like a gunfight or a chase.
So this could be either one of those, but it also could just be me being like,
and now we're moving in dexterity order to make it seem like the tight
intention of the situation.
Okay.
I think that I'm going to use my two months of basic training knowledge.
I'm going to, I'm going to barrel roll over to the door and secure it.
I'm going to secure the place so that no one can escape.
Ocular pat down of the entire place.
You are at the only doors, the entrance and the exit.
Excellent move.
Jerome Dyer is still very much calming down Carl.
As Carl begins, let's see, actually, I'm going to go ahead and roll for Carl's
sanity here.
Carl's eyes begin to turn to anger.
And if anyone were to notice you, you, you're hearing Carl's sobs become more
just like, what the fuck?
Which I'm realizing now would be hard not to notice.
And Janice Ruth is, I'm just okay.
I'm just going to be okay.
I'm just going to be okay.
And I keep rolling really high sanity checks.
And so I'm going to lose my mind again a little bit.
And she looks up at Doreen.
She says, I'm fine now.
And she's going to try to stand up and, uh, and move toward the door that both.
Now Doreen is kind of in the way of, as well as Charles.
Is it my turn?
Yeah.
I think for Doreen specifically, she's just really ready to help with the body,
but I guess if she's fucking relegated, taking care of old lady on the ground.
She sure did.
I guess for this turn, I'm going to try and convince Janice to not leave the premises.
Yeah, great.
If you want to roll persuade or psychotherapy, which everyone's higher.
I rolled an 86 on a 50.
Damn, not lucky with the rolls.
At least it's not a crit fail.
At least it's not a crit fail.
Janice Ruth stands up and is going to move past you.
Now only has Charles between herself and the door.
Dr. Miller, it is your turn.
Dr. Miller sees that Janice is on her way to the door and she says with, uh, I'm going
to roll a persuade for this and she's going to say, if you leave, I have reasons to believe
that we're all going to die.
That is a strong persuade.
Uh, it's also weird and crazy, so I'm not going to get, I was, I was like, she deserves
a plus 20 on that until I thought about Janice Ruth in that situation, which is like, what
the fuck are you talking about, dude?
Uh, so go ahead and, uh, we'll just go straight up and down and roll that persuade.
Um, 15 on a 40 persuade.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Uh, she turns around, puts her hand behind her back.
Is that a threat?
It's not a threat.
It's a warning and it goes for all of you.
And she looks at the Carl who's crying and, um, and everyone in the room is just like,
nobody leaves.
I have reason to believe that there's something really wrong going on here.
When you look down, you notice that, uh, the floor is just white and tile and there's some
dirt spread around it, but you don't see anything else anymore.
Cause you've taken your eyes off the ground and, uh, we're going to head back to the top
of the order with Jerome.
Jerome's like, come on, Carl, it's going to be okay.
It's going to be okay.
All right.
Stay with me.
Stay with me.
Like a car that won't start.
And, uh, Charles, what are you doing?
Okay.
So I'm feeling very confident with your confidence.
Sorry.
Just to give you a quick rundown, Janice turned her back to you when she turned to talk to
Dr. Miller.
When she put her hand behind her back, you see that she's reaching for a gun that is
in her like waistband.
Okay.
And you are literally within arm's reach of both.
You can grab her hand, you can grab her wrist, you can grab her gun, you can punch your butt.
Well, okay.
I think I'll use my, I would like to talk and move at the same time and humans typically
do that.
You can definitely do that.
Okay.
You're like, what can I do?
What can I do in this game?
It's kind of two things at once.
Yeah.
Talking, talking is always like kind of a free action.
Freebie.
Yeah.
Okay.
So I am action wise.
I am using my athletics to reach for the gun.
Okay.
And also I'm going to do like a, I can picture this.
So she's turned around and I'm going to stick my leg between her legs and then wrap it around
one and get her down to a kneeling position.
Okay.
Yeah, that's rad.
Go ahead and roll athletics.
This is like a wrestling move or, um, I guess athletics.
I mean, if you want to give me something I have higher in like unarmed combat actually
is probably closer.
That's lower though.
Yeah.
Go ahead and roll.
I'm going to go ahead and roll athletics.
You know what?
I'm going to go.
I pass either one 39 on a 40 or on a 50 or a 60.
Whoa.
All right.
The jig is up.
What the fuck is going on here?
I turned to Jerome.
You got to fill us in, bro.
Like this shit's crazy.
Absolutely no idea.
This was a goddamn Bigfoot five minutes ago.
Well then how the fuck did it turn into a little boy?
I'm not a doctor.
And you both just like whip pan turn to the other two.
I think someone should look to see if there is security footage so we can see a transformation.
Did I skip Dr.
Hooch's turn?
Yes.
Allie, you didn't speak up at all.
I thought I went.
I was like, I guess I go after Taylor.
I guess I, I guess I lost rock, paper, scissors.
I forgot I won rock, paper, scissors.
I forgot to, you know, have you go next.
So it's your turn.
Okay.
So I, now that things are getting a little more out of hand with these two civilians,
I look directly at Doreen and then I glance over at the cauldron in the corner so that
she knows she needs to go get it.
And I'm still like hovering over the body playing Dr.
Anne Folsom.
I'm so sorry.
I, if you could hold, just everyone hold for a moment.
My Pro Tools is not responding and I'm having a heart attack.
Oh, you're doing great.
What do you use your Pro Tools for?
Recording.
Oh, that's bad.
Yeah.
Oh no.
Yep.
I just realized.
Hey guys, it's all still there.
It literally did full not responding white screen and then boom, back to fully in motion.
Can you imagine?
Oh my God.
Let's get this man a shot.
I had to rerecord an entire, two entire episodes once.
No.
That it was like, it was like a very cool finale, like all the revelations and it's
like gone.
That fucking sucks.
Yeah.
But it actually, the second time around was better because then they could rehearse.
Yeah, of course.
Yep.
Yeah.
We recorded, we rerecorded our first episode because it was the first time we were ever
on mic and we finished and we were like, that sucked.
All right.
Let's move on to, well, if I'm being honest, didn't hear a goddamn word you said Allie.
So I'm still doctor who just still hovering over the body playing and fall some playing
doctor, but she looks over her shoulder directly at Doreen and then looks over at the cauldron
to let Doreen know that she needs to go grab that.
Yes.
Go ahead and roll alertness for me.
Okay.
Damn.
Why'd you give me such a low alertness?
Yeah.
Sorry, dude.
Wait.
Holy shit.
Is that a great success?
No, 11 would be.
Oh, what does it mean?
It means you passed.
Oh, okay.
I pass.
Congrats.
Thank you.
Uh, okay.
Instead of leaving, instead of leaving the room this time, Lindsay and Taylor, just take
off your headphones.
And then if you just like put your fingers in your ears and wiggle them a little bit,
maybe don't make that noise.
Dr.
Hooch.
Yeah.
As you look at Doreen, Marine, you see that there is a small tick on the ground that is
crawling directly towards the military boots that are planted firmly on the ground in
between Doreen.
I don't know why I'm describing her feet so weird.
It's heading toward her boots.
It's a small tick.
I need you to roll sanity.
Okay.
It's just a bug.
You got 71 on a 55.
Oh, it's probably not just a bug.
You're going to lose one sanity.
You've seen ticks.
Ticks don't have that many legs, Dr.
Hooch.
This thing basically is floating as a wild amount of legs, but also seemingly a changing
amount of legs carries this thing as if it's floating just off the ground directly toward
Doreen Marine.
As you, as you, uh, point at her and then give her the eyes, you know, over to, over
to the vial.
Do I get another action?
Because you failed your sanity?
No, but you do see this thing.
And so the knowledge that you possess and making the move toward Marine of having her,
which is handy that you're telling her to move.
Yeah, I guess.
That does work out quite well for you.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Understood.
Hey, did you fucking get me?
All right.
Yeah.
So I motion to Doreen Marine to go over to the cauldron in the corner.
The cauldron to get the, uh, the sleepy time medicine.
Banana time.
It's fucking banana time.
Uh, and with that, I need everyone else to roll sanity.
So Charles, Doreen, Dr.
Miller, go ahead and roll.
Alertness.
Sorry.
Did I say alertness or sanity?
You said sanity.
Oh, alertness.
Roll alertness.
Thank God.
Because if it was sanity, I would have crit failed, but I crit success.
44.
Congratulations.
Yeah, that was a real turnaround.
Lindsay.
51 on a 70.
Oh, success.
And Dr.
Miller fail 34 on a 20.
Dr.
Miller seems to be looking all around on the floor, trying to find something that she may
have seen previously, but is now lost Doreen.
You see it right in front of your boots on the ground, crawling toward you.
And Charles, you also see this little, little creature.
Um, no, go ahead and roll a sanity, both Charles and Doreen.
Why is sanity so low?
Yeah, I failed 4259.
Oh, that's a success.
So, uh, you have so much sanity.
I only lost one earlier when you lost like five.
Okay.
Sorry.
Lindsay, take off your headphones again.
As you just, oh wait, no, hold on.
Sorry.
Keep them on just for a moment.
Listen to me.
Listen to the words coming out of my mouth.
You see just a tick.
There's just a tick on the ground.
It's normal.
You're out in the woods.
There's a tick.
There's, you know, sometimes there's crickets.
Sometimes there's ants.
No, it's just like a normal tick.
I mean, ticks are not great.
You don't want it to be near your foot, I suppose, but that's all you see.
You take off your headphones.
No big deal.
Hey, uh, Chuckster, this thing has so many goddamn legs.
Uh, like this is not a tick.
This is, it looks like a tick, but it's almost like floating off the ground with how many
legs it has and the number of legs keeps changing.
And like with the critical success on the alertness, you actually notice that it is
almost like forming and reforming in different spots around like as it's moving toward Terrain's
boot.
I can picture that.
Yeah, me too.
Good storytelling.
Oh, hey, thanks dude.
I love you.
Love you too.
Shut up.
Get a room.
I'm so jealous of Lindsay.
She gets to close her ears.
Lindsay, they're saying bad things about you.
And Lindsay's back.
I messed up on the fun.
You have no idea how lucky you are.
Doreen, it's your turn.
What do you do?
I'm going for the cauldron.
Hey Zach, do I have to lose sanity points?
Yeah, just lose one.
Okay.
Thanks for asking.
You did have homework.
The rest of the class groans.
Roll dexterity.
Okay.
God.
Zero on.
I'm sorry, you rolled zero?
I rolled double zero.
Hey guys.
All right, so double zero means 100.
100 is literally the worst thing you can roll in this game.
And Zach, what did you roll?
And this was a contest and I rolled a 38.
You rolled a 100.
So yeah, pretty easy.
You move over to the cauldron in the corner.
What do you do?
Do I know what this is for?
Do I know that this cauldron is like a potion that you've made that will knock them out?
I mean, all I've done is go out, bring it in, and then look at you and look at it.
So I grab it and I look at you.
I just glance over at Janice Ruth.
At this time, real quick, Ellie, if you could take off your headphones as well.
Lindsay and Ally, take off your headphones and plug your ears.
Me, it's me.
Hey Taylor.
Yeah, what's up?
What's up, bro?
You're my favorite.
I love you so much.
Should we pause like every five minutes to do this?
Yeah, it's really fun.
All right, should we get them back?
Are you serious?
Because you critically succeeded on your alertness check to see this weird fucking seemingly
unnatural otherworldly bug.
You also notice it, you know how I described how it like kind of blips in and out?
It seems to blip a couple times as it jumps and it slides directly down into the military
boots of one Doreen Marine and disappears into her boot.
You process that information finally when she's across the room and has grabbed this
cauldron, you finally think to yourself like, holy shit, that thing just like disappeared
into her boot.
That's so weird.
And am I allowed to do anything or just know it?
You just have to know that for now.
I can't yell out?
Let her act first if that's cool.
We don't want to interrupt her.
She seems to have something fun to do.
I think she's excited about it.
What do you think?
All right, let's get it back.
All right, come back.
All right.
Hold on, I have to wipe the earwax off my fingers onto my pants.
Everyone stop what you're doing.
This is the most grossed out I've ever been recording the show.
And he records with Luke and Thomas.
I'm so honored.
No mention of Joe there.
That's interesting.
Joe's a saint.
Yeah, no, no big deal.
Doreen Marine, what do you do?
I made eyes with Rusty Hooch, who just looks at Janice, right?
I'm going to head towards Janice.
And I think my plan is to just like try and like, as if she were my cat or my dog, just
like pry her mouth open and give her some of this and like rubber throat to get her
to swallow.
As you're doing that.
Doreen, pour it in your boot.
So I poured in my boot, not all of it.
Whoa, what the fuck?
So trusting.
Wow, so trusting.
That's amazing.
He seems pretty sure of himself.
And also like, and once I became Charles, everyone just was like, wow, there's just
something about him.
I just trust him.
He pulled that move where he got the gun.
Charles in charge of our taste.
Now recording.
Now recording.
You are now being recorded.
That's how I'm going to laugh for this episode.
If you guys are cool with that.
Only if I can laugh like.
That's a satisfying mic sound.
That was dick-sucking sound.
Satisfying.
All right.
Let's go.
Falling fast into a deep abyss
Till they chase you out again
Find your feet on your broken bones
Clear out the edge again
Falling fast into a deep abyss
Falling fast into a deep abyss
Falling fast into a deep abyss
Falling fast into a deep abyss
Falling fast into a deep abyss
Falling fast into a deep abyss
Falling fast into a deep abyss
Falling fast into a deep abyss
Falling fast into a deep abyss
Falling fast into a deep abyss
